

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-18-003759
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20171231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20180402
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20180330
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000882800
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				752100622
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54584
		FILM NUMBER:		18727089
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		117 WEST 9TH STREET SUITE 316
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90015
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-392-5606
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		117 WEST 9TH STREET SUITE 316
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90015
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICAN EAGLE GROUP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940301









     






UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20429

FORM
10-K

&#9746;&nbsp;ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the fiscal year ended December 31
 2017



&#9744;&nbsp;TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the transition period from __________ to __________

Commission
file number: 000-54584

PACIFIC
VENTURES GROUP
 INC.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)



    
    
    

(State
    or other jurisdiction of
    
(I.R.S.
    Employer

incorporation
    or organization)
    
Identification
    No.)

    
    
    

117
    West 9th Street
 Suite 316
    
    

Los
    Angeles
 California 
    
    

(Address
    of principal executive offices)
    
(Zip
    Code)


Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Securities

 $0.001 par value per share

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer



Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes&nbsp;&#9744;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&#9746;

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes&nbsp;&#9746;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during
the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files. Yes&nbsp;&#9746;

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Yes&nbsp;&#9744;


is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 smaller reporting company
 or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;smaller reporting company
&rdquo;
and &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    



 indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes&nbsp;&#9744; No&nbsp;&#9746;

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant
 as of June 30
 2017
was approximately $9
817
024. 
 the
term &ldquo;non-affiliate&rdquo; has been interpreted to exclude directors
 executive officers and holders of 10% or more of the
registrant&rsquo;s common stock
 and the value was calculated based the number of shares held as of December 31
 2017.

As
of March 25
 2018
 the registrant had outstanding 56
569
655 shares of common stock
 $0.001 par value.







    
    



TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
    
    
Page
    No.

    
PART
    I
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    1.
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    1A.
Risk
    Factors
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    1B.
Unresolved
    Staff Comments
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    2.
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    3.
Legal
    Proceedings
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    4.
Mine
    Safety Disclosures
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
PART
    II
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    5.
Market
    for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    6.
Selected
    Financial Data
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    7.
Management&rsquo;s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    7A.
Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    8.
Financial
    Statements and Supplementary Data
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    9.
Changes
    in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    9A.
Controls
    and Procedures
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    9B.
Other
    Information
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
PART
    III
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    10.
Directors
    Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    11.
Executive
    Compensation
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    12.
Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    13.
Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    14.
Principal
    Accountant &nbsp;Fees and Services
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
PART
    IV
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    15.
Exhibits
    Financial Statement Schedules
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



    
    


Cautionary
Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (this &ldquo;Annual Report&rdquo;) contains forward-looking statements. The SEC encourages companies
to disclose forward-looking information so that investors can better understand a company&rsquo;s future prospects and make informed
investment decisions. This Annual Report and other written and oral statements that we make from time to time contain such forward-looking
statements that set out anticipated results based on management&rsquo;s plans and assumptions regarding future events or performance.
We have tried
 wherever possible
 to identify such statements by using words such as &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo;
&ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;will&rdquo;
and similar expressions in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance. In particular
 these include
statements relating to future actions
 future performance or results of current and anticipated sales efforts
 expenses
 the outcome
of contingencies
 such as legal proceedings
 and financial results.

We
caution that the factors described herein and other factors could cause our actual results of operations and financial condition
to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements we make and that investors should not place undue
reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Further
 any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such
statement is made
 and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after
the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events or circumstances.
New factors emerge from time to time
 and it is not possible for us to predict all of such factors. Further
 we cannot assess
the impact of each such factor on our results of operations or the extent to which any factor
 or combination of factors
 may
cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements.



This
Annual Report includes market and industry data that we have obtained from third-party sources
 including industry publications
as well as industry data prepared by our management on the basis of its knowledge of and experience in the industries in which
we operate (including our management&rsquo;s estimates and assumptions relating to such industries based on that knowledge). Management
has developed its knowledge of such industries through its experience and participation in these industries. While our management
believes the third-party sources referred to in this Annual Report are reliable
 neither we nor our management have independently
verified any of the data from such sources referred to in this Annual Report or ascertained the underlying economic assumptions
relied upon by such sources. Furthermore
 references in this Annual Report to any publications
 reports
 surveys or articles prepared
by third parties should not be construed as depicting the complete findings of the entire publication
 report
 survey or article.
The information in any such publication
 report
 survey or article is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report.

Forecasts
and other forward-looking information obtained from these sources involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based
on various factors
 including those discussed under &ldquo;Risk Factors
&rdquo; &ldquo;Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements
&rdquo; and &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&rdquo;
in this Annual Report.

Trademarks
Service Marks and Trade Names

This
Annual Report contains references to our trademarks
 service marks and trade names and to trademarks
 service marks and trade
names belonging to other entities. Solely for convenience
 trademarks
 service marks and trade names referred to in this Annual
Report
 including logos
 artwork and other visual displays
&nbsp;symbols
but such references are not intended to indicate
 in any way
 that their respective owners will not assert
 to the fullest extent
under applicable law
 their rights thereto. We do not intend our use or display of other companies&rsquo; trade names
 service
marks or trademarks or any artists&rsquo; or other individuals&rsquo; names to imply a relationship with
 or endorsement or sponsorship
of us by
 any other companies or persons.


    
    


PART
I



ITEM
    1.&nbsp;
    


Unless
the context requires otherwise or unless otherwise stated
 references to &ldquo;our Company
&rdquo; &ldquo;Pacific Ventures
&rdquo;
&ldquo;PACV
&rdquo; &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;our&rdquo; and similar references refer to Pacific Ventures Group
Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.



Pacific
Ventures was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on October 3
 1986
 under the name AOA Corporation. On November
12
 1991
 the Company changed its name to American Eagle Group
 Inc. On October&nbsp;22
 2012
 the Company changed its name to
Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.

The
current structure of Pacific Ventures resulted from a share exchange with Sn&ouml;bar Holdings
 Inc. (&ldquo;Sn&ouml;bar&rdquo;)
which
was treated as a reverse merger for accounting purposes. On August 14
 2015
 Pacific Ventures and its stockholders entered into
a share exchange agreement (the &ldquo;Share Exchange Agreement&rdquo;) with Sn&ouml;bar Holdings
 Inc. (&ldquo;Sn&ouml;bar Holdings&rdquo;)
pursuant to which Pacific Ventures acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings&rsquo; Class A and
Class B common stock in exchange for 22
500
000 restricted shares of Pacific Ventures&rsquo; common stock
 while simultaneously
issuing 2
500
000 shares of Pacific Ventures&rsquo; restricted common stock to certain other persons
 including for services provided
and to a former officer of the Company (the &ldquo;Share Exchange&rdquo;).As the result of the Share Exchange
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings.
became Pacific Venture&rsquo;s wholly owned operating subsidiary and the business of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings became the Company&rsquo;s
sole business operations
 and Sn&ouml;bar Holdings&rsquo; majority owned subsidiary
 MAS Global Distributors
 Inc.
 a California
corporation (&ldquo;MGD&rdquo;)
became indirect subsidiary of Pacific Ventures.

Prior
to the Share Exchange
 the Company operated as an insurance holding company and through its subsidiaries
 marketed and underwrote
specialized property and casualty coverage in the general aviation insurance marketplace. However
 in 1997
 after selling several
of its divisions
 the Company&rsquo;s remaining insurance operations were placed into receivership and the Company ceased operating
its insurance business.

Since
the Share Exchange represented a change in control of the Company and a change in business operations
 the business operations
changed to that of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings and the discussions of business operations accompanying this filing are solely that of
Sn&ouml;bar Holdings and its affiliates and subsidiaries comprising of Sn&ouml;bar&nbsp;
IPIC
 and MGD.

Sn&ouml;bar
Holdings was formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on January 7

Trust
 a
California trust (&ldquo;Trust&rdquo;)
 which was formed in June 1
 2013. The current trustee that holds legal title to the Trust
is Clark Rutledge
 who is the father of Shannon Masjedi
 who is the Company&rsquo;s President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Interim
Chief Financial Officer
 Treasurer
The
Trust owns 100% of the shares of International Production Impex Corporation
 a California corporation (&ldquo;IPIC&rdquo;)
 which
was formed on August 2

 and holds

As such

 permitting IPIC to sell its product
to distributors
 with all income
 expense
 gains and losses rolling up to the Trust
 of which Sn&ouml;bar Holdings is the sole

Distributors
 Inc.




 liabilities and any income received
from the business of the Trust and IPIC through the Trust and is the parent company of MGD.

The
Trust and IPIC are considered variable interest entities (&ldquo;VIEs&rdquo;) and Sn&ouml;bar Holdings is identified as the primary
beneficiary of the Trust and IPIC. Under the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) Accounting Standards Codification(&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;)
810
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings performs ongoing reassessments of whether it is the primary beneficiary of a VIE. As the assessment
of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings&rsquo; management is that Sn&ouml;bar Holdings has the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most
significantly impact the VIE&rsquo;s activities (it is responsible for establishing and operating IPIC)
 and the obligation to
absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE and the right to receive benefits from the VIE that
could potentially be significant to the VIE&rsquo;s economic performance
 it was therefore concluded by management that Sn&ouml;bar
Holdings is the primary beneficiary of the Trust and IPIC. As such
 the Trust and IPIC were consolidated in the financial statements
of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings since the inception of the Trust
 in the case of the Trust
 and since the inception of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings
in the case of IPIC.

On
June 12
 2017
 the Company
&nbsp;entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement to acquire Healthy Foods Markets LLC
 a Carson
 California
based healthy food and grocery retailer. The contemplated acquisition of the business was aimed at creating a fulfillment center
bar
products and to create additional and immediate revenue and exposure for the Company. However
 after further consideration and
additional due diligence review of the target businesses
 the Company determined to rescind the transaction and the related purchase
agreements.

Our
principal executive office is located at 117 West 9th Street
 Suite 316
 Los Angeles
 California.&nbsp;Our main telephone number
is (310) 392-5606.



    
    



Description
of Operations of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings
 Inc.



Sn&ouml;bar
Holdings was incorporated in the state of Delaware on January 7
 2013. Sn&ouml;bar Holdings is the trustor and sole beneficiary
of the Trust
 which was formed in June 1
 2013. The trustee that holds legal title to the Trust is Clark Rutledge
 who is the
father of Mrs. Masjedi
 the Company&rsquo;s President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Interim Chief Financial Officer
 Treasurer
 Secretary
and a director. The Trust owns 100% of the shares of IPIC
 which was formed on August 2
 2001. IPIC is the owner of liquor licenses
and the trade name &quot;Sn&ouml;Bar&quot; and is in the business of selling and distributing alcohol-infused ice creams and ice-pops
through its distributors. Sn&ouml;bar Holdings also owns 99.9% of the shares of MGD. MGD is in the business of selling and leasing
freezers and providing marketing services. As a matter of law
 IPIC may not be engaged in any business similar to MGD. As a result
of the foregoing
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings is the beneficiary of all assets
 liabilities and any income received from the business
of IPIC through the Trust and is the parent company of MGD.

IPIC
is a food
 beverage and alcohol distribution company that is initially marketing two products: Sn&ouml;Bar alcohol infused ice
pops
 and Sn&ouml;Bar alcohol infused ice cream and sorbet.

Sn&ouml;Bar
ice pops are original frozen alcohol beverage bars
 similar to popsicles on a stick
 but made with premium liquor such as premium
tequila and vodka and are currently manufactured in three flavors
 Margarita
 Cosmopolitan and Mojito. The alcohol freezing technology
used to produce these beverage bars can be applied to almost any alcohol type and mixture
 presenting significant market potential
and an almost unlimited variety of flavors and employment of premium brands. Each ice pop is the equivalent of a full cocktail.&nbsp;

Sn&ouml;Bar
ice cream is an additional innovative product that the company is marketing using proprietary formulas and technology. These products
are premium ice cream and sorbets that are distilled spirit cocktails containing up to 15% quality liqueurs and liquors. Currently
there are four flavors available: Brandy Alexander; Brandy Alexander with chocolate chips; Grasshopper; and Pink Squirrel. There
are also numerous different liquor ice cream flavors in development in classic ice cream drink styles such as Coffee Liqueur Ice
Cream
 Pi&ntilde;a Colada Sorbet
 Sherry Ice Cream
 and Strawberry Margarita Sorbet. The product contains ultra-premium dairy
and the highest quality of ingredients.

What
makes the Sn&ouml;Bar products unique is the proprietary formulation and method of manufacturing. Sn&ouml;Bar ice pops and Sn&ouml;Bar
ice cream use a system to stabilize the alcohol molecule
 whereby the alcohol content
 quality and flavor is not degraded during
the production process. The technology is also applicable to other food and beverage products such as yogurt
 water ice creations
and alcohol based goods. IPIC has begun the process of obtaining trade secret and other intellectual property protections as to
these unique technologies. The Sn&ouml;Bar brand is fully trademarked within the United States and is currently seeking worldwide
trademark rights.

Sn&ouml;Bar
brand products have been through extensive consumer testing across all age groups and sexes over 21 years of age. According to
the results of the consumer testing
 there is a large untapped market potential for frozen alcohol desserts. Market research shows
that there are very few alcohol infused ice-creams and ice pops available in the U.S. markets and the few that are out there are
of lower quality ingredients and are not mass produced. IPIC holds several Federal and State granted liquor licenses. These licenses
allow the Sn&ouml;Bar product line to be introduced and distributed in 95% of the United States. IPIC desires to be the first
to mass market the Sn&ouml;Bar alcohol-infused products in this untapped and sizeable market segment and capitalize on these two
exclusive products. IPIC only uses the finest of ingredients and dairy to produce Sn&ouml;Bar products and strives to achieve
the highest quality of texture and taste for all of the Sn&ouml;Bar products. IPIC believes that the Sn&ouml;Bar brand has the
potential to scale on a national and international level with worldwide distribution capabilities.

As
of December 31
 2017
 Sn&ouml;bar products are currently being sold in the east coast by our distributor. The Company&rsquo;s
management has been actively constructing an online platform that will allow Sn&ouml;bar distribution on a national level. Please
see &ldquo;Plan of Operations&rdquo; for further detail.



The
alcohol and distilled spirits market
 and ice cream markets have consistently exhibited year-over-year growth
 and are projected
to continue this positive trend. Not only are these products a part of an expanding market segment
 but they have been received
by a wide range of consumers who find them entertaining and enjoyable to consume. The alcohol beverage and dessert industries
are extremely innovative and continuously add new and original products. IPIC has determined that capturing even a small portion
of these markets would surpass the initial production capabilities of the Sn&ouml;Bar products and provide a platform for exponential
growth nationally and internationally.



    
    



In
2012
 the Sn&ouml;Bar brand was introduced in the USA in the state of Arizona. The brand was extremely well received and was immediately
placed in the top chain stores and restaurants
 resorts including Total Wine and the Bevmo Chains. Due to its multiple applications
and uses
 the Sn&ouml;Bar alcohol infusing technology is used to create exotic and innovative cocktails and the most unique and
delicious desserts. Sn&ouml;Bar is one of the only few spirit brands that can offer incremental revenues and not compete with
other spirits currently on the market.

In
2013
 the Sn&ouml;Bar brand was launched in Nevada. Immediately
 the Sn&ouml;Bar products were in demand in all the major casinos
and resorts. The Sn&ouml;Bar brand joined forces with reputable hotels and resorts
 including
 but not limited to
 the Bellagio
Golden Nugget
 Rio
 Wynn
 Encore
 TAO
 Caesars Palace
 Hilton
 The M and MGM. In Nevada
 IPIC&rsquo;s focus is to place the Sn&ouml;Bar
brand within all the venues of the hotels including catering and banquets
 room service
 retail outlets and nightclubs.

Immediately
following Nevada
 the Sn&ouml;Bar brand was launched in the state of Florida
 in cities including Miami
 Tampa
 Orlando
 Jacksonville
and the panhandle. This expansion resulted in Sn&ouml;Bar products being offered by reputable hotels and resorts
 including
 but
not limited to
 Ritz Carlton Hotel
 Fountainbleau
 Hilton
 Waldorf Astoria and The Breakers Resort.

In
2014
 the Sn&ouml;Bar brand was launched in California. Over 100 accounts with retailers for Sn&ouml;Bar products were established
in the 90 day period following the launch in California. The focus in California has been ensuring that the accounts are reordering
product and being serviced and supported properly. Currently
 Sn&ouml;Bar products are being offered by Gelson's Markets and there
has also been interest from other chains such as Ralph's (Kroger) and Costco.

Walmart
the largest retailer in the world
 approved the Sn&ouml;Bar brand to be test marketed in a few stores in the Florida market. The
first store sold out of more than 10 cases of Sn&ouml;Bar products within the first two weeks prompting an 85 case reorder. After
a three month trial period
 Walmart approved the expansion of Sn&ouml;Bar products in to more stores in the Florida market.

In
2015
 the Sn&ouml;Bar brand was launched in North Carolina and South Carolina teaming up with a distributor who is well known
in the market place. The brand has been very well received within the market.

In
the first two months of 2015
 IPIC restructured its approach to distribution of Sn&ouml;Bar products and scaled back the operating
expenditures by reducing its expenses. Most notably
 Sn&ouml;Bar products are now distributed by a local food Distributor in the
California markets resulting in almost a 50% decrease in distribution expenses to IPIC.

On
March 16
 2015
 IPIC entered into a contract that allows for exclusive rights to distribute Sn&ouml;Bar products. The contract
provides for a minimum of two years with options for extensions to distribute the Sn&ouml;Bar products in South Carolina.

In
2017
 the South Carolina distributor expanded the account base for Sn&ouml;Bar and has many successful placements for the brand


IPIC
continues to actively negotiate with other distributors
 both nationally and internationally
 for exportation or distribution
of Sn&ouml;Bar products to various territories.

Ice
Cream and Ice Pops

While
the majority of ice cream sales have long been regular-fat products
 ice cream manufacturers continue to diversify their lines
of frozen desserts in order to fit into various lifestyles. However
 most consumers are looking for an indulgence when eating
ice creams
 which makes these products well situated with its ideal formula of two enjoyable products
 ice cream and alcohol in
an affordable combination.



The
second ingredient in Sn&ouml;Bar ice cream and Sn&ouml;Bar ice pops is alcohol. The U.S. beverage alcohol market is over $400
billion according to The Distilled Spirits Council of the United States. The Sn&ouml;Bar alcohol-infused ice cream and ice pop
products take advantage of the success of the thriving frozen desserts industry and the successful alcohol beverage industry
making Sn&ouml;Bar ice cream and ice pop products a hybrid of uniqueness conducive to the consumer markets.



IPIC
has created a proprietary formula and the methodology and manufacturing technique to mass-produce alcohol-infused ice cream leveraging
production facilities
 warehousing
 distribution
 and merchandising methods currently used for ice cream. Specifically
 the proprietary
formulation and manufacturing method stabilize the alcohol molecules from interacting with ice crystals and milk proteins making
it possible to mass-produce a solid alcohol-infused ice cream that has a flavoring system of up to 15% distilled spirits. To date
Sn&ouml;Bar ice cream is one of the only products of its kind in the U.S.



    
    



The
original invention of these frozen alcohol desserts follows the same recipes used by America's finest bars and restaurants. The
Sn&ouml;Bar products are distilled spirit cocktails that contain up to 15%quality liqueurs and liquors. What makes liquor ice
cream and sorbet different is that the product is solid just like regular ice cream
 not semi-soft or in a milk shake consistency
like one would find at bars and restaurants: These products are ready-to-eat solid or can be blended into a cocktail. While Sn&ouml;Bar
products look like ice cream and frozen popsicles
 the Bureau of Alcohol
 Tobacco
 Firearms and Explosives (&ldquo;ATF&rdquo;)
and Food and Drug Administration (&ldquo;FDA&rdquo;) have classified Sn&ouml;Bar ice cream and Sn&ouml;Bar pops as distilled spirits
due to the alcohol content.

Female
consumers have generally been high consumers of the dessert market; consequently
 males have been the greater consumer of alcohol.
The primary target market for these two products is adult women 21 to 45. An alcoholic-infused ice cream drink would appear to
combine the best of both worlds for the female consumer. Of course
 to a large degree the market for frozen alcohol desserts includes
all adults
 excluding those who have dietary
 medical
 or social/religious concerns. This presents an opportunity for a new innovative
product that specifically addresses both females and males.

IPIC
will market and promote the Sn&ouml;Bar brand utilizing a proprietary manufacturing and freezing method where the alcohol content
and flavor is not degraded during the production process. Sn&ouml;Bar ice pops are frozen beverage alcohol bars
 similar to a
popsicle on a stick
 and are currently manufactured in three flavors; Margarita
 Cosmopolitan
 and Mojito. Both recipes include
premium liquors of blue agave tequila and vodka
 however
 the alcohol freezing technology can be applied to almost any alcohol
type and mixture
 presenting significant market potential and an almost unlimited variety of flavors and employment of premium
brands.

While
Sn&ouml;Bar popsicles are included in the frozen dessert and alcohol beverage category
 initially sales are expected to be driven
mostly by on-premise accounts. While a core-target audience of females 21 to 65 years old have been highly accepting and positive
regarding the product
 our market studies show that the actual acceptance band of the product is much wider
 and that if cost
is not a purchase condition
 most people of drinking age will try one or more.

With
a confidential/proprietary formula and exclusive manufacturing process
 coupled with a focused launch and national distribution
network
 IPIC strives to be the first to market in this unique segment and capitalize on a revolutionary product.

Plan
of Operations

As
of the date of this annual report
 Sn&ouml;bar products are currently being sold in the east coast by our distributor. The Company&rsquo;s
management has been actively constructing an online platform that will allow Sn&ouml;bar distribution on a national level. The
Company&rsquo;s platform is complete and ready to &ldquo;go live&rdquo; and
 with the aim of purchasing inventory as well as increasing
sales and marketing efforts
 the Company seeks to raise additional capital to execute on its business plan.&nbsp; Management anticipates
that it will need to raise at least $250
000 in order to purchase sufficient amounts of inventory in order to launch its platform.

Our
plan of action in the next twelve months is to continue development of the Snobar Product Line and fulfill the current orders
that the brand has in hand from our distributor in South Carolina as well as from other accounts.&nbsp; The Snobar Product Line
will have two fulfillment centers to ship the online orders
 one in California to service west of the Mississippi and another
fulfillment center in South Carolina to service east of the Mississippi. These fulfillment centers are established and ready to
proceed as soon as inventory is purchased.

The
Company&rsquo;s anticipated general and administrative costs can be expected to increase due to additional marketing costs associated
with online sales.&nbsp; Specifically
 the Company expects to utilize marketing and promotions through social media
 radio and
other avenues to create more brand awareness. We expect to continue to utilize independent contractors and not increase the number
of employees. &nbsp;



The
current marketing strategy is to sell products to high-end restaurants
 resorts
 cruise lines and hotels. Additionally
 various
celebrity branding and product endorsements are currently being explored. Initially
 IPIC will focus on major accounts in four
core markets consisting of Southern California
 Phoenix
 Las Vegas and Miami. The larger vision is to sell products in grocery
stores such as Kroger
 Wal-Mart and others
 and thereafter to begin a national marketing program to all U.S. retailers. It is
essentially a top down marketing plan where products are placed with the largest retailer then trickle down to the smallest seller
in each market area.

The
fact that Sn&ouml;Bar products are unique and exclusive
 allows Sn&ouml;Bar to bring new consumers and revenue to our vendors
hence creating incremental growth in their overall sales. A national direct mail campaign to liquor retailers and leading food
service operators will support these efforts. By Sn&ouml;Bar creating a new vehicle for distilled spirits
 many consumers will
be tasting liqueurs and liquors for the first time
 and in the very favorable mixed medium of premium ice cream.

The
initial target market for Sn&ouml;Bar popsicles consists of bars
 night clubs
 restaurants
 resorts
 hotels
 event banquet and
catering firms
 and cruise lines. Negotiations are currently underway with several more Las Vegas resorts and a major cruise line
to initially launch the Sn&ouml;Bar products. Heavy attention will also be given to consumer and trade shows in the beverage industry
to provide exposure and sampling as well as to enlist new accounts. IPIC intends to provide Sn&ouml;Bar products to more major
groceries stores at a later date.



    
    



At
the outset
 the target consumer is 21 to 45 year olds
 predominately females that frequent restaurants
 bars
 and events on a
regular basis. While the consumer demographic is predominantly female
 the slight majority of the purchasers are male for female
consumption. Our marketing studies and strategy have identified these trends and structured promotional efforts accordingly. IPIC
will coordinate and oversee all out-sourced brand awareness and public relations activities. Many of the strategies used will
be replications of the past successes experienced by management and other similar demographically-oriented products.

MAS
Global Distributors
 Inc.
 a California corporation (&ldquo;MGD&rdquo;)
 formed in December 14
 2010
 a majority owned subsidiary
of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings
 is the sole marketer for Sn&ouml;Bar ice cream and Sn&ouml;Bar ice pops.MGD handles all the marketing
and promotional aspect for the Sn&ouml;Bar product line.



While
it is anticipated that Sn&ouml;Bar ice cream will be consumed year round with special holiday flavors and promotions planned
it is anticipated that Sn&ouml;Bar consumption will be strong in warm climates
 specialty venues
 cruise lines
 resorts
 and of
course seasonal occasions.

Raw
Materials and Other Supplies

The
principal raw materials for the production
 storage and aging of distilled products are primarily corn and other grains for whiskies
and other spirits
 agave for tequila
 molasses for rum
 grapes for cognac
 sticks for the popsicles and milk and other dairy products
for the ice cream. IPIC does not currently have any long-term supply agreements with third-party suppliers for the purchase of
any of raw materials used in our products. From time to time
 these raw materials are affected by weather and other forces that
may impact production and quality
 and
 ultimately
 their price.



Due
to the confidentiality of the Sn&ouml;Bar ice cream and Sn&ouml;Bar formulas and manufacturing processes
 IPIC has established
a manufacturing agreement with a large frozen dessert manufacturer and packer in Southern California that is large enough to meet
initial and all anticipated future demand for the Sn&ouml;Bar brands. The co-packing facility can scale to handle worldwide demand
of the Sn&ouml;Bar products. The co-packing facility currently manufactures for such retailers as Trader Joes and Whole Foods.



IPIC
maintains inventory of Sn&ouml;Bar products with the third-party manufacturer/co-packer of its ice-pops and ice creams
 as well
as with third-party distributors of its products. IPIC's products that are in inventory may be subject to spoliation
 theft
 or
other hazards that could adversely affect the financial condition
 results of operations or business of IPIC. While IPIC tries
to take precautions to prevent such occurrences
 the ice pops
 in particular
 require refrigeration to a certain temperature that
if not maintained can cause the degradation in the products consistency. Ultimate end consumers may not maintain their freezers
at the required temperatures which may cause them to believe that there ice-pops have partially melted and therefore they may
return the ice-pops
 requiring IPIC to reimburse its distributors and take such product back in to inventory for possible disposal.
No assurance can be given that individual consumers will be educated in the proper freezing requirements of the Sn&ouml;Bar products.



In
order to scale distribution
 Sn&ouml;Bar will partner with more food
 beverage and alcohol distributors. The Sn&ouml;Bar products
are primarily sold through direct sales forces to distributors. The product delivery will occur through frozen distribution channels.
Transportation of the product from the manufacturing facility to customers will be handled by third parties contracted by IPIC.
IPIC is utilizing frozen warehouse facilities in Los Angeles and Phoenix
 and accounts in Las Vegas and Miami will be shipped
directly to the distributor.

In
addition
 IPIC may sell the Sn&ouml;Bar products through joint ventures with and global or regional duty-free customers. IPIC
may also sell the Sn&ouml;Bar products through governmental liquor authorities in jurisdictions where aspects of the purchase
and distribution of products that contain alcohol are under government control. Examples of such authorities are the eighteen
&quot;control&quot; states (and one county) in the United States and the Liquor Control Boards in Canada.



IPIC
sells the Sn&ouml;Bar products under a number of trademarks
 brand names and trade names that are important to its continued success.
The Sn&ouml;Bar brand is fully trademarked within the United States. IPIC&rsquo;s business could be adversely affected by the
loss of any major brand or by material infringement of its intellectual property rights. The Sn&ouml;Bar products are also subject
to intellectual property risks because existing trademark laws offer only limited protection
 and the laws of some countries in
which the Sn&ouml;Bar products are or may be developed
 manufactured or sold may not fully protect the Sn&ouml;Bar products from
infringement by others.



    
    





The
global distilled spirits industry is very competitive
 and the dessert industry is very competitive. The Sn&ouml;Bar products
compete on the basis of product quality
 brand image
 price
 service and innovation in response to consumer preferences. While
the industry is highly fragmented
 major competitors on the alcohol-side of the business include Brown-Forman Corporation
 Diageo
PLC
 Beam
 Inc.
 Pernod Ricard S.A.
 Bacardi Limited
 Davide Campari Milano-S.P .A.
 Remy Cointreau S.A.
 and Constellation Brands
agen
Dazs and Dreyer's
 which are owned by Nestle and Ben and Jerry's which is owned by Unilever.

Regulatory
Environment

The
production
 storage
 transportation
 distribution and sale of the Sn&ouml;Bar products are subject to regulation by federal
 state
local and foreign authorities. Various countries and local jurisdictions prohibit or restrict the marketing or sale of products
containing alcohol in whole or in part.

The
Bureau of Alcohol
 Tobacco
 Firearms and Explosives regulates the U.S. spirits industry with respect to production
 blending
bottling
 sales
 advertising
 and transportation of industry products. Also
 each state in the United States regulates the advertising
promotion
 transportation
 sale
 and distribution of such products. Many of the key markets for IPIC&rsquo;s business
 distilled
spirits are subject to federal excise taxes and/or customs duties
 as well as state/provincial
 local and other taxes. Sales of
products containing alcohol could be adversely impacted by increases to excise tax rates
 which are considered from time to time
by U.S. states and municipalities and in other key markets for IPIC&rsquo;s business. The effect of any future excise tax increases
in any jurisdiction cannot be determined
 but it is possible that any future excise tax increases could have an adverse effect
on IPIC&rsquo;s business
 financial condition and results of operations.

Environmental
Matters

IPIC
is subject to both U.S. and international laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. In the U.S.
 the
laws and regulations include the Clean Air Act
 the Clean Water Act
 the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and Superfund
(the environmental program established in the Comprehensive Environmental Response
 Compensation
 and Liability Act to address
abandoned hazardous waste sites)
 which imposes joint and severable liability on each potentially responsible party.

Recent
Developments and Initiatives

On
January 31
 2018
 the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the &quot;APA&rdquo;) with Royalty Foods
 LLC
 a Nevada
limited liability corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (&quot;Royalty Foods&quot;)
 and San Diego Farmers Outlet
Inc.
 a California corporation (&quot;SDFO&quot;). Pursuant to the APA
 at the closing of the transactions contemplated therein
(the &quot;Closing&quot;)
 Royalty Foods will acquire substantially all of the operating assets and assume certain liabilities
of SDFO (the &quot;SDFO Acquisition&quot;). SDFO is a wholesale and retail seller of fresh produce
 groceries
 meals
 food and
other food-related goods. SDFO was founded in 2002 and is located in San Diego
 California.

The
Closing is subject to various closing conditions
 including
 among others
 SDFO&rsquo;s material performance or compliance with
obligations and covenants required by the APA
 SDFO&rsquo;s delivery to the Company and the Company's satisfaction upon review
of certain due diligence items
 the Company successfully securing financing to complete the SDFO Acquisition (the &quot;Financing&quot;)
and SDFO&rsquo;s execution of Ancillary Agreements (as defined below). At Closing
 upon satisfaction of each of the closing conditions
set forth in the APA
 Royalty Foods shall acquire those properties
 rights
 contracts
 claims and assets of SDFO (defined in the
APA as the &quot;Transferred Assets&quot;)
 and assume certain liabilities of SDFO (defined in the APA as the &quot;Assumed Liabilities&quot;).
The total consideration to be paid by the Company to SDFO in connection with the SDFO Acquisition will be $1
050
000 in cash
subject to inventory
 accounts payable
 accounts receivable and other true-up adjustments as set forth in the APA.

The
parties to the APA made certain representations
 warranties
 covenants and agreements that are customary for transactions of this
nature (including non-compete
 non-solicitation of employees and no solicitation of an alternative transaction covenants)
 agreed
to certain indemnification terms as set forth in the APA and agreed to enter into certain agreements in connection with the SDFO
Acquisition (the &quot;Ancillary Agreements&quot;).

There
can be no assurance that the Financing and the SDFO Acquisition will be consummated or as to the date by which the SDFO Acquisition
may be consummated
 if at all.



As
of December 31
 2017
 Pacific Venture has one full time employee (CEO) who manages the affairs of the corporation. On an as needed
basis
 the Company hires independent contractors to perform specific tasks related to the Company&rsquo;s business interests.



    
    




ITEM
    1A.&nbsp;
RISK
    FACTORS


An
investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below and the
other information in this report before making a decision to invest in our common stock. If any of the following risks and uncertainties
develop into actual events
 our business
 results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. In those
cases
 the trading price of our common stock could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment.

Risks
Relating to Our Business and Industry

We
are seeking to market and advertise alcohol infused frozen products
 and may not be able to accomplish our goal. 

A
key feature of our growth strategy is to engage in the marketing and advertising of alcohol infused frozen products. Doing so
presents significant challenges and subjects our business to significant risks. For example
 we face substantial competition in
these areas
 and do not have as extensive a history of operating in these areas as some of our competitors. If we are unsuccessful
in marketing and advertising alcohol infused frozen products
 our ability to grow our business could be significantly limited.

The
alcohol and dessert industries are highly competitive and if we are unable to compete successfully
 our business will be harmed.

The
alcoholic beverage industry and the dessert industry are extremely competitive. If we are unable to compete successfully against
current or future competitors in such industries
 our revenues
 margins and market share could be adversely affected
 any of which
could significantly harm our business
 operating results or financial condition.

Our
success depends on certain key personnel. 

Our
performance to date has been and will continue to be largely dependent on the talents
 efforts and performance of our senior management
and key technical personnel. It is anticipated that our executive officers will enter into employment agreements. However
 while
it is customary to use employment agreements as a method of retaining the services of key personnel
 these agreements do not guarantee
us the continued services of such employees. In addition
 we have not entered into employment agreements with most of our key
personnel. The loss of our executive officers or our other key personnel
 particularly with little or no notice
 could cause delays
on projects and could have an adverse impact on our client and industry relationships
 our business
 operating results or financial
condition.

We
rely on highly skilled and qualified personnel
 and if we are unable to continue to attract and retain such qualified personnel
it will adversely affect our businesses. 

Our
success depends to a significant extent on our ability to identify
 attract
 hire
 train and retain qualified creative
 technical
and managerial personnel. We expect competition for personnel with the specialized creative and technical skills needed to create
our products and provide our services will continue to intensify. We often hire individuals on a project-by-project basis
 and
individuals who work on one or more projects for us may not be available to work on future projects. If we have difficulty identifying
attracting
 hiring
 training and retaining such qualified personnel
 or incur significant costs in order to do so
 our business
and financial results could be negatively impacted.

Risks
associated with commodity price volatility and energy availability could adversely affect our business. 

We
are exposed to risks associated with commodity price volatility arising from supply conditions
 geopolitical and economic variables
weather
 and other unpredictable external factors. We buy commodities such as corn and other grains
 molasses
 grapes
 sticks
and plastic for the production
 packaging and distribution of our products. Availability
 increases and volatility in the prices
of these commodities
 as well as products sourced from third parties and energy used in making
 distributing and transporting
our products
 could increase the manufacturing and distribution costs of our products. While in the past we have been able to
mitigate the impact of these cost increases through productivity improvements and pricing adjustments
 there is no assurance that
we will be able to offset such cost increases in the future.

We
rely on the performance of wholesale distributors and other marketing arrangements and could be adversely affected by consolidation
poor performance or other disruptions in our distribution channels and customers. 

Our
alcohol-infused popsicles and ice cream products are sold principally through wholesale distributors for resale to retail outlets.
The replacement
 poor performance or financial default of a major distributor or one of its major customers could adversely affect
our business. Industry consolidation could also adversely affect our margins and profitability. Though large customers can offer
efficiencies and unique opportunities
 they can also seek to make significant changes in their volume of purchases
 represent
a large number of competing products
 negotiate more favorable terms and seek price reductions
 which could negatively impact
our financial results.



    
    



Our
operations may be adversely affected by failure to maintain or renegotiate distribution
 supply
 manufacturing or license agreements
on favorable terms. 

We
have a number of distribution
 supply
 manufacturing and license agreements for our supplies and products. These agreements vary
depending on the particular supply and/or product
 but tend to be for a fixed number of years. There can be no assurance that
we will be able to renew these agreements on favorable terms or that these agreements will not be terminated. Termination of these
agreements or failure to renew these agreements on favorable terms could have a negative effect on our results of operations and
financial condition.

If
we are unable to effectively manage organizational productivity and global supply chain efficiency and flexibility
 then our business
could be adversely affected. 

We
need to continually evaluate our organizational productivity and supply chains and assess opportunities to reduce costs. We must
also enhance quality
 speed and flexibility to meet changing and uncertain market conditions. Our success also depends in part
on refining our cost structure and supply chains so that we have flexibility and are able to respond to market pressures to protect
profitability and cash flow or ramp up quickly and effectively to meet demand. Failure to achieve the desired level of quality
capacity or cost reductions could adversely affect our financial results. Despite our efforts to control costs and increase efficiency
in our facilities
 increased competition could still cause us to realize lower operating margins and profitability.

Our
operating results may fluctuate significantly
 which may cause the market price of our common stock to decrease significantly.


Our
operating results may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors
 many of which are outside of our control. As a result of these
fluctuations
 financial planning and forecasting may be more difficult and comparisons of our operating results on a period-to-period
basis may not necessarily be meaningful. Accordingly
 you should not rely on our annual and quarterly results of operations as
any indication of future performance. Each of the risk factors described in this &ldquo;Risks Related to Our Business&rdquo; section
and the following factors
 may affect our operating results:


our
                                         ability to continue to attract clients for our services and products;

the
                                         amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures related to the maintenance
                                         and expansion of our businesses
 operations and infrastructure;

our
                                         focus on long-term goals over short-term results;

the
                                         results of our investments in high risk products;

general
                                         economic conditions and those economic conditions specific to our industries;

changes
                                         in business cycles that affect the markets in which we sell our products and services;
                                         and

geopolitical
                                         events such as war
 threat of war or terrorist actions.

In
response to these fluctuations
 the value of our common stock could decrease significantly in spite of our operating performance.
In addition
 our business
 and the alcoholic beverage business
 has historically been cyclical and seasonal in nature
 reflecting
overall economic conditions as well as client budgeting and buying patterns.

The
cyclicality and seasonality in our business could become more pronounced and may cause our operating results to fluctuate more
widely.

We
have a history of losses
 have generated limited revenue to date
 and may continue to suffer losses in the future.

We
have a history of losses and have generated limited revenue to date. We expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable
future. If we cannot become profitable
 our financial condition will deteriorate
 and we may be unable to achieve our business
objectives
 including without limitation
 having to cease operations due to a lack of capital.

Our
accountants have raised substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern.

As
noted in our consolidated financial statements
 we had an accumulated stockholders&rsquo; deficit of $5
970
024 and recurring
losses from operations as of December 31
 2017. Our net loss for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2017 was $590
059. We also
had a working capital deficit of approximately $1
306
103 as of December 31
 2017. We intend to fund operations through raising
additional capital through debt financing and/or equity issuances and increased lending activities which may be insufficient to
fund our capital expenditures
 working capital or other cash requirements for the year ending December 31
 2017. We are continuing
to seek additional funds to finance our immediate and long term operations. The successful outcome of future financing activities
cannot be determined at this time and there is no assurance that if achieved
 we will have sufficient funds to execute our intended
business plan or generate positive operating results. These factors
 among others
 raise substantial doubt about our ability to
continue as a going concern. The audit report for the fiscal years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 contain a paragraph that emphasizes
the substantial doubt as to our continuance as a going concern. This is a significant risk that we may not be able to remain operational
for an indefinite period of time.



    
    



We
will require substantial additional funding
 which may not be available to us on acceptable terms
 or at all
 and
 if not available
may require us to delay
 scale back or cease our marketing or product development activities and operations. 

We
will require substantial additional capital in order to continue the marketing of our existing products and complete the development
of our contemplated products. Raising funds in the current economic climate may be difficult and additional funding may not be
available on acceptable terms
 or at all.

The
amount and timing of our future funding requirements
 both near- and long-term
 will depend on many factors
 including
 but not
limited to:


the
                                         number and characteristics of products that we pursue;

our
                                         potential need to expand operations
 including the hiring of additional employees;

the
                                         costs of licensing
 acquiring or investing in complimentary businesses
 products and
                                         technologies;

the
                                         effect of any competing technological or market developments;

the
                                         need to implement additional internal systems and infrastructure
 including financial
                                         and reporting systems;

obtaining
                                         market acceptance of our alcohol-infused popsicles and ice cream; and

the
                                         economic and other terms
 timing of and success of our co-branding
 licensing
 collaboration
                                         or marketing relationships into which we have entered or may enter in the future.

Some
of these factors are outside of our control. We will require an additional capital infusion in order to expand the marketing of
our alcohol-infused popsicles and ice cream to all 50 states. Such additional fundraising efforts may divert our management from
our day-to-day activities
 which may adversely affect our ability to develop and market our alcohol-infused products. In addition
we cannot guarantee that future financing will be available in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us
 if at all. If
we are unable to raise additional capital when required or on acceptable terms
 we may be required to significantly delay
 scale
back or discontinue the development or marketing of one or more of our products or product candidates or curtail our operations
which will have a Material Adverse Effect on our business
 operating results and prospects.

We
may sell additional equity or debt securities or enter into other arrangements to fund our operations
 which may result in dilution
to our stockholders and impose restrictions or limitations on our business. 

We
may seek additional funding through a combination of equity offerings
 debt-financings
 or other third party funding or other
collaborations
 strategic alliances or licensing arrangements. These financing activities may have an adverse impact on our stockholders&rsquo;
rights as well as our operations. For instance
 any debt financing may impose restrictive covenants on our operations or otherwise
adversely affect the holdings or the rights of our stockholders. In addition
 if we seek funds through arrangements with partners
these arrangements may require us to relinquish rights to some of our technologies
 products or product candidates or otherwise
agree to terms unfavorable to us.

Acquisitions
we pursue in our industry and related industries could result in operating difficulties
 dilution to our stockholders and other
consequences harmful to our business.

As
part of our growth strategy
 we may selectively pursue strategic acquisitions in our industry and related industries. We may not
be able to consummate such acquisitions
 which could adversely impact our growth. If we do consummate acquisitions
 integrating
an acquired company
 business or technology may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures
 including:


increased
                                         expenses due to transaction and integration costs;

potential
                                         liabilities of the acquired businesses;

potential
                                         adverse tax and accounting effects of the acquisitions;

diversion
                                         of capital and other resources from our existing businesses;

diversion
                                         of our management&rsquo;s attention during the acquisition process and any transition
                                         periods;

loss
                                         of key employees of the acquired businesses following the acquisition; and

inaccurate
                                         budgets and projected financial statements due to inaccurate valuation assessments of
                                         the acquired businesses.

Foreign
acquisitions also involve unique risks related to integration of operations across different cultures and languages
 currency
risks and the particular economic
 political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries.




    
    



Our
evaluations of potential acquisitions may not accurately assess the value or prospects of acquisition candidates
 and the anticipated
benefits from our future acquisitions may not materialize. In addition
 future acquisitions or dispositions could result in potentially
dilutive issuances of our equity securities
 including our common stock
 the incurrence of debt
 contingent liabilities or amortization
expenses
 or write-offs of goodwill
 any of which could harm our financial condition.

Interruption
or failure of our information technology systems could impair our ability to effectively and timely provide our services and products
which could damage our reputation and have an adverse impact on our operating results. 

Our
systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes
 hurricanes
 terrorist attacks
 floods
 fires
 power loss
 telecommunications
failures
 computer viruses or other attempts to harm our systems
 and similar events. Our facilities are located in areas with
a high risk of major earthquakes and are also subject to break-ins
 sabotage and intentional acts of vandalism. Some of our systems
are not fully redundant
 and our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. The occurrence of a natural
disaster or other unanticipated problems at our Santa Monica
 California facility or manufacturing facility located in Orange
County
 California could result in lengthy interruptions in our projects and our ability to deliver services. An error or defect
in the software
 a failure in the hardware
 a failure of our backup facilities could delay our delivery of products and services
and could result in significantly increased production costs
 hinder our ability to retain and attract clients and damage our
brand if clients believe we are unreliable. Given our reliance on our industry relationships
 it could also result in a decrease
in our revenues and otherwise adversely affect our business and operating results.

We
cannot predict the effect that rapid changes in consumer taste may have on our business or industry. 

The
alcoholic beverage and dessert industries are rapidly evolving
 primarily due to changing consumer preferences and technological
developments. The rapid growth of technology and shifting consumer tastes prevent us from being able to accurately predict the
overall effect that changing consumer preferences may have on our potential revenue and profitability. If we are unable to develop
and effectively market new products that adequately or competitively address the needs of these changing consumer preferences
it could have an adverse effect on our business and growth prospects.

Changes
in regulatory standards could adversely affect our business. 

Our
business is subject to extensive domestic and international regulatory requirements regarding distribution
 production
 labeling
and marketing. Changes to regulation of the alcohol industry could include increased limitations on advertising and promotional
activities or other non-tariff measures that could adversely impact our business. In addition
 we face government regulations
pertaining to the health and safety of our employees and our consumers as well as regulations addressing the impact of our business
on the environment
 domestically as well as internationally. Compliance with these health
 safety and environmental regulations
may require us to alter our manufacturing processes and our sourcing. Such actions could adversely impact our results of operations
cash flows and financial condition
 and our inability to effectively and timely comply with such regulations could adversely impact
our competitive position.

Changes
in excise taxes
 incentives and customs duties related to products containing alcohol could adversely affect our business. 

Products
containing alcohol are subject to excise taxation in many markets at the federal
 state and/or local level. Any increase in federal
state or local excise taxes could have an adverse effect on our business by increasing prices and reducing demand
 particularly
if excise tax levels increase substantially relative to those for beer and wine. In addition
 products containing alcohol are
the subject of customs duties in many countries around the world. An unanticipated increase in customs duties in the markets where
we may sell our products could also adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows.

Our
insurance policies are expensive and only protect us from some business risks
 which will leave us exposed to significant uninsured
liabilities.

We
do not carry insurance for all categories of risk that our business may encounter. Some of the policies that we generally maintain
include general liability
 automobile and property insurance. We do not know
 however
 if we will be able to maintain insurance
with adequate levels of coverage. In addition
 we do not know if we will be able to obtain and maintain coverage for the business
in which we engage. No assurance can be given that an insurance carrier will not seek to cancel or deny coverage after a claim
has occurred. Any significant uninsured liability may require us to pay substantial amounts
 which would adversely affect our
business
 financial condition and business results.

We
face potential product liability and
 if successful claims are brought against us
 we may incur substantial liability costs. If
the use of our products harms customers or third parties
 or is perceived to harm such persons even when such harm is unrelated
to our products
 our regulatory approvals could be revoked or otherwise negatively impacted and we could be subject to costly
and damaging product liability claims. 

The
sale and use of our products exposes us to the risks of product liability claims. Product liability claims may be brought against
us by consumers or other third parties. In addition
 there is a risk that the use of our products could cause our customers to
have an adverse health event. If we cannot successfully defend our product liability claims
 we could incur substantial liability
and costs. In addition
 regardless of merit or eventual outcome
 product liability claims may result in: impairment of our business
reputation; costs due to related litigation; distraction of management&rsquo;s attention from our primary business; substantial
monetary awards to customers or other claimants; the inability to commercialize our products; and/or decreased demand for our
products.



    
    



We
believe our product liability insurance coverage as supplemented by our umbrella insurance policy is sufficient in light of our
current financial condition; however
 we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient
amounts to protect us against losses due to liability.

We
rely on a third-party co-packer
 with whom we co-developed our proprietary freezing technology
 to manufacture our alcohol infused
frozen products.

The
Company developed its proprietary technology with a third party who is also solely responsible for manufacturing all of our products.
The Company is subject to all of the risks inherent in relying upon a third party for all of its products
 including the fact
that the manufacturer only has facilities in Southern California and is subject to the risk of earthquakes and other disasters.
We do not have any other supplier for our products and if anything were to happen to this supplier
 including such supplier&rsquo;s
business failure
 our own business could be materially adversely affected.

Our
business is subject to the risks of earthquakes
 fires
 floods
 power outages and other catastrophic events
 and to interruption
by manmade problems such as terrorism. A disruption at our production facility could adversely impact our results of operations
cash flows and financial condition. 

All
of our products are produced in one location
 which is located in Southern California. A significant natural disaster
 such as
an earthquake
 fire or a flood or a significant power outage could have a material adverse impact on our business
 financial condition
or operating results. If there were a catastrophic failure at our major production facility
 our business would be adversely affected.
The loss of a substantial amount of inventory &ndash; through fire
 other natural or man-made disaster
 contamination
 or otherwise
&ndash; could result in a significant reduction in supply of the affected product or products. Similarly
 if we experienced a
disruption in the supply of our products
 our business could suffer. A consequence of any of these supply disruptions could be
our inability to meet consumer demand for the affected products for a period of time. In addition
 there can be no assurance that
insurance proceeds would cover the replacement value of our products or other assets if they were to be lost. In addition
 if
a catastrophe such as an earthquake
 fire
 flood or power loss should affect one of the third parties on which we rely
 our business
prospects could be harmed. Moreover
 acts of terrorism could cause disruptions in our business or the business of our third-party
service providers
 partners
 customers or the economy as a whole.

Others
may assert intellectual property infringement claims against us. 

We
use alcohol products from other companies in the making of our alcohol infused frozen desserts. Infringement or misappropriation
claims (or claims for indemnification resulting from such claims) against us may be asserted or prosecuted
 regardless of their
merit
 and any such assertions or prosecutions may adversely affect our business and/or our operating results. Irrespective of
the validity or the successful assertion of such claims
 we would incur significant costs and diversion of resources relating
to the defense of such claims
 which could have an adverse effect on our business and/or our operating results.

The
inability to successfully manage the growth of our business may have an adverse effect on our operating results. 

We
expect to experience growth in the number of employees and the scope of our operations. Such growth will result in increased responsibilities
for our management. If our management is unable to successfully manage expenses in a manner that allows us to both improve operations
and at the same time pursue potential market opportunities
 the growth of our business could be adversely impacted
 which may
in turn
 negatively affect our operating results or financial condition. In addition
 we believe that a critical contributor to
our success has been our creative culture. As we attempt to grow
 we may find it difficult to maintain important aspects of our
corporate culture
 which could negatively affect our future success.

We
operate in a highly regulated area.

The
alcohol industry is highly regulated on the national and state levels. These regulations are highly complex and
 at times
 may
even be contradictory. Our failure to comply with these overlapping regulatory structures could materially adversely affect our
business
 financial condition and results of operation.

Changes
in U.S.
 regional or global economic conditions could adversely affect our profitability. 

A
decline in economic conditions in the United States or in other regions of the world could lead to a decrease in discretionary
consumer spending
 which in turn could adversely affect alcoholic type products. In addition
 an increase in price levels generally
or in price levels in a particular sector such as the energy sector
 could result in a shift in consumer demand away from alcohol
type products.



    
    



Current
global economic challenges may continue and a recovery may be slow or reverse
 adversely impacting our results of operations
cash flows and financial condition. 

Stable
economic conditions globally
 including strong employment
 consumer confidence and credit availability
 are important not only
to the basic health of our consumer markets
 but also to our own financial condition. There are presently significant challenges
in the global economy
 including high unemployment rates
 low consumer confidence
 record budget deficits and levels of government
debt
 and fragile credit and housing markets. In addition
 instability in the global credit markets
 including the recent European
economic and financial turmoil related to sovereign debt issues in certain countries
 the instability in the geopolitical environment
in many parts of the world and other disruptions
 may continue to put pressure on global economic conditions. As a result
 consumers&rsquo;
increased price consciousness may endure
 which may affect consumers&rsquo; willingness to pay for premium brands as well as the
overall level of consumption of products containing alcohol
 particularly in bars
 restaurants
 nightclubs and other public environments
where consumers drink spirits. Furthermore
 our suppliers and customers could experience cash flow problems
 increased costs or
reduced availability of financing
 credit defaults
 and other financial hardships. These factors may increase our bad debt expense
cause us to reduce the levels of unsecured credit that we may provide to customers and otherwise adversely impact our results
of operations
 cash flows and financial condition. A prolonged global economic stagnation may impact our access to capital markets
result in increased interest rates on debt that we may take on to expand operations
 and weaken operating cash flow and liquidity.
Decreased cash flow and liquidity could potentially impact our ability to finance operations.

Demand
for our alcohol-infused products may be adversely affected by many factors
 including changes in consumer preferences and trends.


Consumer
preferences may shift due to a variety of factors including changes in demographic and social trends
 public health initiatives
product innovations
 changes in travel
 vacation or leisure activity patterns and a downturn in economic conditions
 which may
reduce consumers&rsquo; willingness to purchase products that contain alcohol or cause a shift in consumer preferences toward
non-alcoholic alternatives. In addition
 concerns about health issues relating to alcohol consumption
 dietary effects
 regulatory
action or any litigation against companies in the industry may have an adverse effect on our business. Our success depends in
part on fulfilling available opportunities to meet consumer needs and anticipating changes in consumer preferences with successful
new products and product innovations. While we devote significant focus to the development of new products
 we may not be successful
in their development or these new products may not be commercially successful. In addition
 global economic conditions or market
trends could cause consumer preferences to trend away from our premium alcohol-infused popsicles and ice cream alternatives
 which
may also adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows.

We
face substantial competition in our industry and many factors may prevent us from competing successfully. 

We
compete on the basis of product taste and quality
 brand image
 price
 service and ability to innovate in response to consumer
preferences. It is possible that our competitors may either respond to industry conditions or consumer trends more rapidly or
effectively or resort to price competition to sustain market share
 both of which could adversely affect our sales and profitability.
Further
 while we believe that our scale
 portfolio breadth and entrepreneurial organization relative to that of our competitors
gives us the ability to outperform our market
 we nevertheless face a risk that a continuing consolidation of the large distilled
spirits companies could cause us to experience competitive disadvantages. Our inability to manage these and other competitive
factors successfully could adversely affect our results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition.

Future
tax law changes and/or interpretation of existing tax laws may adversely affect our effective income tax rate and the resolution
of unrecognized tax benefits. 

We
are subject to income taxation in the U.S. It is possible that future income tax legislation may be enacted that could have a
material impact on our income tax provision. We believe that our tax estimates are reasonable and appropriate
 however
 there
are inherent uncertainties in these estimates. As a result
 the ultimate outcome from any potential audit could be materially
different from amounts reflected in our income tax provisions and accruals. Future settlements of income tax audits may have a
material effect on earnings between the period of initial recognition of tax estimates in the financial statements and the timing
of ultimate tax audit settlement.

Some
provisions of our charter documents and Delaware law may have anti-takeover effects that could discourage an acquisition of us
by others
 even if an acquisition would be beneficial to our stockholders.

Provisions
in our charter documents
 as well as provisions of Delaware law
 could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire us
even if doing so would benefit our stockholders.

Potential
liabilities and costs from litigation and other legal proceedings could adversely affect our business. 

From
time to time we may be subject to various lawsuits
 claims
 disputes and investigations in the normal conduct of our operations.
These include
 but are not limited to
 commercial disputes
 including purported class actions
 employment claims
 actions by tax
and customs authorities
 and environmental matters. Some of these legal proceedings may include claims for substantial or unspecified
damages. It is possible that some of the actions could be decided unfavorably and could adversely affect our results of operations
cash flows or financial condition. In addition
 because litigation and other legal proceedings can be costly to defend
 even actions
that are ultimately decided in our favor could have a negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows. If Tara Spencer
enforces the Labor Commission judgment against the Company for the amount owed
 this may result in a material adverse effect on
our financial condition.



    
    



Historical
financial statements may not be reflective of our future results of operations
 cash flows
 and financial condition. 

Although
we believe that you have been provided access to all material information necessary to make an informed assessment of our assets
and liabilities
 financial position
 profits and losses and prospects
 historical financial statements do not represent what our
results of operations
 cash flows
 or financial position will be in the future.

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock

There
currently is only a minimal public market for our common stock. Failure to develop or maintain a trading market could negatively
affect the value of our common stock and make it difficult or impossible for you to sell your shares.

There
currently is only a minimal public market for shares of our common stock and an active market may never develop. Our common stock
is quoted on the OTCPink Market operated by the OTC Market&rsquo;s Group
 Inc. under the symbol &ldquo;PACV&rdquo;. We may not
ever be able to satisfy the listing requirements for our common stock to be listed on any stock exchange
 including the trading
platforms of the NASDAQ Stock Market which are often more widely-traded and liquid markets. Some
 but not all
 of the factors
which may delay or prevent the listing of our common stock on a more widely-traded and liquid market include the following: our
stockholders&rsquo; equity may be insufficient; the market value of our outstanding securities may be too low; our net income
from operations may be too low; our common stock may not be sufficiently widely held; we may not be able to secure market makers
for our common stock; and we may fail to meet the rules and requirements mandated by
 any of the several exchanges and markets
to have our common stock listed.

The
market price for our common stock is particularly volatile given our status as a relatively unknown company with a small and thinly
traded public float
 limited operating history and lack of profits which could lead to wide fluctuations in our share price. You
may be unable to sell your common stock at or above your conversion price
 which may result in substantial losses to you.

The
market for our common stock is characterized by significant price volatility when compared to seasoned issuers
 and we expect
that our share price will continue to be more volatile than a seasoned issuer for the indefinite future. The volatility in our
share price is attributable to a number of factors. First
 as noted above
 our common stock are sporadically and thinly traded.
As a consequence of this lack of liquidity
 the trading of relatively small quantities of shares by our shareholders may disproportionately
influence the price of those shares in either direction. The price for our shares could
 for example
 decline precipitously in
the event that a large number of our common stock are sold on the market without commensurate demand
 as compared to a seasoned
issuer which could better absorb those sales without adverse impact on its share price. Secondly
 we are a speculative or &ldquo;risky&rdquo;
investment due to our limited operating history and lack of profits to date
 and uncertainty of future market acceptance for our
potential products and services. As a consequence of this enhanced risk
 more risk-adverse investors may
 under the fear of losing
all or most of their investment in the event of negative news or lack of progress
 be more inclined to sell their shares on the
market more quickly and at greater discounts than would be the case with the stock of a seasoned issuer. Many of these factors
are beyond our control and may decrease the market price of our common stock
 regardless of our operating performance. We cannot
make any predictions or projections as to what the prevailing market price for our common stock will be at any time
 including
as to whether our common stock will sustain their current market prices
 or as to what effect that the sale of shares or the availability
of common stock for sale at any time will have on the prevailing market price.

The
application of the &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; rules could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and increase your
transaction costs to sell those shares.

The
SEC has adopted rule 3a51-1 which establishes the definition of a &ldquo;penny stock
&rdquo; for the purposes relevant to us
as any equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share
subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock
 unless exempt
 Rule 15g-9 requires:


that
                                         a broker or dealer approve a person&rsquo;s account for transactions in penny stocks
                                         and

the
                                         broker or dealer receives from the investor a written agreement to the transaction
 setting
                                         forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased.

In
order to approve a person&rsquo;s account for transactions in penny stocks
 the broker or dealer must:


obtain
                                         financial information and investment experience objectives of the person
 and

make
                                         a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that
                                         person and the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to
                                         be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks.



    
    



The
broker or dealer must also deliver
 prior to any transaction in a penny stock
 a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating
to the penny stock market
 which
 in highlight form:


sets
                                         forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination
 and

that
                                         the broker or dealer received a signed
 written agreement from the investor prior to
                                         the transaction.

Generally
brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; rules. This may make
it more difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our stock.

The
application of Rule 144 creates some investment risk to potential investors; for example
 existing shareholders may be able to
rely on Rule 144 to sell some of their holdings
 driving down the price of the shares you purchased.

The
SEC adopted amendments to Rule 144 which became effective on February 15
 2008 that apply to securities acquired both before and
after that date. Under these amendments
 a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock for at least
six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that: (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates
at the time of
 or at any time during the three months preceding a sale
 (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting
requirements for at least 90 days before the sale and (iii) if the sale occurs prior to satisfaction of a one-year holding period
we provide current information at the time of sale.

Persons
who have beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time
of
 or at any time during the three months preceding a sale
 would be subject to additional restrictions
 by which such person
would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of either
of the following:


1%
                                         of the total number of securities of the same class then outstanding (shares of common
                                         stock as of the date of this Report); or

the
                                         average weekly trading volume of such securities during the four calendar weeks preceding
                                         the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale;

provided
in each case
 that we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale.
Such sales by affiliates must also comply with the manner of sale
 current public information and notice provisions of Rule 144.

Shannon
Masjedi
 our majority stockholder
 director and executive officer
 owns a large percentage of our voting stock
 which allows her
to exercise significant influence over matters subject to stockholder approval.

Shannon
Masjedi
 our majority stockholder
 director and executive officer
 will have substantial influence over the outcome of corporate
actions requiring shareholder approval
 including the election of directors
 any merger
 consolidation or sale of all or substantially
all of our assets or any other significant corporate transaction. In particular
 because our President
 Chief Executive Officer
Interim Chief Financial Officer
 Treasurer
 Secretary and a director
 Mrs. Masjedi
 who owns 13
864
369 shares of our common stock
and 1
000
000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock (with 10 votes per share) as of March 25
 2018
 she will be to exert such influence.
This shareholder may also delay or prevent a change of control or otherwise discourage a potential acquirer from attempting to
obtain control of us
 even if such a change of control would benefit our other shareholders. This significant concentration of
stock and voting ownership may adversely affect the value of our common stock due to investors&rsquo; perception that conflicts
of interest may exist or arise.

We
do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock.

We
do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently anticipate that we will
retain all of our available cash
 if any
 for use as working capital and for other general corporate purposes. Any payment of
future dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon
 among other things
 our earnings
 financial
condition
 capital requirements
 level of indebtedness
 statutory and contractual restrictions applying to the payment of dividends
and other considerations that the Board of Directors deems relevant. Investors must rely on sales of their common stock after
price appreciation
 which may never occur
 as the only way to realize a return on their investment. Investors seeking cash dividends
should not purchase our common stock.

Risks
Related to Our Acquisition Strategy

We
can give no assurances as to when we will consummate the SDFO Acquisition
 or if at all
 or any other future acquisitions or whether
we will consummate any of them at all.

We
intend to continue to build our business through strategic acquisitions
 and we expect to close the SDFO Acquisition (as defined
above) in the second quarter of 2018. However
 the SDFO Acquisition is subject to certain closing conditions and other impediments
to closing
 including closing the Financing and others that are beyond our control
 and we may not be able to close on the terms
described herein or at all. See above &ldquo;Business &mdash; Recent Developments and Initiatives.&rdquo;



    
    



We
also intend to pursue and consummate one or more additional acquisitions and to possibly use any remaining proceeds from the Financing
if any
 to fund any cash portion of the consideration we will pay in connection with those acquisitions. However
 such additional
acquisitions may also be subject to conditions and other impediments to closing
 including some that are beyond our control
 and
we may not be able to close any of them successfully. In addition
 our future acquisitions will be required to be closed within
certain timeframes as negotiated between us and the acquisition target
 and if we are unable to meet the closing deadlines for
a given transaction
 we may be required to forfeit payments we have made
 if any
 be forced to renegotiate the transaction on
less advantageous terms and could fail to consummate the transaction at all.

If
we are unable to close the SDFO Acquisition or any other future acquisition
 it could significantly alter our business strategy
and impede our prospects for growth. Further
 we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates to replace these
acquisitions
 and even if we were to do so
 we may only be able to consummate them on less advantageous terms. In addition
 some
of the businesses we acquire may incur significant losses from operations
 which
 in turn
 could have a material and adverse impact
on our business
 results of operations and financial condition.

We
may face difficulty in integrating the operations of SDFO or any other businesses we have acquired and may acquire in the
future. As shown by our acquisition of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings
 acquisitions have been and will continue to be an important
component of our growth strategy; however
 we will need to integrate these acquired businesses successfully in order for our
growth strategy to succeed and for us to become profitable. We expect that the management teams of the acquired businesses
will adopt our policies
 procedures and best practices
 and cooperate with each other in scheduling events
 booking talent
and in other aspects of their operations. We may face difficulty with the integration of SDFO and any other business we
acquire
 such as coordinating geographically dispersed organizations
 integrating personnel with disparate business
backgrounds and combining different corporate cultures
 the diversion of management&rsquo;s attention from other business
concerns
 the inherent risks in entering markets or lines of business in which we have either limited or no direct
experience; and the potential loss of key employees
 individual service providers
 customers and strategic partners of
acquired companies.

Further
we expect that future target companies may have material weaknesses in internal controls relating to the proper application of
accrual based accounting under the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;)
prior to our acquiring them. The Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the &ldquo;PCAOB&rdquo;) defines a material weakness
as a deficiency
 or a combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement of annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. We will be relying on the proper implementation of our policies and procedures to remedy any such material weaknesses
and prevent any potential material misstatements in our financial reporting. Any such misstatement could adversely affect the
trading price of our common stock
 cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information
 and subject us to
civil and criminal fines and penalties. If our acquired companies fail to integrate in these important ways
 or we fail to adequately
understand the business operations of our acquired companies
 our growth and financial results could suffer.

We
may enter into acquisitions and take actions in connection with such transactions that could adversely affect our business and
results of operations.

Our
future growth rate depends in part on our selective acquisition of additional businesses and assets. We may be unable to identify
suitable targets for acquisition or make further acquisitions at favorable prices. If we identify a suitable acquisition candidate
our ability to successfully complete the acquisition would depend on a variety of factors
 and may include our ability to obtain
financing on acceptable terms and requisite government approvals. In addition
 any credit agreements or credit facilities that
we may enter into in the future may restrict our ability to make certain acquisitions. In connection with future acquisitions
we could take certain actions that could adversely affect our business
 including:


using
a significant portion of our available cash;


issuing
equity securities
 which would dilute current stockholders&rsquo; percentage ownership;


incurring
substantial debt;


incurring
or assuming contingent liabilities
 known or unknown;


incurring
amortization expenses related to intangibles; and


incurring
large accounting write-offs or impairments.


We
may also enter into joint ventures
 which involve certain unique risks
 including
 among others
 risks relating to the lack of
full control of the joint venture
 potential disagreements with our joint venture partners about how to manage the joint venture
conflicting interests of the joint venture
 requirement to fund the joint venture and its business not being profitable.



    
    



In
addition
 we cannot be certain that the due diligence investigation that we conduct with respect to any investment or acquisition
opportunity will reveal or highlight all relevant facts that may be necessary or helpful in evaluating such investment opportunity.
For example
 instances of fraud
 accounting irregularities and other deceptive practices can be difficult to detect. Executive
officers
 directors and employees may be named as defendants in litigation involving a company we are acquiring or have acquired.
Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a particular investment or acquisition
 we may fail to uncover all material issues
relating to such investment
 including regarding controls and procedures of a particular target or the full scope of its contractual
arrangements. We rely on our due diligence to identify potential liabilities in the businesses we acquire
 including such things
as potential or actual lawsuits
 contractual obligations or liabilities imposed by government regulation. However
 our due diligence
process may not uncover these liabilities
 and where we identify a potential liability
 we may incorrectly believe that we can
consummate the acquisition without subjecting ourselves to that liability. Therefore
 it is possible that we could be subject
to litigation in respect of these acquired businesses. If our due diligence fails to identify issues specific to an investment
or acquisition
 we may obtain a lower return from that transaction than the investment would return or otherwise subject ourselves
to unexpected liabilities. We may also be forced to write-down or write-off assets
 restructure our operations or incur impairment
or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions
about us or our shares of common stock.



ITEM
    1B.
UNRESOLVED
    STAFF COMMENTS


As
of December 31
 2017
 there were no unresolved SEC comments issued to the Company



ITEM
    2.
    


Pacific
Venture&rsquo;s corporate headquarters are now located at 117 West 9th Street
 Suites 316 and 423
 Los Angeles
 California 90015
where we occupy an aggregate of approximately 655 square feet pursuant to leases. The leases for Suites 316 and 423 are on a month-to-month
basis at a monthly rate of $450 and $330
 respectively.



ITEM
    3.
LEGAL
    PROCEEDINGS


From
time to time
 the Company may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of
business. However
 litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties
 and an adverse result in these or other matters may have
individually or in the aggregate
 a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition or operating results. The Company
is currently not aware of any pending legal proceedings
 other than as set forth below.

On
January 24
 2017
 Tara Spencer filed a claim in the Los Angeles Superior Court against the Company
 Shannon Masjedi
 Edmond Masjedi
and Snobar Holdings (collectively &ldquo;Defendants&rdquo;). The claim is an attempt to enforce against the Defendants a Labor
Commission judgment against International Production Impex Corp. (&ldquo;IPIC&rdquo;) and the plaintiff is seeking $29
102.76.
The Plaintiff&rsquo;s alleged basis for relief is that the Defendants are &ldquo;alter egos&rdquo; of IPIC
 and that they are
not actually independent entities.&nbsp;The Defendants deny all allegations in the Complaint intend to vigorously defend against
this action.&nbsp;

There
are no legal proceedings that have occurred within the past ten years concerning our directors or officers which involved a criminal
conviction
 a criminal proceeding
 an administrative or civil proceeding limiting one's participation in the securities or banking
industries
 or a finding of securities or commodities law violations. Except for Mrs. Masjedi
 who filed for Chapter 7 personal
bankruptcy in 2010
 which was discharged in August 2011
 and Marc Shenkman
 who filed for Chapter 11 personal bankruptcy in 2010
which was dismissed but not discharged in May 2012
 none of our directors or officers have filed for or have been affiliated with
any company that has filed for bankruptcy within the last ten years. We are not aware of any proceedings to which any of our officers
or directors
 or any associate of any such officer or director.



ITEM
    4.
MINE
    SAFETY DISCLOSURES


Not
applicable


    
    


PART
II



ITEM
    5.
Market
    for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.


Market
Information

Pacific
Ventures&rsquo; Common Stock is quoted on the OTC Pink Market
 under the symbol &ldquo;PACV.&rdquo; The following table sets forth
the high and low closing prices for our common stock for the periods indicated. The prices set forth below represent inter-dealer
quotations
 without adjustment for retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission
 and may not represent the prices of actual transactions.





    
    
    


 2017
    
    


 2017
    
    


 2017
    
    


 2017
    
    


 2017
    
    

    
    
    


 2016
    
    


 2016
    
    


 2016
    
    


 2016
    
    


 2016
    
    



Number
of Holders

At
December 31
 2017

430
248




Since
its inception
 the Company has not paid any dividends on its common stock and does not anticipate that it will pay dividends in
the foreseeable future.

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities

During
the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company issued 2
849
551 shares of its common stock to various investors for cash and other
considerations.

During
the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company issued 11
243
333 shares of its common stock and cancelled 4
960
000 shares issued
in the first quarter of 2017 fiscal year as a result of a failure to close an acquisition
 resulting in a net issuance of 9
132
884
(including converted 2
849
551 shares) for services and repayment of debt.

The
Company believes that the offers
 sales and issuances of the securities described above were exempt from registration under the
Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Securities Act&rdquo;)
 in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or
Rule 506 promulgated thereunder as transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering. The recipients of securities in
each of these transactions acquired the securities for investment only and not with a view to or for sale in connection with any
distribution thereof. Each of the recipients of securities in these transactions was an accredited investor within the meaning
of Rule 501 of Regulation D under the Securities Act and had adequate access
 through employment
 business or other relationships
to information about us. The sales of these securities were made without any general solicitation or advertising.

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

See
&ldquo;Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters&nbsp;&#8213;&nbsp;Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans.&rdquo;






ITEM
    6.
SELECTED
    FINANCIAL DATA


Not
applicable to smaller reporting companies.



    
    





ITEM
    7.
MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S
    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS


You
should read the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations together with the audited consolidated
financial statements and notes to the financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion contains
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements are not historical facts
 but
rather are based on current expectations
 estimates
 assumptions and projections about our industry
 business and future financial
results. Our actual results could differ materially from the results contemplated by these forward-looking statements due to a
number of factors
 including those discussed under &ldquo;Item 1A. Risk Factors&rdquo; and other sections in this Annual Report.

Pacific
Ventures&rsquo; current structure was as a result of a reverse merger with Sn&ouml;bar Holdings
 Inc. (&ldquo;Sn&ouml;bar&rdquo;)
through a share exchange (the &ldquo;Share Exchange&rdquo;). As the result of the share exchange
 Pacific Ventures became the
holding company for Sn&ouml;bar Holdings

(&quot;Trust&quot;)

 and MAS Global Distributors
 Inc.
(&ldquo;MGD&rdquo;).

Prior
to the Share Exchange
 Pacific Ventures
 which was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on October 3
 1986
 operated
as an insurance holding company and through its subsidiaries
 marketed and underwrote specialized property and casualty coverage
in the general aviation insurance marketplace. However
 in 1997
 after selling several of its divisions
 the Company&rsquo;s remaining
insurance operations were placed into receivership and the Company ceased operating its insurance business.

As
the result of the Share Exchange
 Pacific Ventures became the holding company for Sn&ouml;bar Holdings
 Inc. and its affiliates

 International Production Impex

 and MAS Global Distributors
 Inc. (&ldquo;MGD&rdquo;).

Since
the Share Exchange represented a change in control of the Company and a change in business operations
 the business operations
changed to that of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings and the discussions of business operations accompanying this filing are solely that of
Sn&ouml;bar Holdings and its affiliates and subsidiaries comprising of Snobar&nbsp;
IPIC
 and MGD.

The
following discussion highlights Pacific Ventures&rsquo; results of operations and the principal factors that have affected our
financial condition as well as our liquidity and capital resources for the periods described
 and provides information that management
believes is relevant for an assessment and understanding of the statements of financial condition and results of operations presented
herein. The following discussion and analysis are based on Pacific Ventures&rsquo; audited Financial Report
 which we have prepared
in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles. You should read this discussion and analysis together
with such financial statements and the related notes thereto.

Basis
of Presentation 

The
audited financial statements for our fiscal years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 include a summary of our significant accounting
policies and should be read in conjunction with the discussion below. In the opinion of management
 all material adjustments necessary
to present fairly the results of operations for such periods have been included in these audited financial statements. All such
adjustments are of a normal recurring nature.

Overview


As
a result of the Share Exchange
 Pacific Ventures through its subsidiaries and affiliates of Sn&ouml;bar
 IPIC and MGD
 offers
solutions within the food
 beverage
 alcohol and hospitality industries. The Company is the trustor and beneficiary of the Trust.
The Trust owns all of the interests of IPIC. IPIC holds the rights of the liquor licenses to sell alcohol-infused ice cream and
ice-pops products and trade names SnoBar. IPIC is a food and beverage
 alcohol distribution company that is engaged in marketing
products
 such as SnoBar alcohol infused ice pops
 and SnoBar alcohol infused ice cream and sorbet. The SnoBar ice pops are frozen
alcohol beverage bars
 similar to popsicles on a stick
 but made with liquor
 such as tequila and vodka. SnoBar ice pops are manufactured
in approximately three flavors: Margarita
 Cosmopolitan and Mojito. SnoBar ice creams are ice cream and sorbets that are distilled
spirit cocktails containing approximately 15% liqueurs and liquors.

The
alcohol beverage and dessert industries are extremely innovative and continuously add new and original products. IPIC has determined
that capturing even a small portion of these markets would surpass the initial production capabilities of the Sn&ouml;Bar products
and provide a platform for exponential growth nationally and internationally. The offering of Sn&ouml;Bar alcohol-infused ice
cream and ice pop products worldwide seeks to take advantage of the success of the worldwide alcohol beverage market and the thriving
frozen desserts market.



    
    



Overview
During the 2016 fiscal year
 the Company confronted significant challenges in the delivery of their products
and services
 primarily as a consequence of changing merchandising and customer preferences for online purchases. Additionally
the Company&rsquo;s primary vendors changed policies with respect to minimum orders
 delivery times and prepayments. The Company&rsquo;s
management observes that shortfalls in investment and financial funding have not been resourced sufficiently to meet sometimes
compressed delivery requirements. Additional funding has also been unavailable to pursue additional geographic markets
 both domestic
and international.

Overview 2017
During 2017
 the South Carolina distributor expanded the account base for Sn&ouml;Bar and has many successful
placements for the brand. Furthermore
 additional funding has also been unavailable to pursue additional geographic markets
 both
domestic and international. Despite such challenges
 during 2017
 the Company continued development of the Snobar Product Line
with the goal to fulfill the current orders that the brand has in hand from the Company&rsquo;s distributor in South Carolina
as well as from other accounts. In addition
 the Company further continued with its strategy of selectively pursue strategic acquisitions
in its industry and related industries
 culminating in the execution of the Asset Purchase Agreement with San Diego Farmers Outlet
Inc. The Company is currently working on satisfying the closing conditions under the Asset Purchase Agreement
 including obtaining
the necessary Financing
 and hope to close the transaction during the second quarter of 2018. There can be no assurance
 however
that the Financing and the asset acquisition will be consummated or as to the date by which the asset acquisition may be consummated
if at all.



The
general marketing strategy is for the Sn&ouml;Bar products to be sold to high-end restaurants
 resorts
 cruise lines and hotels
worldwide. Additionally
 various celebrity branding and product endorsements are currently being explored. Initially
 the focus
will be on establishing major accounts in four core markets consisting of Southern California
 Phoenix
 Las Vegas and Miami. The
larger vision is to sell products in grocery stores such as Kroger
 Wal-Mart and others
 and thereafter to begin a national marketing
program to all U.S. retailers. It is essentially a top down marketing plan where products are placed with the largest retailer
then trickle down to the smallest seller in each market area. Furthermore
 by being quoted on the OTC Pink Market we intend to
raise more capital from the markets in order to realize also the future stages of our growth path and expansion of distribution.

Going
Concern

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming we will continue as a going concern. As discussed in
this Annual Report and in the notes to the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein
 we have
incurred operating losses
 and as at December 31
 2017 and 2016
 we have accumulated deficit of $5
970
024 and $5
327
102
 respectively.
For the year ended December 31
 2017
 we have a working capital deficiency of approximately $1.3 million. These factors raise
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Additionally
 our independent registered public accounting
firm included an explanatory paragraph in their report for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 regarding concerns about
our ability to continue as a going concern.

Our
ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our generating operating cash flow and raising capital sufficient to
fund operations. We have discussed our strategy and plans relating to these matters elsewhere in this Current Report although
the consolidated financial statements included herein do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these
uncertainties. Our business strategy may not be successful in funding ongoing operations and accelerating our domestic and international
expansion
 and if we cannot continue as a going concern
 our stockholders may lose their entire investment in us.

Plan
of Operations for the Next Twelve Months

Pacific
Ventures will need approximately $500
000 to sustain operations for the next 12 months. Our plan is to achieve meaningful sales
revenue from the sale of the Sn&ouml;Bar products to meet our operating needs. However
 it is very likely that we will not be
able to increase our sale revenue sufficiently to meet these needs in time. It is also unlikely that we will be able to satisfy
all of our obligations to pay interest and repay principal in the estimated aggregate amount of $570
800 due and payable within
the next 12 months under the various forms of our outstanding debt. Although we have been able to extend the maturity dates as
well as repayment terms of a substantial amount of such debt
 there is no assurance that we will be able to further extend such
repayments or maturity dates to avoid a default
 as such further extension depends on the consent of the holders of such debt.
If we are unable to make such payments and repayments and unable to extend and delay required payments or maturities of such debt
the holders of such debt will have the right to take legal action seeking enforcement of the debt. If any legal action is taken
against us
 we would face the risk of having to deplete our limited cash resources to defend against such suit or face the entry
of a default judgment. In either event
 such action would have grave impact on our operations. Our ability to continue operations
will be dependent upon the successful completion of additional long-term or permanent equity financing
 the support of creditors
and shareholders
 and
 ultimately
 the achievement of profitable operations. There can be no assurances that we will be successful
which would in turn significantly affect our ability to be successful in our new business plan. If not
 we will likely be required
to reduce operations or liquidate assets. We will continue to evaluate our projected expenditures relative to our available cash
and to seek additional means of financing in order to satisfy our working capital and other cash requirements.

Critical
Accounting Estimates

We
regularly evaluate the accounting estimates that we use to prepare our financial statements. A complete summary of these policies
is included in the Notes to our audited financial statements. In general
 management&rsquo;s estimates are based on historical
experience
 on information from third party professionals
 and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable
under the facts and circumstances. Actual results could differ from those estimates made by management.



    
    



We
believe that of our significant accounting policies
 which are described in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements
 the
following accounting policies involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity. Accordingly
 these are the policies we believe
are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our financial condition and results of operations.

Revenue
Recognition &#8213; 


generally recognized when an agreement exists and price is determinable
 the products are shipped to the customers or services
are rendered
 net of discounts
 returns and allowance and collectability is reasonably assured.

Concentrations
of Credit Risk &#8213; 
Deposit Insurance Corporation (&ldquo;FDIC&rdquo;) up to federally insured limits. At times balances may exceed FDIC insured limits.
We have not experienced any losses in such accounts.

Accounts
Receivable (AR): AR as at the years-ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 were $6
589 and $983
 respectively. For the year ended December
31
 2017
 the Company has no significant sales. Historically
 customer accounts typically are collected within a short period
of time
 and based on its assessment of current conditions and its experience collecting such receivables
 management believes
it has no significant risk related to its concentration within its accounts receivable.

Results
of Operations 

Year
ended December 31
 2017
 as compared to the year ended December 31
 2017

Revenues
the domestic and international

 which is owned by the Trust. Revenue
for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2017 declined to $0 from $2
743 during the comparable period reflecting significant financial
constraints caused by changes in vendor requirements
 mandatory changes in operations and logistics
 and delays associated with
completion of online sales platform
 for a net decrease of $2
743.

Cost
of goods sold is comprised of production costs
 shipping and handling and handling costs. For the fiscal year ended December 31
2017
 we had costs of goods sold of $0
 as compared to $2
020 in the comparable period ended December 31
 2016. The percentage
of COGS against sales was for from 42.4%in to 0% in the fiscal year ended December 31
 2017.

Operating
Our SG&amp;A expenses consist of sales and marketing
 professional services
rents
 and general office expenses (including wages for non-officer personnel). During the fiscal year ended December 31
 2017
our SG&amp;A expenses increased to $463
749 from $358
007 in the comparable prior period
 an increase of $105
742. These increases
were the result of increases in general office expenses of $34
693
 professional services increasing $147
302 between the fiscal
year periods ended December 31
 2016 and 2017. Depreciation expenses remained the same between fiscal year periods as no depreciable
assets were added. Executive salaries decreased from $11
845 during December 31
 2016 to $6
437 during December 31
 2017
 the
direct consequence of non-accruing deferrals from our owners and senior executives. 

Total
operating expenses for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2017 were $486
988
 representing an increase of $113
430
 as compared
to $358
007 for the comparable prior period ended December 31
 2016.

Other
on-operating expenses for the fiscal year
ended December 31
 2017 were $103
071
 consisting of $124
963 in interest expense and an extraordinary items of $21
891 compared
to a loss of $119
640
 consisting of interest expense of $32
063 and an extraordinary item gain of $87
577
 respectively
 in the
comparable prior period ended December 31
 2016

Net
Net loss for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2017 was $590
059
 an increase
of $99
316 from $490
743 in the comparable prior period ended December 31
 2016.

Financial
Condition
 Liquidity and Capital Resources

Fiscal
years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016

As
of December 31
 2017
 we had a working capital deficit of $1
306
103comprised of $69 in cash
 $6
589 of accounts receivable
 and
$1
500 in deposits which were offset by accounts payable of $171
085
 $332
503 in accrued expenses
 $456
914 in current notes
payable
 $353
759 in current note payable to a related party. For the fiscal year ended December 31
 2017 we used $512
034 in
operating activities. Cash provided in financing activities totaled $486
820
 consisting of $465
914 in proceeds from notes payable
$534
196 in the sale of common stock
 $747 in proceeds from related party notes payable. In the comparable prior period in 2016
we had a working capital deficit of $532
400 comprised of $23
284 in cash
 $983 of accounts receivable
 and $1
500 in deposits
offset by $177
475 in accounts payable
 $213
060 in accrued expenses
 $15
042 in deferred revenue
 $26
510 in current portion
of notes payable
 and $26
510 in current portion of notes payable to a related party. We used $559
194 in cash from operating
activities
 and received $584
268 in financing activities
 comprised of $10
000 in proceeds from notes payable
 $261
577 proceeds
from notes payable related party
 common stock sales of $361
976 an prior period adjustment of ($49
285).



    
    



At
December 31
 2017
 we had cash of $69
 as compared to $23
284 at December 31
 2016. Our cash is held in bank deposit accounts.

Cash
used in operations for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2017 was $512
034
 as compared to $559
194 in the comparable prior fiscal
year ended December 31
 2016. Cash decreased $25
215 between periods.

We
had no cash from investing activities at December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2016.

Cash
provided from financing activities at December 31
 2017 was $486
820
 as compared to $584
268 at December 31
 2016.

As
of December 31
 2017
 we had total current liabilities of $1
314
261 and total liabilities were $1
668
082
 as compared to $424
577
and $1
635
958
 respectively
 for December 31
 2016.

We
depend upon debt and/or equity financing to fund our ongoing operations and to execute our business plan. If continued funding
and capital resources are unavailable at reasonable terms we may curtail our plan of operations. We will be required to obtain
alternative or additional financing from financial institutions or otherwise
 in order to maintain and expand our existing operations.
The failure by us to obtain such financing would have a material adverse effect upon our business
 financial condition and results
of operations.

Capital
Resources

Our
principal sources of liquidity have been cash generated by issuing new shares in Sn&ouml;bar Holdings and cash generated from
operations. Management estimates that the current funds on hand will be sufficient to continue operations through March 31
 2018.

In
order to be able to achieve our strategic goals
 we need to further expand our business and financing activities. Expanding market
awareness of the Sn&ouml;Bar products and our international distribution networks
 together with further improvement of the Sn&ouml;Bar
products will require future capital and liquidity expansion. Since 2013
 our shareholders have contributed a significant amount
of capital making it possible for us to develop and market the Sn&ouml;Bar products. To continue to develop our product offerings
and expand our services and to realize an international coverage a significant capital increase has been and will continue to
be required. We have drafted an investment plan and concluded we should enter in the process of raising additional capital from
current shareholders and new investors.

We
plan to continue raising capital in order to meet our liquidity needs. However
 we may be unable to raise sufficient additional
capital when we need it or to raise capital on favorable terms. If we are unable to obtain adequate funds on reasonable terms
we may be required to significantly curtail or discontinue operations or obtain funds by entering into financing agreements on
unattractive terms.

We
do not currently have any contractual restrictions on our ability to incur debt and
 accordingly we could incur significant amounts
of indebtedness to finance operations. Any such indebtedness could contain covenants which would restrict our operations.

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements

There
are no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition
changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital resources
that is material to investors.

Critical
Accounting Policies

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(&ldquo;U.S. GAAP&rdquo;) requires estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 revenues
and expenses
 and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying
notes.&nbsp;&nbsp;The SEC has defined a company&rsquo;s critical accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the
portrayal of the company&rsquo;s financial condition and results of operations
 and which require the company to make its most
difficult and subjective judgments
 often as a result of the need to make estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain.&nbsp;&nbsp;Based
on this definition
 we have identified the critical accounting policies and judgments addressed below.&nbsp;&nbsp;We also have
other key accounting policies
 which involve the use of estimates
 judgments and assumptions that are significant to understanding
our results
 which are described in Note 2 to our&nbsp;consolidated financial statements.&nbsp;&nbsp;Although we believe that
our estimates
 assumptions and judgments are reasonable
 they are based upon information presently available.&nbsp;&nbsp;Actual
results may differ significantly from these estimates under different assumptions
 judgments or conditions.



ITEM
    7A.
QUANTITATIVE
    AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK


Not
applicable to smaller reporting companies.


    
    




ITEM
    8.
FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA


INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

PACIFIC
VENTURES GROUP
 INC.

December
31
 2017




    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of
    Operations for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of
    Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of
    Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
    

    
    

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
    




    
    








Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm







Pacific Ventures Group Inc. (the &quot;Company&quot;) as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the related statements of operations
 changes
in stockholders' deficit
 for each of the three years in the period ended December 31
 2017
 and the related notes [and schedules]
(collectively referred to as the &quot;financial statements&quot;). In our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in
all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31
 2017
 in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.




management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (&quot;PCAOB&quot;) and are required
to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.


PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks
of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to
those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as
well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion.




from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee
and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging
subjective
 or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial
statements
 taken as a whole
 and we are not
 by communicating the critical audit matters below
 providing separate opinions on
the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.





accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern
 which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities
in the normal course of business. The Company has an accumulated deficit of $5
970
024 and a negative cash flow from operations
amounting to $590
059 for the year ended December 31
 2017. These factors as discussed in Note 3 of the financial statements raise
substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are
also described in Note 3. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of these uncertainties.


/s/ Albert Garcia
 CPA





 California

 2018



    
    


PACIFIC VENTURES GROUP
 INC.




    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
25
284

    
6
589
    


 net
    
    

    
1
500
1
500

    
8
158
27
767

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net
27
843
31
838

    
27
843
31
838

    
    
    

    
36
001
59
605

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
171
085
177
475

    
332
503
231
060

    
    
15
042


 notes payable
456
914
1
000


 notes payable - related party
353
759
    


 leases payable
    
    

    
1
314
261
424
577

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
311
821
527
333

    
42
000
684
048

    
353
821
1
211
381

    
    
    

    
1
668
082
1
635
958

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $0.001 par value
 10
000
000 shares authorized
    1
000
000 Series E
 issued and outstanding
1
000
1
000


 $0.001 par value
 100
000
000 shares authorized
    36
430
248 and 27
297
364 issued and outstanding
&nbsp;respectively
36
430
27
297

    
4
300
514
3
722
452

    
(5
970
024
(5
327
102

    
    
    

    
(1
632
080
(1
576
353

    
    
    

    
36
001
59
605



of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


PACIFIC VENTURES GROUP
 INC.






    



    



    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of discounts
    
4
763

    
    
(2
020

    
    
2
743

    
    
    

    
    
    


 general and administrative
463
749
358
007

    
12
807
    

    
3
995
3
993

    
6
437
11
845

    
486
988
373
845

    
    
    

    
(486
988
(371
102

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(124
963
(32
063

    
6
849
    

    
15
042
(87
577

    
    
    

    
(590
059
(490
742

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(590
059
(490
742

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
36
430
248
27
297
364



of these consolidated financial statements.



    
    


PACIFIC VENTURES GROUP
 INC.
Consolidated Statement of Stockholders'
Equity (Deficit)
For the Years Ended December 31
 2017
and 2016



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2014
384
031
    
1
000
000
1
000
3
155
072
(4
806
093
(1
649
637

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
24
974
000
24
974
    
    
(24
974
    
    

    
441
000
    
    
    
325
648
    
326
089

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2015
    
    
    
    
    
(64
552
(64
552

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2015
25
799
031
25
799
1
000
000
1
000
3
455
746
(4
870
645
(1
388
100

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
1
498
333
1
498
    
    
266
706
    
268
204

    
    
    
    
    
    
34
286
34
286


 2016
    
    
    
    
    
(490
743
(490
743

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2016
27
297
364
27
297
1
000
000
1
000
3
722
452
(5
327
102
(1
576
353

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
(52
863.00
(52
863.00

    
2
849
551
2
850
    
    
334
369
    
337
219

    
11
243
333
11
243
    
    
243
693
    
254
936

    
(4
960
000
(4
960
    
    
    
    
(4
960


 2017
    
    
    
    
    
(590
059
(590
059

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2017
36
430
248
36
430
1
000
000
1
000
4
300
514
(5
970
024
(1
632
080





of these consolidated financial statements.



    
    


PACIFIC VENTURES GROUP
 INC.




    
For the Year Ended


    
December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(590
059
(490
743


    activities:
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
995
3
993

    
    
    

    
(5
606
    

    
    
2
020

    
3
000
4
880

    
(19
238
(39
108

    
95
874
(39
253

    
(512
034
(559
194

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
465
914
10
000

    
    
261
577

    
(352
333
    

    
(161
705
    

    
534
196
361
976

    
    
(49
285

    
    
    

    
486
820
584
268

    
    
    

    
(25
215
25
074

    
25
284
    

    
    
    

    
    
25
284

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
49
167
80
619

    
    
    

    
2
850
    




of these consolidated financial statements.



    
    


Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.
Notes to Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended December
31
 2017 and 2016


NATURE
OF OPERATIONS


The
Company and Nature of Business

Pacific
Ventures Group
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company
&rdquo;&ldquo;we
&rdquo;&ldquo;us&rdquo; or &ldquo;our&rdquo;) was incorporated under
the laws of the state of Delaware on October 3
 1986
 under the name AOA Corporation. On November 12
 1991
 the Company changed
its name to American Eagle Group
 Inc. On October 22
 2012
 the Company changed its name to &ldquo;Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.&rdquo;.

The
current structure of the Company resulted from a share exchange with Sn&ouml;bar Holdings
 Inc. (&ldquo;Sn&ouml;bar Holdings&rdquo;)
which was treated as a reverse merger for accounting purposes. On August 14
 2015
 the Company entered into a share exchange agreement
(the &ldquo;Share Exchange Agreement&rdquo;) with Sn&ouml;bar Holdings
 pursuant to which the Company acquired 100% of the issued
and outstanding shares of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings&rsquo; Class A and Class B common stock in exchange for 22
500
000 restricted shares
of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
 while simultaneously issuing 2
500
000 restricted shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
to certain other persons
 including for services provided and to a former officer of the Company (the &ldquo;Share Exchange&rdquo;).

As
the result of the Share Exchange
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings became the Company&rsquo;s wholly owned operating subsidiary and the business
of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings became the Company&rsquo;s sole business operations and MAS Global Distributors
 Inc.
 a California corporation
(&ldquo;MGD&rdquo;)
 became an indirect subsidiary of the Company.

Prior
to the Share Exchange
 the Company operated as an insurance holding company and through its subsidiaries
 which marketed and underwrote
specialized property and casualty coverage in the general aviation insurance marketplace. However
 in 1997
 after selling several
of its divisions
 the Company&rsquo;s remaining insurance operations were placed into receivership and the Company ceased operating
its insurance business.

Since
the Share Exchange represented a change in control of the Company and a change in business operations
 the Company&rsquo;s business
operations changed to that of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings and the discussions of business operations accompanying this filing are solely
that of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings and its affiliates and subsidiaries comprising of Sn&ouml;bar 
International Production Impex Corporation
 a California corporation (&ldquo;IPIC&rdquo;)
and MGD.

Sn&ouml;bar
Holdings was formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on January 7

Trust
 a California
trust (&ldquo;Trust&rdquo;)
 which was formed in June 1
 2013. The current trustee that holds legal title to the Trust is Clark
Rutledge
 the father of Shannon Masjedi
 the Company&rsquo;s President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Interim Chief Financial Officer
Treasurer
 and majority stockholder. The Trust owns 100% of the shares of IPIC
 which was formed on August 2

in the business of selling alcohol-infused ice cream and ice-pops
 and holds all of the rights to the liquor licenses to sell


all ownership interest of IPIC and its liquor licenses
 permitting IPIC to sell its product to distributors
 with all income
expense
 gains and losses rolling up to the Trust
 of which Sn&ouml;bar Holdings is the sole beneficiary. Sn&ouml;bar Holdings
 of selling and leasing



 liabilities and any income received
from the business of the Trust and IPIC through the Trust and is the parent company of MGD.

The
Trust and IPIC are considered variable interest entities (&ldquo;VIEs&rdquo;) and Sn&ouml;bar Holdings is identified as the primary
beneficiary of the Trust and IPIC. Under the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) Accounting Standards Codification
(&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) 810
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings performs ongoing reassessments of whether it is the primary beneficiary of a VIE.
As the assessment of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings&rsquo; management is that Sn&ouml;bar Holdings has the power to direct the activities
of a VIE that most significantly impact the VIE&rsquo;s activities (it is responsible for establishing and operating IPIC)
 and
the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE and the right to receive benefits
from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE&rsquo;s economic performance
 it was therefore concluded by management
that Sn&ouml;bar Holdings is the primary beneficiary of the Trust and IPIC. As such
 the Trust and IPIC were consolidated in the
financial statements of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings since the inception of the Trust
 in the case of the Trust
 and since the inception
of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings
 in the case of IPIC.

Principles
of Consolidation

The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings and its subsidiaries
 in which Sn&ouml;bar
Holdings has a controlling voting interest and entities consolidated under the variable interest entities (&ldquo;VIE&rdquo;)
provisions of ASC 810
 &ldquo;Consolidation&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASC 810&rdquo;). Inter-company balances and transactions have been
eliminated upon consolidation.

The
Company applies the provisions of ASC 810 which provides a framework for identifying VIEs and determining when a company should
include the assets
 liabilities
 non-controlling interests and results of activities of a VIE in its consolidated financial statements.
&nbsp;


    
    


Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.
Notes to Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended December
31
 2017 and 2016

In
general
 a VIE is a corporation
 partnership
 limited-liability corporation
 trust
 or any other legal structure used to conduct
activities or hold assets that either (1) has an insufficient amount of equity to carry out its principal activities without additional
subordinated financial support
 (2)&nbsp;has a group of equity owners that is unable to make significant decisions about its activities
(3)&nbsp;has a group of equity owners that does not have the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive returns generated
by its operations or (4) the voting rights of some investors are not proportional to their obligations to absorb the expected
losses of the entity
 their rights to receive the expected residual returns of the entity
 or both and substantially all of the
entity&rsquo;s activities (for example
 providing financing or buying assets) either involve or are conducted on behalf of an
investor that has disproportionately fewer voting rights.

ASC
810 requires a VIE to be consolidated by the party with an ownership
 contractual or other financial interest in the VIE (a variable
interest holder) that has both of the following characteristics: a) the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly
impact the VIE&rsquo;s economic performance and b) the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant
to the VIE
 or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE.

A
variable interest holder that consolidates the VIE is called the primary beneficiary. If the primary beneficiary of a variable
interest entity (VIE) and the VIE are under common control
 the primary beneficiary shall initially measure the assets
 liabilities
and non-controlling interests of the VIE at amounts at which they are carried in the accounts of the reporting entity that controls
the VIE (or would be carried if the reporting entity issued financial statements prepared in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles).&nbsp;ASC 810 also requires disclosures about VIEs in which the variable interest holder is not required
to consolidate but in which it has a significant variable interest.


SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES


Principles
of Consolidation

The
consolidated financial statements include the Company
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings
 MGD
 IPIC and the Trust
 which was established to
hold IPIC
 which in turn holds liquor licenses. All inter-company accounts have been eliminated during consolidation. See the
discussion in Note 1 above for variable interest entity treatment of the Trust and IPIC.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.

Revenue
Recognition

Sales
revenues are generally recognized in accordance with the SAB 104 Public Company Guidance
 when an agreement exists and price is
determinable
 the products are shipped to the customers or services are rendered
 net of discounts
 returns and allowance and
collectability is reasonably assured. We are often entitled to bill our customers and receive payment from our customers in advance
of recognizing the revenue. In the instances in which we have received payment from our customers in advance of recognizing revenue
we include the amounts in deferred or unearned revenue on our consolidated balance sheet.

Unearned
Revenue

Certain
amounts are received pursuant to agreements or contracts and may only be used in the conduct of specified transactions or the
related services are yet to be performed. These amounts are recorded as unearned or deferred revenue and are recognized as revenue
in the year/period the related expenses are incurred or services are performed. As at December 31
 2017
 the Company has $0 in
deferred revenue.&nbsp; This is comparable to deferred revenue balance of $15
042 as of December 31
 2016
 which was as a result
of prepayment by two of its customers.

Shipping
and Handling Costs

The
Company&rsquo;s shipping costs are all recorded as operating expenses for all periods presented.



    
    


Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.
Notes to Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended December
31
 2017 and 2016


Disputed
Liabilities

The
Company is involved in a variety of disputes
 claims
 and proceedings concerning its business operations and certain liabilities.
We determine whether an estimated loss from a contingency should be accrued by assessing whether a loss is deemed probable and
can be reasonably estimated. We assess our potential liability by analyzing our litigation and regulatory matters using available
information. We develop our views on estimated losses in consultation with outside counsel handling our defense in these matters
which involves an analysis of potential results
 assuming a combination of litigation and settlement strategies. Should developments
in any of these matters cause a change in our determination as to an unfavorable outcome and result in the need to recognize a
material accrual
 or should any of these matters result in a final adverse judgment or be settled for significant amounts
 they
could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
 cash flows and financial position in the period or periods
in which such change in determination
 judgment or settlement occurs.&nbsp; As of December 31
 2017
 the Company has $31
858 in
disputed liabilities on its balance sheet.

In
addition
 on January 28
 2016
 a labor dispute between IPIC and a former employee was ruled in favor of the former employee by
the Labor Commissioner of the State of California.&nbsp; This finding resulted in compensation expenses of $29
103 and an accrued
liability of the same amount on IPIC book for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2017.

Cash
Equivalents

The
Company considers highly liquid instruments with original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.&nbsp;As of
December 31
 2017
 the Company had a cash balance of $69 in cash and cash equivalents
 compared to $25
284 at December 31
 2016.

Accounts
Receivable

Accounts
receivable are stated at net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts.
The allowance is calculated based upon the level of past due accounts and the relationship with and financial status of our customers.
The Company did not write off any bad debts during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 and thus has not set an allowance
for doubtful accounts.



Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost or market value. Cost has been determined using the first-in
 first-out method. Inventory quantities
on-hand are regularly reviewed
 and where necessary
 reserves for excess and unusable inventories are recorded. Inventory consists
of finished goods and includes ice cream
 popsicles and the related packaging materials.&nbsp;As of December 31
 2017 and 2016
the Company has $0 in inventories.

Income
Taxes

Deferred
taxes are provided on an asset and liability method whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences
and operating loss carry forwards and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences
are the difference between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax basis. Deferred tax assets are reduced
by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates
on the date of enactment.

Net
Income/(Loss) Per Common Share

Income/(loss)
per share of common stock is calculated by dividing the net income/(loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock
outstanding during the period. The Company has no potentially dilutive securities. Accordingly
 basic and dilutive income/(loss)
per common share are the same.

Property
and Equipment

Property
and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and includes expenditures that substantially increase the useful
lives of existing property and equipment. Maintenance
 repairs
 and minor renovations are expensed as incurred. Upon sale or retirement
of property and equipment
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are eliminated from the respective accounts and the resulting
gain or loss is included in the results of operations. The Company provides for depreciation of property and equipment using the
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives or the term of the lease
 as appropriate. The estimated useful lives are
as follows: vehicles
 five years; office furniture and equipment
 three to fifteen years; equipment
 three years.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

The
carrying amounts of the Company&rsquo;s financial instruments
 which include cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 and
accrued expenses are representative of their fair values due to the short-term maturity of these instruments.



    
    


Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.
Notes to Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016



Concentration
of Credit Risk

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash and accounts receivable.
The Company maintains cash balances at financial institutions within the United States which are insured by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation (&ldquo;FDIC&rdquo;) up to limits of approximately $250
000. The Company has not experienced any losses
with regard to its bank accounts and believes it is not exposed to any risk of loss on its cash bank accounts.

Critical
Accounting Policies

The
Company considers revenue recognition and the valuation of accounts receivable
 allowance for doubtful accounts
 and inventory
and reserves as its significant accounting policies. Some of these policies require management to make estimates and assumptions
that may affect the reported amounts in the Company&rsquo;s financial statements.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

In
June 2009
 the FASB established the Accounting Standards Codification (&ldquo;Codification&rdquo; or &ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) as the
source of authoritative accounting principles recognized by the FASB to be applied by nongovernmental entities in the preparation
of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;).&nbsp;
Rules and interpretive releases of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) issued under authority of federal
securities laws are also sources of GAAP for SEC registrants.&nbsp; Existing GAAP was not intended to be changed as a result of
the Codification
 and accordingly the change did not impact our financial statements.&nbsp; The ASC does change the way the guidance
is organized and presented.

In
April 2015
 FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (&ldquo;ASU&rdquo;) No. 2015-03
 &ldquo;Interest &ndash; Imputation of Interest
(Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs&rdquo;
&nbsp;to simplify presentation of debt issuance
costs by requiring that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct
deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability
 consistent with debt discounts. The ASU does not affect the recognition
and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs. For public companies
 the ASU is effective for financial statements issued for
fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted.

In
April 2015
 FASB issued ASU No. 2015-04
 &ldquo;Compensation &ndash; Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Practical Expedient for
the Measurement Date of an Employer&rsquo;s Defined Benefit Obligation and Plan Assets&rdquo;
&nbsp;which permits the entity to
measure defined benefit plan assets and obligations using the month-end that is closest to the entity&rsquo;s fiscal year-end
and apply that practical expedient consistently from year to year. The ASU is effective for public business entities for financial
statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application
is permitted.

In
April 2015
 FASB issued ASU No. 2015-05
 &ldquo;Intangibles &ndash; Goodwill and Other &ndash; Internal-Use Software (Subtopic
350-40): Customer&rsquo;s Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement&rdquo;
 which provides guidance to customers
about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If such includes a software license
 then the customer
should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses.
If the arrangement does not include a software license
 the customer should account for it as a service contract. For public business
entities
 the ASU is effective for annual periods
 including interim periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December
15
 2015. Early application is permitted. We are currently reviewing the provisions of this ASU to determine if there will be
any impact on our results of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.

In
April 2015
 FASB issued ASU No. 2015-06
 &ldquo;Earnings Per Share (Topic 260): Effects on Historical Earnings per Unit of Master
Limited Partnership Dropdown Transactions&rdquo;
 which specifies that
 for purposes of calculating historical earnings per unit
under the two-class method
 the earnings (losses) of a transferred business before the date of a drop down transaction should
be allocated entirely to the general partner. In that circumstance
 the previously reported earnings per unit of the limited partners
(which is typically the earnings per unit measure presented in the financial statements) would not change as a result of the dropdown
transaction. Qualitative disclosures about how the rights to the earnings (losses) differ before and after the dropdown transaction
occurs for purposes of computing earnings per unit under the two-class method also are required. The ASU is effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15
 2015
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Earlier application is permitted.

In
June 2014
 FASB issued ASU No. 2014-10
 &ldquo;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting
Requirements
 Including an Amendment to Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810
 Consolidation&rdquo;. The update removes
all incremental financial reporting requirements from GAAP for development stage entities
 including the removal of Topic 915
from the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. In addition
 the update adds an example disclosure in Risks and Uncertainties
(Topic 275) to illustrate one way that an entity that has not begun planned principal operations could provide information about
the risks and uncertainties related to the company&rsquo;s current activities. Furthermore
 the update removes an exception provided
to development stage entities in Consolidations (Topic 810) for determining whether an entity is a variable interest entity-which
may change the consolidation analysis
 consolidation decision
 and disclosure requirements for a company that has an interest
in a company in the development stage. The update is effective for the annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
including interim periods therein. Early application is permitted&nbsp;with the first annual reporting period or interim period
for which the entity&rsquo;s financial statements have not yet been issued (Public business entities) or made available for issuance
(other entities). Our company adopted this pronouncement.



    
    



Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.
Notes to Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016

In
June 2014
 FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12
 &ldquo;Compensation &ndash; Stock Compensation (Topic 718); Accounting for Share-Based
Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period&rdquo;.
The amendments in this ASU apply to all reporting entities that grant their employees share-based payments in which the terms
of the award provide that a performance target that affects vesting could be achieved after the requisite service period. The
amendments require that a performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period
be treated as a performance condition. A reporting entity should apply existing guidance in Topic 718 as it relates to awards
with performance conditions that affect vesting to account for such awards. For all entities
 the amendments in this ASU are effective
for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015. Earlier adoption is permitted.
Entities may apply the amendments in this ASU either (a) prospectively to all awards granted or modified after the effective date
or (b) retrospectively to all awards with performance targets that are outstanding as of the beginning of the earliest annual
period presented in the financial statements and to all new or modified awards thereafter. If retrospective transition is adopted
the cumulative effect of applying this Update as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements
should be recognized as an adjustment to the opening retained earnings balance at that date. Additionally
 if retrospective transition
is adopted
 an entity may use hindsight in measuring and recognizing the compensation cost. This updated guidance is not expected
to have a material impact on our results of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.&nbsp;

In
August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15 on &ldquo;Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) &ndash;
Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&rsquo;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern&rdquo;. Currently
 there is no guidance
in GAAP about management&rsquo;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&rsquo;s ability
to continue as a going concern or to provide related footnote disclosures. The amendments in this Update provide that guidance.
In doing so
 the amendments are intended to reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments
require management to assess an entity&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain
principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards. Specifically
 the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term substantial
doubt
 (2) require an evaluation every reporting period including interim periods
 (3) provide principles for considering the
mitigating effect of management&rsquo;s plans
 (4) require certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result
of consideration of management&rsquo;s plans
 (5) require an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is
not alleviated
 and (6) require an assessment for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued
(or available to be issued).

All
other newly issued accounting pronouncements which are not yet effective have been deemed either immaterial or not applicable.

We
reviewed all other recently issued accounting pronouncements and determined these have no current applicability to the Company
or their effect on the financial statements would not have been significant.


GOING
CONCERN


The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As shown
in the accompanying consolidated financial statements
 the Company has incurred a net loss of $590
059 for the year ended December
31
 2017
 and has an accumulated deficit of $5
970
024 as at December 31
 2017.

In
order to continue as a going concern
 the Company will need
 among other things
 additional capital resources. The Company is
significantly dependent upon its ability
 and will continue to attempt
 to secure equity and/or additional debt financing. There
are no assurances that the Company will be successful and without sufficient financing it would be unlikely for the Company to
continue as a going concern.

The
audited consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of
recorded assets
 or the amounts of and classification of liabilities that might be necessary in the event the Company cannot continue
in existence. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. These
audited consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might arise from this uncertainty.&nbsp;





No
inventories were recorded as of December 31
 2017 and 2016.



    
    



Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.
Notes to Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016


PROPERTY
PLANT AND EQUIPMENT


Property
plant and equipment at December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2016
 consisted of:



    

 

 

    
15
986
15
986

    
39
153
39
153

    
15
687
15
687

    
6
000
6
000

    
2
901
2
901

    
5
814
5
814

    
1
528
1
528

    
    
    

    
(59
225
(55
231

    
    
    

    
27
843
31
838


Depreciation
expense for the year ended December 31
 2017 was $3
995 compared to $3
993 for the same period of December 31
 2016.


ACCRUED
EXPENSE


As
of December 31
 2017
 the Company had accrued expenses of $332
503 compared to $231
060 for the year ended December 31
 2016.


INCOME
TAX


The
Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method
 which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets
and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements.&nbsp;
Under this method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined on the basis of the differences between the financial statement
and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to
reverse.

8.&nbsp;
&nbsp; RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

The
following table presents a summary of the Company&rsquo;s promissory notes issued to related parties as of December 31
 2017:



    
    
    
    

    
150
000
    
122
692

    
500
000
    
231
067

    
10
000
    
10
000

    
10
000
    
10
000

    
10
000
    
6
000

    
16
000
    
16
000

    
696
000
    
395
759


The
following description represent note payable-related party transaction pre-Share Exchange that were assumed by the Company as
a condition to the Share Exchange:

In
January 2011

is now a majority
owned subsidiary of 

note with Mrs. Masjedi
 who is now the Company&rsquo;s President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Interim Chief Financial Officer
 director
and majority stockholder. The note had a principal balance of $150
000 with an interest rate of 3% and has a maturity date of
December 31
 2020. Interest under the note was extinguished in a subsequent extension of the term of the note. The balance of
the note at December 31
 2017 was $122
692.



    
    


Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.
Notes to Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016


On
February 21
 2012
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings entered into an unsecured promissory note with Mr. Shenkman
 who is Chairman of the Board
of Directors and a shareholder of the Company. The note had a principal balance of $10
000 with an interest rate of 5% and is
due on demand. The note&rsquo;s maturity date has subsequently been extended to December 31
 2020. Interest against the note was
extinguished in a subsequent extension of the term. The note had a principal balance of $10
000 as of December 31
 2017.

On
February 23
 2012
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings entered into a promissory note with Mr. Shenkman for $10
000
 maturing in one year at
an interest of 8%. The note has subsequently been extended to December 31
 2020. Interest under the note was extinguished in a
subsequent extension of the term. The note had an outstanding balance of $10
000 as of December 31
 2017.

On
March 14
 2013
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings entered into an unsecured promissory note with a Mr. Shenkman
 the Company&rsquo;s Chairman
of the Board of Directors.&nbsp;The note had a principal balance of $10
000 with an interest rate of 5% and an original maturity
date of March 14
 2014
 subsequently extended to December 31
 2020 with a lower interest rate of 2%/year.&nbsp; Mr. Shenkman also
agreed to make all interest retroactive and deferred.&nbsp;The note had an outstanding balance of $6
000 as of December 31
 2017.

On
June 1
 2013
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings entered into a promissory note with Azizolla Masjedi
 father-in-law to Shannon Masjedi who&rsquo;s
the Company&rsquo;s President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Interim Chief Financial Officer
 director and majority stockholder
 in
an amount of $500
000 to purchase all the shares and interests of IPIC.&nbsp; The note matured on June 31
 2017. As of December
31
 2017
 the outstanding balance under this note was $231
067
 which includes interest and penalty charges.

On
September 9
 2014
 Snobar Holdings entered into a second unsecured promissory note with Mr. Shenkman
 through his affiliate company
Entrust Group for a total amount of $6
000 and a third unsecured promissory note for a total amount of $10
000
 both at an annual
interest rate of 2%. No term was provided for in each note
 but Mr. Shenkman has agreed to a maturity date of December 31
 2020
and the accrual of interest rates and deferral to maturity.&nbsp; The notes had an aggregate outstanding balance of $16
000 as
of December 31
 2017.

As
of December 31
 2017
 the Company had related party current and long-term notes payable of $353
759 and $42
000
 respectively.


NOTES
PAYABLE


The
following table presents a summary of the Company&rsquo;s promissory notes issued to unrelated third parties as of December 31
2017:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
10
000
    
1
000

    
272
500
    
207
500

    
129
000
    
129
000

    
75
000
    
75
000

    
15
000
    
15
000

    
86
821
    
86
821

    
10
000
    
10
000

    
30
000
    
25
000

    
500
000
    
175
000

    
44
414
    
44
414

    
914
321
    
768
735


The
following description represent unrelated notes payable transactions pre-reverse merger between Sn&ouml;bar and the Company that
were assumed by the Company as a condition to the Share Exchange Agreement:

In
February
 2012
 MGD entered into an unsecured promissory note with a certain unrelated party
 now a shareholder of the Company
for a principal balance of $30
000 at in interest rate of 8% per year and maturity date of August 1
 2014.&nbsp; The note&rsquo;s
maturity date has been extended to December 31
 2020 and the interest rate under the extinguished as part of the extension.&nbsp;
The note had an outstanding balance of $25
000 as of December 31
 2017.

On
March 14
 2013
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings entered into an unsecured promissory note with a certain unrelated third party
 now a shareholder
of the Company. The note had a principal balance of $86
821 with an interest rate of 5% and had a maturity date of March 14
 2014.
The note&rsquo;s maturity date has subsequently been extended to February 1
 2020. Interest under the note was extinguished in
a subsequent extension of the term. The note is current and the entire balance is owed and outstanding as of December 31
 2017.

On
July 22
 2013
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings entered into an unsecured promissory note with a certain unrelated third party.&nbsp;The note
had a principal balance of $15
000 with an original interest rate of 5%. Maturity date has been extended to December 31
 2018
and interest rate has been reduced to 2%
 and lender agreed to make all interest retroactive and deferred.&nbsp; The balance of
the note was $15
000 as of December 31
 2017.



    
    


Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.
Notes to Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016


In
February 2014
 MGD entered into a secured promissory note with a certain unrelated third party for $10
000. The note was secured
by interests in tangible and intangible property of MGD.&nbsp; The Company is to make payments of $181 each business day (Monday
through Friday) until the loan is paid off.&nbsp; The effective interest rate on the note is 137%.&nbsp; The outstanding balance
of the note is $1
000 as of December 31
 2017.

On
May 19
 2014
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings entered into a secured convertible promissory note with a principal balance of $500
000.&nbsp;
The note was secured by interests in cash
 accounts receivable
 other receivables
 inventory
 supplies
 other assets of Sn&ouml;bar
Holdings including general intangibles and rights of each liquor license owned by Sn&ouml;bar Trust.&nbsp; The note has an interest
rate of 10% and an original maturity date of December 31
 2015.&nbsp; The Company was to make interest only payments beginning
July 1
 2014.&nbsp; The lender determined Sn&ouml;bar Holdings to be in default and on January 29
 2015
 entered into a mutually
agreed loan modification.&nbsp; The agreement increased the principal balance of the note as of December 31
 2014 to $527
333
and all interest due and payable was deemed to have been paid and the conversion rights of the note were removed.&nbsp; The modification
also removed and deleted
 in its entirety
 all secured interests in cash
 accounts receivable
 other receivables
 inventory
 supplies
and other assets of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings
 including intangibles
 and rights of each liquor license owned by Sn&ouml;bar Trust.
The maturity date was December 31
 2015 if Sn&ouml;bar Holdings is not in default
 the maturity date of the note should automatically
be extended to December 31
 2016 (&ldquo;First Extended Maturity Date&rdquo;). Commencing on January 1
 2016
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings
was to make monthly payments of $15
000 until the First Extended Maturity Date.&nbsp; Assuming Sn&ouml;bar Holdings was not in
default with respect to its obligations as of the First Extended Maturity Date
 the note would have automatically been extended
to December 31
 2017 (&ldquo;Second Extended Maturity Date&rdquo;).&nbsp; Commencing on January 1
 2017
 the monthly payments
increased to $25
000 for every month until the Second Extended Maturity Date.&nbsp; All accrued but unpaid interest
 charges and
the remaining principal balance of the note was fully due and payable on the Second Extended Maturity Date. In January of 2016
the company decided to enter into renegotiation period for the repayment terms of the modification dated January 29
 2015. As
a result of the renegotiation with the note holder

The
following description represents unrelated note payable transactions post-merger between Sn&ouml;bar and the Company:

On
February 13
 2017
 the Company entered a settlement agreement with one of its creditors for $527
333 of its long-term notes payable.
The agreement called for issuance of 400
000 restricted shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock and $200
000 in future cash
payment comprising of $25
000 on March 31
 2017
 $25
000 on March 31
 2018
 $25
000 on March 31
 2019
 and $125
000 on March 31
2020.&nbsp; As of March 10
 2017
 the Company issued to the creditor
 400
000 restricted shares of the Company&rsquo;s common
stock
 and also paid the $25
000 for the required March 31
 2017 cash payment. The $25
000 payment due in 2018 was paid to JRSR26
on March 1
 2018. The balance of the note as of December 31
 2017 is $175
000.

Effective
September 30
 2015
 the Company entered into amended promissory notes with a certain unrelated third party in an amount of $272
500
one for $172
500
 and two others for $50
000 each. All of the notes have an interest rate of 8% and had a maturity date of August
13
 2017
 but have been extended to November 15
 2017 for a fee of $15
000. The notes had a principal outstanding balance of $207
500
as of December 31
 2017.

In
September of 2017
 the Company entered into a financing arrangement with a lending institution pursuant to which the Company borrowed
a principal of $129
000 secured by shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock.

On
July 12
 2017
 the issued a Convertible Promissory Note to JSJ Investments Inc. for total gross proceeds of $75
000. The note
is convertible at any time after the issuance date
 bears interest at 12% and matures on April 12
 2018.

As
of December 31
 2017
 the Company had short-term notes payable of $456
914 and long-term notes payable of $311
821.


STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo;
EQUITY


Share
Exchange

On
August 14
 2015
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings entered into the Share Exchange Agreement with the Company and Sn&ouml;bar Holdings&rsquo;
shareholders (the &ldquo;Sn&ouml;bar Shareholders&rdquo;) who held of record (i) at least 99% and up to 100% of the total issued
and outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock and (ii)&nbsp;100% of the total issued and outstanding shares of Class B Common
Stock
 of Sn&ouml;bar Holding. In accordance with the terms and provisions of the Share Exchange Agreement
 the Company acquired
all of the issued and outstanding shares of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings&rsquo; Class A and Class B Common Stock from Sn&ouml;bar Shareholders
with Sn&ouml;bar Holdings becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company
 in exchange for the issuance to the Sn&ouml;bar Shareholders
of 22
500
000 shares of restricted common stock of the Company and the issuance of 2
500
000 restricted shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock to certain other persons (as set forth below).

The
2
500
000 restricted shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock were issued for the following: 600
000 shares were issued for
services for a total of $326
900 of non-cash expenses; a former officer of the Company received 1
000
000 shares in exchange for
his 1
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s Series E Preferred Stock; and 900
000 shares were issued to extinguish $21
675 of
debt due to a former officer and shareholder of the Company.&nbsp;



    
    



Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.
Notes to Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016

Common
Stock and Preferred Stock

The
Company is authorized to issue up to 10
000
000 shares of its preferred stock
 $0.001 par value per share.&nbsp;Effective as of
October 2016
 the Company designated 1
000
000 shares of preferred stock as Series E Preferred Stock (the &ldquo;Series E Preferred
Stock&rdquo;). Under the rights
 preferences and privileges of the Series E Preferred Stock
 for every share of Series E Preferred
Stock held
 the holder thereof has the voting rights equal to 10 shares of common stock.&nbsp;The Series E Preferred Stock is
not convertible into any class of stock of the Company and has no preferences to&nbsp;dividends or liquidation rights.&nbsp;As
of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 there were 1
000
000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock issued and outstanding.

From
January 1
 2017 through December 31
 2017
 the Company issued 2
849
551 shares of its common stock to various investors for
cash and other considerations.

From
January 1
 2017 through December 31
 2017
 the Company issued 11
243
333 shares of its common stock and cancelled 4
960
000
shares issued in the first quarter of 2017 fiscal year as a result of a failure to close an acquisition
 resulting in a net
issuance of 9
132
884 (including converted 2
849
551 shares) for services and repayment of debt.

The
Company is authorized to issue up to 100
000
000 shares of its common stock
 $0.001 par value per share.&nbsp;Holders of common
stock have one vote per share. As of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 there were 36
430
248 and 27
297
364 shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock issued and outstanding
 respectively.&nbsp;


COMMITMENTS
CONTINGENCIES AND UNCERTAINTIES


Operating
Lease

The
Company is currently obligated under two operating leases for office spaces and associated building expenses.&nbsp;Both leases
are on a month-to-month basis at a monthly rate of $450 and $330
 respectively.


EQUITY
INCENTIVE PLAN


On
November 3
 2017
 the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors approved the Company&rsquo;s 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;2017
Plan&rdquo;)
 which reserves a total of 1
500
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock for issuance under the 2017 Plan.
Incentive awards authorized under the 2017 Plan include
 but are not limited to
 incentive stock options within the meaning of
Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended
 subject to the approval of the 2017 Plan by the Company&rsquo;s
stockholders. If an incentive award granted under the 2017 Plan expires
 terminates
 is unexercised or is forfeited
 or if any
shares are surrendered to us in connection with the exercise of an incentive award
 the shares subject to such award and the surrendered
shares will become available for further awards under the 2017 Plan. All of the shares under the 2017 Plan were registered in
the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 21
 2017
(the &ldquo;Form S-8&rdquo;).

In
December 2017
 the Company issued 1
240
000 shares of its common stock under the 2017 Plan and pursuant to the Form S-8 to a certain
consultant in settlement of amounts owed by the Company for services provided by such consultant. As of December 31
 2017
 other
than such issuance
have been issued under the 2017
Plan.&nbsp;


SUBSEQUENT
EVENTS


ASC
855-16-50-4 establishes accounting and disclosure requirements for subsequent events. ASC 855 details the period after the balance
sheet date during which we should evaluate events or transactions that occur for potential recognition or disclosure in the financial
statements
 the circumstances under which we should recognize events or transactions occurring after the balance sheet date in
its financial statements and the required disclosures for such events.

The
Company has evaluated all subsequent events through the date these consolidated financial statements were issued
 and determined
the following are material to disclose.

On
January 31
 2018
 the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;APA&rdquo;) with Royalty Foods
 LLC
 a Nevada
limited liability corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (&ldquo;Royalty Foods&rdquo;)
 and San Diego Farmers
Outlet
 Inc.
 a California corporation (&ldquo;SDFO&quot;). Pursuant to the APA
 at the closing of the transactions contemplated
therein (the &ldquo;Closing&rdquo;)
 Royalty Foods agreed to acquire substantially all of the operating assets and assume certain
liabilities of SDFO (the &ldquo;Asset Purchase&rdquo;). SDFO is a wholesale and retail seller of fresh produce
 groceries
 meals
food and other food-related goods. SDFO was founded in 2002 and is located in San Diego
 California.

The
Closing is subject to various closing conditions
 including
 among others
 SDFO&rsquo;s material performance or compliance with
obligations and covenants required by the APA
 SDFO&rsquo;s delivery to the Company and the Company's satisfaction upon review
of certain due diligence items
 the Company successfully securing financing to complete the Asset Purchase (the &ldquo;Financing&rdquo;)
and SDFO&rsquo;s execution of Ancillary Agreements (as defined below). At Closing
 upon satisfaction of each of the closing conditions
set forth in the Agreement
 Royalty Foods agreed to acquire those properties
 rights
 contracts
 claims and assets of SDFO (defined
in the Agreement as the &ldquo;Transferred Assets&rdquo;)
 and assume certain liabilities of SDFO (defined in the Agreement as
the &ldquo;Assumed Liabilities&rdquo;). The total consideration to be paid by the Company to SDFO under the APA is $1
050
000
in cash
 subject to inventory
 accounts payable
 accounts receivable and other true-up adjustments as set forth in the APA.

There
can be no assurance that the Financing and the Asset Purchase will be consummated or as to the date by which the Asset Purchase
may be consummated
 if at all.



    
    





ITEM
    9.
CHANGES
    IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE






ITEM
    9A.
CONTROLS
    AND PROCEDURES


Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our
management
 under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer performed an evaluation (the
&ldquo;Evaluation&rdquo;) of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Disclosure controls and procedures include
 without
limitation
 controls and procedures designed to provide a reasonable level of assurance that information required to be disclosed
by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the
time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms
 and is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our
principal executive and principal financial officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on that evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded
that
 as of December 31
 2017
 due to the presence of material weaknesses described below
 our disclosure controls and procedures
were ineffective because of the material weaknesses described below.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing
 there can be no assurance that our disclosure controls and procedures will detect or uncover all failures of persons
within our Company and our consolidated subsidiaries to disclose material information otherwise required to be set forth in our
periodic reports. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures
 including
the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures. Accordingly
 even effective
disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance of achieving their control objectives.

Management&rsquo;s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting for our Company. Internal
control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed
by
 or under the supervision of
 our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our board of directors
management and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies
and procedures that:



    
    
Pertain
    to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
    the assets of the company;

    
    
    

    
    
Provide
    reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
    with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance
    with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and

    
    
    

    
    
Provide
    reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of the company&rsquo;s
    assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


Because
of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Internal
control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its
inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and
is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failure. Internal control over financial reporting can also
be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because of such limitations
 there is a risk that material misstatements
may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However
 these inherent limitations
are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore
 it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce
though not eliminate
 this risk.

We
assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2017. In making this assessment
our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;) of the Treadway Commission&rsquo;s
Internal Control-Integrated Framework. As a result of this assessment
 we have determined that our internal control over financial
reporting was ineffective as of December 31
 2017. We had neither the resources
 nor the personnel
 to provide an adequate control
environment. The following material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting continued to exist at December
31
 2017:



    
    
we
    do not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. Written documentation of key internal controls
    over financial reporting is a requirement of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act;




    
    




    
    
we
    outsourced the functions of the principal financial officer on an interim basis to assist us in implementing the necessary
    financial controls over the financial reporting and the utilization of internal management and staff to effectuate these controls;

    
    
    

    
    
we
    do not have sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions
 which is a basic internal control. Due to our limited
    size and early stage nature of operations
 segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible and may not be
    economically feasible; however
 to the extent possible
 the initiation of transactions
 the custody of assets and the recording
    of transactions should be performed by separate individuals;

    
    
    

    
    
we
    do not have an independent audit committee of our board of directors; and

    
    
    

    
    
there
    is insufficient monitoring and review controls over the financial reporting closing process
 including the lack of individuals
    with current knowledge of GAAP that led to the restatement of our previously issued financial statements.


We
believe that these material weaknesses primarily relate
 in part
 to our lack of sufficient staff with appropriate training in
GAAP and SEC rules and regulations with respect to financial reporting functions
 and the lack of robust accounting systems
 as
well as the lack of sufficient resources to hire such staff and implement these accounting systems.

Pending
obtaining sufficient resources to implement these measures
 we plan to take a number of actions to correct these material weaknesses
including
 but not limited to
 establishing an audit committee of our board of directors comprised of three independent directors
adding experienced accounting and financial personnel and retaining third-party consultants to review our internal controls and
recommend improvements. However
 we may need to take additional measures to fully mitigate these issues
 and the measures we have
taken
 and expect to take
 to improve our internal controls may not be sufficient to (1) address the issues identified
 (2) ensure
that our internal controls are effective or (3) ensure that the identified material weakness or other material weaknesses will
not result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements.

It
should be noted that any system of controls
 however well designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable and not absolute
assurance that the objectives of the system are met. In addition
 the design of any control system is based in part upon certain
assumptions about the likelihood of certain events. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control systems
 there
can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions
 regardless
of how remote.

Attestation
Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Our management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting
firm pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act that permanently exempted smaller reporting companies from the auditor attestation requirement.

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

An
evaluation was performed under the supervision of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial
Officer
 of whether any change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) occurred during the quarter ended December 31
 2017. Based on that evaluation
 our management
 including our Chief
Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer
 concluded that there were no changes in our internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the fourth fiscal quarter ended December 31
 2017 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably
likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.

CEO
and CFO Certifications

Exhibits
31.1 and 31.2 to this Annual Report are the Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and the Interim Chief Financial Officer
respectively. These Certifications are required in accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (the &ldquo;Section 302
Certifications&rdquo;). This Item 9A. of this Annual Report
 which you are currently reading
 is the information concerning the
Evaluation referred to above and in the Section 302 Certifications and this information should be read in conjunction with the
Section 302 Certifications for a more complete understanding of the topics presented.




ITEM
    9B.
OTHER
    INFORMATION





    
    


PART
III



ITEM
    10.
DIRECTORS
    EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


Officers
and Board of Directors

The
following individuals serve as executive officers and directors of Pacific Ventures as of March 28
 2018:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Interim Chief Financial Officer
 Secretary and Director

    
    
    

    
    
    


(1)
In October
 2017
 Mrs. Masjedi was appointed as the Company&rsquo;s Interim Chief Financial Officer.

Our
directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until
removed from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until
removed by the board. All officers and directors listed above will remain in office until the next annual meeting of our stockholders
and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. There are no agreements with respect to the election of Directors.
Our Board of Directors appoints officers annually and each Executive Officer serves at the discretion of our Board of Directors.

At
this time
 we do not have any written employment agreement or other formal compensation agreements with our new officers and directors.
Compensation arrangements are the subject of ongoing development and we will make appropriate additional disclosures as they are
further developed and formalized.

Marc
. Mr. Shenkman
 as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Pacific Ventures
 is responsible for
 among other
things
 the general oversight of the affairs of Pacific Ventures
 has corporate oversight of all of its business
 including
implementation of long term plans
 and preside when present at all meetings of the stockholders and the Board of Directors.
Mr. Shenkman has served as a director of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings since January 2013. From year 2000 to present
 Mr. Shenkman
worked as the President of Priority Financial Network. Priority Financial Network is a mortgage brokerage company that closed
over$2 billion in FHA
and&ldquo;A&rdquo;through&ldquo;D&rdquo;residential and commercial loans over the past several years.
While working at Priority Financial Network
 Mr. Shenkman has been producing personal loans in the range of$60 million to
$100 million per year and managing over 89 employees and loan officers. Mr. Shenkman graduated from the University of Vermont
with a Bachelor of Arts in Economics and a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science. Mr. Shenkman brings knowledge
and experience in the banking and financial industries. His experience in the financial markets will help Pacific Ventures
Group navigate in the public marketplace. Mr. Shenkman does not hold
 and has not previously held
 any directorships in any
other reporting companies. Mr. Shenkman was a member of Raynol LLC which filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in May 2010
which bankruptcy was dismissed (not discharged) in May 2012.

Shannon
. Mrs. Masjedi
 as President
 Chief Executive Officer and Secretary of Pacific Ventures
 will be responsible for
among other things
 subject to the supervision and direction of the Board of Directors of Pacific Ventures
 the general management
and control of its specified day-to-day business operations
 and implementing its short and long term plans
 and
 as Secretary
of Pacific Ventures
 will be responsible for
 among other things
 attending all meeting of the stockholders
 the Board
 and
 as
required
 committees of the Board and recording all the proceedings of such meetings in books to be kept for that purpose.

Mrs.
Masjedi has served as a director and Chairman of the Board of Directors
 Chief Executive Officer
 President
 Vice President
 Treasurer
Chief Financial Officer
 Secretary of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings since January 2013. From June 1
 2010 to present
 Mrs. Masjedi worked
as a director of operations for IPIC
 where she implemented all current operating platforms including development of Sn&ouml;Bar
product line
 packaging and research and development and oversaw all day-to-day operations of IPIC as well as managing all the
contractors of IPIC. Mrs. Masjedi was in charge of all compliance and regulatory issues for IPIC and obtained all necessary licenses
for IPIC to distribute and export products worldwide.

Mrs.
Masjedi attended Arizona State University where she studied Aeronautical Technology. Mrs. Masjedi also attended flight school
and obtained her pilots license. Mrs. Masjedi has had extensive experience with creating the distribution platform for the Sn&ouml;Bar
product line in the alcohol industry. Her knowledge in the frozen ice cream category and alcohol category combined make her indispensible
to Pacific Ventures. Mrs. Masjedi has long standing relationships within these industries which allow Snobar products to be distributed
efficiently. Mrs. Masjedi does not hold
 and has not previously held
 any directorships in any other reporting companies. In 2010
Mrs. Masjedi filed for Chapter 7 personal bankruptcy
 which was discharged in August 2011.



    
    



Committees
of our Board of Directors

Our
securities are not quoted on an exchange that has requirements that a majority of our Board members be independent and we are
not currently otherwise subject to any law
 rule or regulation requiring that all or any portion of our Board of Directors include
&ldquo;independent&rdquo; directors
 nor are we required to establish or maintain an Audit Committee or other committee of our
Board of Directors.

We
have not established any committees
 including an Audit Committee
 a Compensation Committee or a Nominating Committee
 any committee
performing a similar function. The functions of those committees are being undertaken by Board of Directors as a whole.&nbsp;&nbsp;Because
we have only three directors
 none of whom are independent
 we believe that the establishment of these committees would be more
form over substance.

We
do not have a policy regarding the consideration of any director candidates which may be recommended by our stockholders
 including
the minimum qualifications for director candidates
 nor has our Board of Directors established a process for identifying and evaluating
director nominees. We have not adopted a policy regarding the handling of any potential recommendation of director candidates
by our stockholders
 including the procedures to be followed.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our Board has not considered or adopted any of these
policies as we have never received a recommendation from any stockholder for any candidate to serve on our Board of Directors.&nbsp;&nbsp;Given
our relative size and lack of directors and officers insurance coverage
 we do not anticipate that any of our stockholders will
make such a recommendation in the near future. While there have been no nominations of additional directors proposed
 in the event
such a proposal is made
 all members of our Board will participate in the consideration of director nominees.&nbsp;&nbsp;In considering
a director nominee
 it is likely that our Board will consider the professional and/or educational background of any nominee with
a view towards how this person might bring a different viewpoint or experience to our Board.

None
of our directors is an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert&rdquo; within the meaning of Item 401(e) of Regulation S-K. In
general
 an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert&rdquo; is an individual member of the audit committee or Board of Directors
who:




    
    
understands generally U.S. GAAP and financial statements


    
    
is able to assess the general application of such principles in connection with accounting for estimates
 accruals and reserves


    
    
has experience preparing
 auditing
 analyzing or evaluating financial statements comparable to the breadth and complexity to our financial statements


    
    
understands internal controls over financial reporting
 and

    
    
    



Indemnification
of Directors and Officers

Section
145 of the Delaware Corporation Law provides in relevant parts as follows:

(1)
A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened
pending
 or completed action
 suit
 or proceeding
 whether civil
 criminal
 administrative
 or investigative (other than an action
by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that he is or was a director
 officer
 employee
 or agent of the
corporation
 or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director
 officer
 employee
 or agent of another corporation
partnership
 joint venture
 trust
 or other enterprise
 against expenses (including attorneys&rsquo; fees)
 judgments
 fines
and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action
 suit
 or proceeding if
he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation
and
 with respect to any criminal action or proceeding
 had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination
of any action
 suit
 or proceeding by judgment
 order
 settlement
 conviction
 or on a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent
shall not
 of itself
 create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed
to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation
 and with respect to any criminal action or proceeding
 had reasonable
cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.

(2)
A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened
pending
 or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the
fact that he is or was a director
 officer
 employee
 or agent of the corporation
 or is or was serving at the request of the
corporation as a director
 officer
 employee
 or agent of another corporation
 partnership
 joint venture
 trust
 or other enterprise
against expenses (including attorneys&rsquo; fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement
of such action or suit if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests
of the corporation and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim
 issue
 or matter as to which such
person shall have been adjudged to be liable for negligence or misconduct in the performance of his duty to the corporation unless
and only to the extent that the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine on application that
 despite the
adjudication of liability but in view of all circumstances of the case
 such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity
for such expenses which such court shall deem proper.

(3)
To the extent that a director
 officer
 employee
 or agent of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in
defense of any action
 suit
 or proceeding referred to in (1) or (2) of this subsection
 or in defense of any claim
 issue or
matter therein
 he shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in
connection therewith.



    
    



(4)
The indemnification provided by this section shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification
may be entitled under any bylaws
 agreement
 vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise
 both as to action in
his official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office
 and shall continue as to a person who has
ceased to be a director
 officer
 employee
 or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs
 executors
 and administrators
of such a person.

The
foregoing discussion of indemnification merely summarizes certain aspects of indemnification provisions and is limited by reference
to the above discussed sections of the Delaware Corporation Law.



and Bylaws provide that the Company &ldquo;may indemnify&rdquo; to the full extent of its power to do so
 all directors
 officers
employees
 and/or agents. It is anticipated that the Company will indemnify its officer and director to the full extent permitted
by the above-quoted statute.


for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to officers and directors of the Company pursuant to the foregoing
provisions or otherwise
 the Company is aware that in the opinion of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;)
such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is
 therefore
 unenforceable.




or among any of our directors or executive officers or persons nominated or chosen by us to become directors or executive officers.

Where You Can
Find More Information


the SEC
 located on 100 F Street NE
 Washington
 D.C. 20549
 Current Reports on Form 8-K
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
 Annual
Reports on Form 10-K
 and other reports
 statements and information as required under the Exchange Act. The reports
 statements
and other information that we have filed with the SEC may be read and copied at the SEC&rsquo;s Public Reference Room at 100 F
Street NE
 Washington
 D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling
the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330.

The
SEC maintains a web site (http://www.sec.gov.) that contains the registration statements
 reports
 proxy and information statements
and other information regarding registrants that file electronically with the SEC such as us. You may access our SEC filings electronically
at this SEC website. These SEC filings are also available to the public from commercial document retrieval services.



ITEM
    11.
EXECUTIVE
    COMPENSATION


Pacific
Ventures Compensation

The
following table sets forth certain compensation information for: (i) Pacific Ventures&rsquo; principal executive officer serving
in such capacity during fiscal years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016; (ii) our two most highly compensated executive officers
other than our principal executive officer who were serving as executive officers at December 31
 2017 and 2016; and (iii) up
to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been required but for the fact that the individual was not serving
as an executive officer at December 31
 2017 and 2016. Compensation information is shown for the fiscal years ended December 31
2017 and 2016:



Name
and Principal Position
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Bob Smith
 CEO
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 CEO
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


(1)
Mr. Smith was terminated as CEO 



    
    


Sn&ouml;bar
Holdings 

The
Sn&ouml;bar

ended December 31
&rsquo; two most highly
compensated executive officers other than its principal executive officer who were serving as executive officers at December 31
2017and 2016; and (iii) up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been required but for the fact that the
individual was not serving as an executive officer at December 31
 2017 and 2016. Compensation information is shown for the fiscal
years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016:



Name
and Principal Position
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 CEO/President
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
160
000
    
    
    
    
160
000


(1)
Such compensation was payable to Mrs. Masjedi pursuant to an employment agreement with IPIC. However
 due to the financial position
of the Company
 IPIC was unable to make such payments which accrued. For the 2016 fiscal year
 the total accrual of Mrs. Masjedi&rsquo;s
salary was reduced by $600
000 and approved by the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors.

Employment
Agreements 

We
have no written employment agreements or other formal compensation agreements with our officers or directors.

Compensation
of Directors

We have not established standard compensation arrangements for our directors and the compensation payable
to each individual for their service on our Board is determined from time to time by our Board of Directors based upon the amount
of time expended by each of the directors on our behalf.&nbsp;&nbsp;During the 2017 fiscal year
 none of our directors received
any compensation specifically for their services as a director.


Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

We
have no compensation committee of our board of directors
 and during the year ended December 31
 2017
 our directors and officers
participated in deliberations of our board of directors regarding officer compensation. During the year ended December 31
 2017
no executive officer of our Company (i) served as a member of the compensation committee (or other committee performing equivalent
functions or
 in the absence of any such committee
 the entire board of directors) of another entity
 one of whose executive officers
served on our board of directors
 (ii) served as a director of another entity
 one of whose executive officers served on our board
of directors
 or (iii) served as a member of the compensation committee (or other committee performing equivalent functions or
in the absence of any such committee
 the entire board of directors) of another entity
 one of whose executive officers served
as a director of our Company.&nbsp;

Narrative
Disclosure of Compensation Policies and Practices as They Relate to the Company&rsquo;s Risk Management

We
believe that our compensation policies and practices for all employees and other individual service providers
 including executive
officers
 do not create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us.



ITEM
    12.
SECURITY
    OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS


The
following table sets forth information regarding beneficial ownership of our capital stock by:




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



The
following table is based upon information supplied by to us by our officers
 directors and certain principal stockholders. We
have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC. These rules generally attribute beneficial ownership
of securities to persons who possess sole or shared voting power or investment power with respect to those securities. In addition
the rules include shares of common stock that the person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days
 including
common stock issuable pursuant to the exercise or conversion of warrants or other convertible instruments that are either immediately
exercisable/convertible or exercisable/convertible on or before May 24
 2018
 which is 60 days after March 25
 2018. These shares
are deemed to be outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding those options or warrants for the purpose of computing
the percentage ownership of that person
 but they are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership
of any other person. Unless otherwise indicated
 the persons or entities identified in this table have sole voting and investment
power with respect to all shares shown as beneficially owned by them
 subject to applicable community property laws.



    
    



Unless
otherwise indicated
 the business address of each person listed is in care of Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.
 117 West 9th Street
Suite 316
 Los Angeles
 California 90015.

COMMON
STOCK



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
13
864
639
    

    
650
000
    

    
14
614
639
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
13
864
639
    




    
Beneficial
    ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the
    shares. Except as otherwise indicated
 and subject to applicable community property laws
 the persons named in the table have
    sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our common stock held by them. Applicable percentage ownership
    is based on 56
569
655 shares of our common stock outstanding as of March 25
 2018.

    
    

    
        
Represents
    of 13
864
639 shares of our common stock owned by ACD Trust (&ldquo;Trust&rdquo;). The trustee of the Trust is Shannon Masjedi
    who holds voting and investment power over the shares of our common stock owned by the Trust. In addition
 Mrs. Masjedi owns
    1
000
000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock with such shares having a 10-to-1 voting preference where every one share of
    Series E Preferred Stock is equivalent in votes to ten shares of common stock. As such
 Mrs. Masjedi would have 35.85% of
    the voting control of the issued and outstanding stock when the 10
000
000 shares of voting are added to the existing 56
569
655
    shares of issued and outstanding common stock
 for an aggregate total of 66
569
655&nbsp;shares of issued and outstanding
    common stock.

    
    

    
Represents
    650
000 shares of our common stock owned directly by Mr. Shenkman.


PREFERRED
STOCK



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
000
000
    

    
    
    

    
1
000
000
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
Beneficial
    ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the
    shares. Except as otherwise indicated
 and subject to applicable community property laws
 the persons named in the table have
    sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our preferred stock held by them. Applicable percentage ownership

000

    Stock) issued and outstanding as of March 25
 2018.

    
    

    
Represents
    1
000
000 shares of our Series E Preferred Stock owned directly by Mrs. Masjedi. Each share of Series E Preferred Stock has
    a 10-to-1 voting preference where every one share of Series E Preferred Stock is equivalent in votes to ten shares of Common
    Stock.


Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

On
November 3
 2017
 Pacific Ventures&rsquo; board of directors (the &quot;Board of Directors&quot;) adopted
 by written consent
in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware
 the Company's 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the &quot;2017
Plan&quot;)
 which reserves a total of 1
500
000 shares of the Company's common stock
 $0.001 par value per share (the &quot;Common
Stock&quot;) for issuance under the 2017 Plan. As described below
 incentive awards authorized under the 2017 Plan include
 but
are not limited to
 incentive stock options within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended
(the &quot;Code&quot;). If an incentive award granted under the 2017 Plan expires
 terminates
 is unexercised or is forfeited
or if any shares are surrendered to us in connection with the exercise of an incentive award
 the shares subject to such award
and the surrendered shares will become available for further awards under the 2017 Plan.



    
    



The
Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors
 or the Board of Directors in the absence of such a committee
 will administer
the 2017 Plan. Subject to the terms of the 2017 Plan
 the Compensation Committee or the Board of Directors has complete authority
and discretion to determine the terms upon which awards may be granted under the 2017 Plan.

The
2017 Plan authorizes the grant to participants of nonqualified stock options
 incentive stock options
 restricted stock awards
restricted stock units
 performance grants intended to comply with Section 162(m) of the Code and stock appreciation rights
 as
described below:



    
    
Options
    granted under the 2017 Plan entitle the grantee
 upon exercise
 to purchase up to a specified number of shares from us at
    a specified exercise price per share. The exercise price for shares of Common Stock covered by an option generally cannot
    be less than the fair market value of Common Stock on the date of grant unless agreed to otherwise at the time of the grant.
    In addition
 in the case of an incentive stock option granted to an employee who
 at the time the incentive stock option is
    granted
 owns stock representing more than 10% of the voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any parent or
    subsidiary
 the per share exercise price will be no less than 110% of the fair market value of Common Stock on the date of
    grant.




    
    
Restricted
    stock awards and restricted stock units may be awarded on terms and conditions established by the compensation committee
    which may include performance conditions for restricted stock awards and the lapse of restrictions on the achievement of one
    or more performance goals for restricted stock units.




    
    
The
    Compensation Committee or the Board of Directors may make performance grants
 each of which will contain performance goals
    for the award
 including the performance criteria
 the target and maximum amounts payable
 and other terms and conditions.




    
    
The
    2017 Plan authorizes the granting of stock awards. The Compensation Committee or the Board of Directors will establish the
    number of shares of our common stock to be awarded (subject to the aggregate limit established under the 2017 Plan upon the
    number of shares of our common stock that may be awarded or sold under the 2017 Plan) and the terms applicable to each award
    including performance restrictions.




    
    
Stock
    appreciation rights (&quot;SARs&quot;) entitle the participant to receive a distribution in an amount not to exceed the number
    of shares of Common Stock subject to the portion of the SAR exercised multiplied by the difference between the market price
    of a share of Common Stock on the date of exercise of the SAR and the market price of a share of Common Stock on the date
    of grant of the SAR.


Duration
Amendment
 and Termination&nbsp;&#8213;&nbsp;
 suspend or terminate the 2017
Plan without stockholder approval or ratification at any time or from time to time. No change may be made that increases the total
number of shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance pursuant to incentive awards or reduces the minimum exercise price for
options or exchange of options for other incentive awards
 unless such change is authorized by our stockholders within one year
of such change. Unless sooner terminated
 the 2017 Plan would terminate ten years after it is adopted.

In
December 2017
 the Company issued 1
240
000 shares of its common stock under the 2017 Plan to a certain consultant in settlement
of amounts owed by the Company for services provided by such consultant. As of December 31
 2017
 other than such issuance
 no
other awards or shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock



ITEM
    13.
CERTAIN
    RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE



 2017 to which we have been a party
 in which
the amount involved in the transaction exceeded $120
000
 and in which any of our directors
 executive officers or
 to our knowledge
beneficial owners of more than 5% of our capital stock or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons had
or will have a direct or indirect material interest
 other than equity and other compensation arrangement
 which are described
above under &ldquo;Executive Compensation.&rdquo;

We
believe that all purchases from or transactions with affiliated parties were on terms and at prices substantially similar to those
available from unaffiliated third parties.

Promissory
Notes with Related Parties

In
January 2011

 Inc. (&ldquo;MGD&rdquo;)
 which is now a majority
owned subsidiary of 

note with a person
 who is now an officer and shareholder of Pacific Ventures. The note had a principal balance of $150
000 with
an interest rate of 3% and has a maturity date of December 31
 2020. Interest against the note was subsequently extinguished.
The balance of the note at December 31
 2017 was $122
692.



    
    



In
February of 2012
 MGD entered into an unsecured promissory note with a person
 who is now a shareholder of the Company.
The note had a principal balance of $30
000 with an interest rate of 8% and a maturity date of August 1
 2014. The
note&rsquo;s maturity date has subsequently been extended to December 31
 2020. Interest against the note was extinguished in
a subsequent extension of the term. The note&rsquo;s balance is $25
000 as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
respectively.

On
February 21
 2012
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings entered into an unsecured promissory note with Marc Shenkman
 who is Chairman of our Board
of Directors and a shareholder in the Company. The note had a principal balance of $10
000 with an interest rate of 5% and is
due on demand. The note&rsquo;s maturity date has subsequently been extended to December 31
 2020. Interest against the note was
extinguished in a subsequent extension of the term. The note has a principal balance of $10
000 as of December 31
 2017.

On
February 23
 2012 Snobar Holdings entered into a promissory note with a related party
 now a shareholder of the Company
 for $10
000
maturing in one year at an interest of 8%. The note has subsequently been extended to December 31
 2020. Interest against the
note was extinguished in a subsequent extension of the term. As of December 31
 2017 there is a $10
000 balance.

Sn&ouml;bar
Holdings entered into a promissory note agreement with a relative and former officer to purchase all shares and interests in IPIC
including liquor licenses
 for $500
000. The note bears no interest and payments are due in five installments of $100
000 due
each year beginning on December 31
 2013 and going through December 31
 2017
 subsequently extended to December 31
 2020. The
entire purchase price of $500
000 was expensed in 2013 and the balance on the note was $231
067 and $299
522 as of December 31
2017 and 2016 respectively.

On
March 14
 2013
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings entered into an unsecured promissory note with Marc Shenkman
 who is Chairman of our Board
of Directors and a shareholder in the Company. The note had a principal balance of $10
000 with an interest rate of 5% and had
a maturity date of March 14
 2014 and was subsequently extended to December 14
 2020. Interest against the note was extinguished
in a subsequent extension of the term. The note is current and has an outstanding balance of $6
000 and $6
000 as of December
31
 2017 and 2016 respectively.

On
March 14
 2013
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings entered into an unsecured promissory note with a person
 who is now a shareholder of the
Company. The note had a principal balance of $86
821 with an interest rate of 5% and had a maturity date of March 14
 2014. The
note&rsquo;s maturity date has subsequently been extended to February 1
 2020. Interest against the note was extinguished in a
subsequent extension of the term. The note is current and the entire balance is still owed and outstanding.

In
2014
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings entered into unsecured promissory notes with Marc Shenkman
 who is Chairman of our Board of Directors
and a shareholder in the Company The notes had a total principal balance of $16
000 with an interest rate of 2% and are due on
Dec 31 2018 subsequently extended to December 31
 2020. Interest against the note was extinguished in a subsequent extension of
the term. As of December 31
 2017 the balance was $16
000.

From
2012 through December 31
 2017
 Shannon Masjedi
 our CEO
 President
 Treasurer and Interim CFO
 has provided an unsecured credit
line to the Company
 payable on demand without interest. As of December 31
 2017 the current balance is $25
693.

We
believe that each reported transaction and relationship is on terms that are at least as fair to us as would be expected if those
transactions were negotiated with third parties.

The
Sn&ouml;bar Trust

The
Snobar Trust (the &ldquo;Trust&rdquo;) a California Trust formed on June 1

Trust. The current trustee
that holds legal title to the Trust is Clark Rutledge
 who is the father of Shannon Masjedi
 who is the Company&rsquo;s President
Chief Executive Officer
 Interim Chief Financial Officer
 Treasurer

the trustor is in existence
 on demand of the trustor or the beneficiary
 the trustee shall distribute to the trustor any or all
of the property contained in the beneficiary. Subject to the terms of the Trust
 the trustor may remove any acting trustee
 or
designate one or more successor trustees. Any trustee may resign at any time. The Trust shall terminate upon the earlier of (i)
withdrawal or distribution of all assets from the Trust or the date upon which the trustor ceases to be in existence. As of the
date of this annual report
and its liquor
licenses
 permitting IPIC to sell its product to distributors
 with all income
 expense
 gains and losses rolling up to the Trust.&nbsp;Sn&ouml;bar



the foregoing
is the primary beneficiary of all
assets
 liabilities and any income received from the business of the Trust and IPIC through the Trust and is the parent company
of MGD. 

There
have been no other related party transactions
 or any other transactions or relationships required to be disclosed pursuant to
Item 404 of Regulation S-K.



    
    



With
regard to any future related party transaction
 we plan to fully disclose any and all related party transactions
 including
 but
not limited to
 the following:


disclose
                                         such transactions in prospectuses where required;

disclose
                                         in any and all filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 where required;

obtain
                                         disinterested directors&rsquo; consent; and

obtain
                                         shareholder consent where required.

Indemnification
Agreements

Our
Bylaws provide that none of our officers or directors shall be personally liable for any obligations of our Company or for any
duties or obligations arising out of any acts or conduct of said officer or director performed for or on behalf of our Company
including without limitation
 acts of negligence or contributory negligence. In addition
 our Bylaws provide that we shall indemnify
and hold harmless each person and their heirs and administrators who shall serve at any time hereafter as a director or officer
of our Company from and against any and all claims
 judgments and liabilities to which such persons shall become subject by reason
of their having heretofore or hereafter been a director or officer of our Company
 or by reason of any action alleged to have
heretofore or hereafter taken or omitted to have been taken by him or her as such director or officer
 and that we shall reimburse
each such person for all legal and other expenses reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with any such claim
 judgment
or liability
 including our power to defend such persons from all suits or claims as provided for under the provisions of the
Delaware General Corporation Law; provided
 however
 that no such persons shall be indemnified against
 or be reimbursed for
any expense incurred in connection with any claim or liability arising out of his (or her) own willful misconduct. In addition
in the future
 we may enter into indemnification agreements with our directors and officers and some of our executives may have
certain indemnification rights arising under their employment agreements with us. We believe that these bylaw provisions and indemnification
agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers.

The
limitation of liability and indemnification provisions in our Bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against
our directors for breach of their fiduciary duties. They may also reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation against our directors
and officers
 even though an action
 if successful
 might benefit us and our stockholders. A stockholder&rsquo;s investment may
be harmed to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification
provisions.

Policies
and Procedures for Transactions with Related Persons

We
have not yet adopted a written related-person transactions policy that sets forth our policies and procedures regarding the identification
review
 consideration and oversight of &ldquo;related-person transactions.&rdquo;

Director
Independence

We
are not subject to listing requirements of any national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system which has requirements
that a majority of the board of directors be &ldquo;independent&rdquo; and
 as a result
 we are not at this time required to have
our board of directors comprised of a majority of &ldquo;independent directors.&rdquo; Our board of directors has determined that
neither of the members of our board of directors qualifies as an &ldquo;independent&rdquo; director under Nasdaq&rsquo;s definition
of independence.

Our
board of directors acts as the audit committee and we currently have no separate committees. Due to the small size of our board
of directors
 we believe that currently it is appropriate and most efficient for our entire board of directors to execute the
functions that a separate audit committee
 compensation committee and nominating committee would typically perform.



ITEM
    14.
PRINCIPAL
    ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES


Audit
Fees





 2017:
10
500

    
    


 2017:
10
500



not pay any other fees as specified in Item 9(e) of Schedule 14A.







Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures

We
do not currently have a separate audit committee. Our board of directors is responsible for the pre-approval of all audits and
permitted non-audit services to be performed for our Company by the independent auditors. The fees paid to the independent auditors
that are shown in the chart above for 2017 and 2016 were approved by our board of directors in accordance with the procedures
described below.

Our
board of directors reviews and approves all audit and non-audit services proposed to be provided
 other than de minimis non-audit
services which may instead by preapproved in accordance with applicable SEC rules.

There
were no audit or non-audit services provided to us for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 that were not approved by our
board of directors. Our board of directors determined that the services rendered by Dylan Floyd Accounting &amp; Consulting are
compatible with maintaining their independence as our independent auditors.



    
    





EXHIBITS AND
FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES






(1) Financial Statements (Included
in Item 8 of this Annual Report)


Financial Statements of Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2017 and 2016

    
    
    

    
    
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2017and 2016

    
    
    

    
    
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016

    
    
    

    
    
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016

    
    
    

    
    
    





been omitted since they are either not applicable or the information is contained elsewhere in this Annual Report.






and this list includes the Exhibit Index.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Share Exchange Agreement
 dated August 14
 2015
 by and among the Company
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings
 Inc.
 and certain shareholders of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings
 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30
 2015
 filed with the SEC on August 14
 2015).

    
    
Amendment No. 1 to Share Exchange Agreement
 dated August 21
 2015
 by and among the Company
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings
 Inc.
 and certain shareholders of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings
 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K
 as filed with the SEC on September 25
 2015).

    
    
Asset Purchase Agreement
 dated as of January 31
 2018
 by and among the Company
 Royalty Foods
 LLC and San Diego Farmers Outlet
(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K
 as filed with the SEC on February 5
 2018).

    
    
Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K
 as filed with the SEC on November 16
 2017).

    
    
By-laws of the Company &nbsp;(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1/A
 as filed with the SEC on June 14
 2017).

    
    
Amendment No. 1 to the Bylaws effective August 14
 2015.

    
    
Co-Packaging Letter Agreement dated April 24
 2013
 and Brothers International Desserts
 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1to the Company's Current Report Form 8-K
 as filed with the SEC on September 25
 2015).

    
    
Distribution Agreement
 dated March 16
 2015
 and Spectrum Entertainment &amp; Events LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report Form 8-K
 as filed with the SEC on September 25
 2015).

    
    
Distribution Agreement
 dated June 5
 2015
 and Eddie Holman (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3tothe Company's Current Report Form 8-K
 as filed with the SEC on September 25
 2015).




    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Exclusive Distribution Agreement
 dated February 3
 2015
 and Yes Consolidated
 LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Current Report Form 8-K
 as filed with the SEC on September 25
 2015).

    
    
Distribution Agreement
 dated May 1
 2015
 and Dejako Trading Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5to the Company's Current Report Form 8-K
 as filed with the SEC on September 25
 2015).

    
    
Form of Lock-Up/Leak-Out Agreement between the Company and certain Sn&ouml;bar Shareholders party thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Current Report Form 8-K
 as filed with the SEC on September 25
 2015).

    
    
Anti-Dilution Agreement
 dated September 25
 2015
 by and among the Company and Brett Bertolami and Danzig Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company's Current Report Form 8-K
 as filed with the SEC on September 25
 2015).

    
    
Piggyback Registration Rights Agreement
 dated September 25
 2015
 by and among the Company
 Sn&ouml;bar Shareholders and other persons thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8to the Company's Current Report Form 8-K
 as filed with the SEC on September 25
 2015).

    
    
Trust Agreement
 dated June 1
 2013
 by and between Snobar Holding
 Inc. and Azizollah Masjedi (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K/A
 as filed with the SEC on October 16
 2017).

    
    
Form of Promissory Note by and between the Company and certain related parties (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K/A
 as filed with the SEC on October 16
 2017).

    
    
Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K
 as filed with the SEC on November 8
 2017).

    
    
Form of Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc. Incentive Stock Option Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K
 as filed with the SEC on November 8
 2017).

    
    
Form of Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc. Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K
 as filed with the SEC on November 8
 2017).

    
    
Letter from Anderson Bradshaw PLLC
 dated April 20
 2016
 addressed to the Securities and Exchange Commission (incorporated by reference from the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K
 as filed on April 20
 2016
 Exhibit 16).

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement



 Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(ii)










    
    





Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
 the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto
duly authorized.



    
PACIFIC VENTURES GROUP
 INC.

    
    
    

Date:&nbsp;March 30
 2018
    
    

    
    


 Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief
Financial Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer

 Principal Financial Officer and
 Principal Accounting Officer)



Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated.&nbsp;



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 30
 2018

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 30
 2018

    
    
    
    
    




















     




Pacific
Ventures Group
 Inc.

List
of Subsidiaries



    
    
    

    
    
    

Sn&ouml;bar Holdings
 Inc.
 a wholly owned subsidiary of Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.
    
    

    
    
    

MAS Global Distributors
 Inc.
 a majority (99.9%) owned subsidiary of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings
 Inc.
    
    

    
    
    

Royalty Foods
 LLC
 a wholly owned subsidiary of Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.
    
    














     




chief
executive OFFICER 

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302



 Shannon Masjedi
 certify that:


have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.;


on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report;


on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all&nbsp;material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented
in this report;


registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and&nbsp;procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))&nbsp;for the registrant and have:


such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under&nbsp;our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by&nbsp;others
within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our&nbsp;conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such&nbsp;evaluation; and


in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&nbsp;&rsquo;s
most recent fiscal quarter (the&nbsp;registrant&nbsp;&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the&nbsp;registrant&nbsp;&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting;
and


registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over&nbsp;financial
reporting
 to the&nbsp;registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the&nbsp;registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or
persons&nbsp;performing the equivalent functions):


significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which&nbsp;are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the&nbsp;registrant&nbsp;&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
information; and


fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the&nbsp;registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.



    
    

    
    

    
    



 2018













     




chief
financial officer

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302



 Shannon Masjedi
 certify that:


have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.;


on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report;


on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all&nbsp;material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented
in this report;


registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and&nbsp;procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))&nbsp;for the registrant and have:


such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under&nbsp;our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by&nbsp;others
within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our&nbsp;conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such&nbsp;evaluation; and


in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&nbsp;&rsquo;s
most recent fiscal quarter (the&nbsp;registrant&nbsp;&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the&nbsp;registrant&nbsp;&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting;
and


registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over&nbsp;financial
reporting
 to the&nbsp;registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the&nbsp;registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or
persons&nbsp;performing the equivalent functions):


significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which&nbsp;are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the&nbsp;registrant&nbsp;&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
information; and


fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the&nbsp;registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.



    
    

    
    

    
    



 2018













     




CERTIFICATION OF CEO AND CFO PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002


the Annual Report of Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
2017
&nbsp;as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
&nbsp;Shannon
Masjedi
 as the Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer&nbsp;of the Company
 hereby certify
 pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley&nbsp;Act of 2002
 that
 to the best of my knowledge:


complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the&nbsp;Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.



    
    

    
    

President
 Chief Executive Officer and 
Interim Chief Financial Officer
    



 2018


906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended.





















        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        



      


      




          


          




      

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





 2017 for a fee of $15


 2014
 subsequently extended to December 31



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

333 of its long-term notes payable.&#13;The agreement called for issuance of 400
000 restricted shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock and $200
000 in future cash&#13;payment comprising of $25
000 on March 31
 2017
 $25
000 on March 31
 2018
 $25
000 on March 31
 2019
 and $125
000 on March 31
&#13;2020.&amp;#160; As of March 10
 2017
 the Company issued to the creditor
 400
000 restricted shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock
&#13;and also paid the $25
000 for the required March 31
 2017 cash payment. The $25
000 payment due in 2018 was paid to JRSR26 on March&#13;1
 2018. The balance of the note as of December 31
 2017 is $175

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 Inc. (the &amp;#8220;Company
&amp;#8221;&amp;#8220;we
&amp;#8221;&amp;#8220;us&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;our&amp;#8221;) was incorporated under&#13;the laws of the state of Delaware on October 3
 1986
 under the name AOA Corporation. On November 12
 1991
 the Company changed&#13;its name to American Eagle Group
 Inc. On October 22
 2012
 the Company changed its name to &amp;#8220;Pacific Ventures Group

 Inc. (&amp;#8220;Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings&amp;#8221;)
&#13;which was treated as a reverse merger for accounting purposes. On August 14
 2015
 the Company entered into a share exchange agreement&#13;(the &amp;#8220;Share Exchange Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings
 pursuant to which the Company acquired 100% of the issued&#13;and outstanding shares of Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings&amp;#8217; Class A and Class B common stock in exchange for 22
500
000 restricted shares&#13;of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock
 while simultaneously issuing 2
500
000 restricted shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock&#13;to certain other persons

 Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings became the Company&amp;#8217;s wholly owned operating subsidiary and the business&#13;of Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings became the Company&amp;#8217;s sole business operations and MAS Global Distributors
 Inc.
 a California corporation&#13;(&amp;#8220;MGD&amp;#8221;)

 the Company operated as an insurance holding company and through its subsidiaries
 which marketed and underwrote&#13;specialized property and casualty coverage in the general aviation insurance marketplace. However
 in 1997
 after selling several&#13;of its divisions

 the Company&amp;#8217;s business&#13;operations changed to that of Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings and the discussions of business operations accompanying this filing are solely&#13;that of Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings and its affiliates and subsidiaries comprising of Sn&amp;#246;bar &lt;font style=background-color: #FEFEFE&gt;Trust&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;
&#13;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=background-color: #FEFEFE&gt;International Production Impex Corporation
 a California corporation (&amp;#8220;IPIC&amp;#8221;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;

 2013. &lt;font style=background-color: #FEFEFE&gt;Sn&amp;#246;bar&#13;Holdings is the trustor and sole beneficiary of &lt;/font&gt;Sn&amp;#246;bar &lt;font style=background-color: #FEFEFE&gt;Trust
 a California&#13;trust (&amp;#8220;Trust&amp;#8221;)
 which was formed in June 1
 2013. The current trustee that holds legal title to the Trust is Clark&#13;Rutledge
 the father of Shannon Masjedi
 the Company&amp;#8217;s President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Interim Chief Financial Officer
&#13;Treasurer
 and majority stockholder. The Trust owns 100% of the shares of IPIC
 which was formed on August 2
 2001. IPIC &lt;/font&gt;is&#13;in the business of selling alcohol-infused ice cream and ice-pops
 and holds all of the rights to the liquor licenses to sell&#13;such products &lt;font style=background-color: #FEFEFE&gt;and trade names &amp;#8220;Sn&amp;#246;bar&amp;#8221;. As such
&lt;/font&gt; the Trust holds&#13;all ownership interest of IPIC and its liquor licenses
 permitting IPIC to sell its product to distributors
 with all income
&#13;expense
 gains and losses rolling up to the Trust
 of which Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings is the sole beneficiary. Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings&#13;&lt;font style=background-color: #FEFEFE&gt;also owns 99.9% of the shares of MGD. MGD is in the business&lt;/font&gt; of selling and leasing&#13;freezers and providing &lt;font style=background-color: #FEFEFE&gt;marketing services. As a result of the foregoing
&lt;/font&gt; Sn&amp;#246;bar&#13;Holdings &lt;font style=background-color: #FEFEFE&gt;is the primary beneficiary of all assets

 Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings performs ongoing reassessments of whether it is the primary beneficiary of a VIE.&#13;As the assessment of Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings&amp;#8217; management is that Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings has the power to direct the activities&#13;of a VIE that most significantly impact the VIE&amp;#8217;s activities (it is responsible for establishing and operating IPIC)
 and&#13;the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE and the right to receive benefits&#13;from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE&amp;#8217;s economic performance
 it was therefore concluded by management&#13;that Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings is the primary beneficiary of the Trust and IPIC. As such
 the Trust and IPIC were consolidated in the&#13;financial statements of Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings since the inception of the Trust
 in the case of the Trust
 and since the inception&#13;of Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings

 Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings and its subsidiaries
 in which Sn&amp;#246;bar&#13;Holdings has a controlling voting interest and entities consolidated under the variable interest entities (&amp;#8220;VIE&amp;#8221;)&#13;provisions of ASC 810

 liabilities

 a VIE is a corporation
 partnership
 limited-liability corporation
 trust
 or any other legal structure used to conduct&#13;activities or hold assets that either (1) has an insufficient amount of equity to carry out its principal activities without additional&#13;subordinated financial support
 (2)&amp;#160;has a group of equity owners that is unable to make significant decisions about its activities
&#13;(3)&amp;#160;has a group of equity owners that does not have the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive returns generated&#13;by its operations or (4) the voting rights of some investors are not proportional to their obligations to absorb the expected&#13;losses of the entity
 their rights to receive the expected residual returns of the entity
 or both and substantially all of the&#13;entity&amp;#8217;s activities (for example

 contractual or other financial interest in the VIE (a variable&#13;interest holder) that has both of the following characteristics: a) the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly&#13;impact the VIE&amp;#8217;s economic performance and b) the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant&#13;to the VIE

 the primary beneficiary shall initially measure the assets
 liabilities


 Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings
 MGD
 IPIC and the Trust
 which was established to&#13;hold IPIC


 when an agreement exists and price is&#13;determinable
 the products are shipped to the customers or services are rendered
 net of discounts
 returns and allowance and&#13;collectability is reasonably assured. We are often entitled to bill our customers and receive payment from our customers in advance&#13;of recognizing the revenue. In the instances in which we have received payment from our customers in advance of recognizing revenue

 2017
 the Company has $0 in&#13;deferred revenue.&amp;#160; This is comparable to deferred revenue balance of $15
042 as of December 31
 2016

 claims
 and proceedings concerning its business operations and certain liabilities.&#13;We determine whether an estimated loss from a contingency should be accrued by assessing whether a loss is deemed probable and&#13;can be reasonably estimated. We assess our potential liability by analyzing our litigation and regulatory matters using available&#13;information. We develop our views on estimated losses in consultation with outside counsel handling our defense in these matters
&#13;which involves an analysis of potential results
 assuming a combination of litigation and settlement strategies. Should developments&#13;in any of these matters cause a change in our determination as to an unfavorable outcome and result in the need to recognize a&#13;material accrual
 or should any of these matters result in a final adverse judgment or be settled for significant amounts
 they&#13;could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
 cash flows and financial position in the period or periods&#13;in which such change in determination
 judgment or settlement occurs.&amp;#160; As of December 31
 2017
 the Company has $31

 on January 28
 2016
 a labor dispute between IPIC and a former employee was ruled in favor of the former employee by&#13;the Labor Commissioner of the State of California.&amp;#160; This finding resulted in compensation expenses of $29
103 and an accrued&#13;liability of the same amount on IPIC book for the fiscal year ended December 31

 2017
 the Company had a cash balance of $69 in cash and cash equivalents
 compared to $25
284 at December 31

 2017 and 2016

 first-out method. Inventory quantities&#13;on-hand are regularly reviewed
 and where necessary
 reserves for excess and unusable inventories are recorded. Inventory consists&#13;of finished goods and includes ice cream
 popsicles and the related packaging materials.&amp;#160;As of December 31
 2017 and 2016

 in the opinion of management


 repairs
 and minor renovations are expensed as incurred. Upon sale or retirement&#13;of property and equipment
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are eliminated from the respective accounts and the resulting&#13;gain or loss is included in the results of operations. The Company provides for depreciation of property and equipment using the&#13;straight-line method over the estimated useful lives or the term of the lease
 as appropriate. The estimated useful lives are&#13;as follows: vehicles
 five years; office furniture and equipment
 three to fifteen years; equipment

 which include cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable


 allowance for doubtful accounts

 the FASB established the Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#8220;Codification&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;ASC&amp;#8221;) as the&#13;source of authoritative accounting principles recognized by the FASB to be applied by nongovernmental entities in the preparation&#13;of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (&amp;#8220;GAAP&amp;#8221;).&amp;#160;&#13;Rules and interpretive releases of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &amp;#8220;SEC&amp;#8221;) issued under authority of federal&#13;securities laws are also sources of GAAP for SEC registrants.&amp;#160; Existing GAAP was not intended to be changed as a result of&#13;the Codification

 FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;) No. 2015-03
 &amp;#8220;Interest &amp;#8211; Imputation of Interest&#13;(Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs&amp;#8221;
&amp;#160;to simplify presentation of debt issuance&#13;costs by requiring that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct&#13;deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability
 consistent with debt discounts. The ASU does not affect the recognition&#13;and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs. For public companies
 the ASU is effective for financial statements issued for&#13;fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015

 FASB issued ASU No. 2015-04
 &amp;#8220;Compensation &amp;#8211; Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Practical Expedient for&#13;the Measurement Date of an Employer&amp;#8217;s Defined Benefit Obligation and Plan Assets&amp;#8221;
&amp;#160;which permits the entity to&#13;measure defined benefit plan assets and obligations using the month-end that is closest to the entity&amp;#8217;s fiscal year-end&#13;and apply that practical expedient consistently from year to year. The ASU is effective for public business entities for financial&#13;statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015

 FASB issued ASU No. 2015-05
 &amp;#8220;Intangibles &amp;#8211; Goodwill and Other &amp;#8211; Internal-Use Software (Subtopic&#13;350-40): Customer&amp;#8217;s Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement&amp;#8221;
 which provides guidance to customers&#13;about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If such includes a software license
 then the customer&#13;should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses.&#13;If the arrangement does not include a software license
 the customer should account for it as a service contract. For public business&#13;entities
 the ASU is effective for annual periods
 including interim periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December&#13;15
 2015. Early application is permitted. We are currently reviewing the provisions of this ASU to determine if there will be&#13;any impact on our results of operations

 FASB issued ASU No. 2015-06
 &amp;#8220;Earnings Per Share (Topic 260): Effects on Historical Earnings per Unit of Master&#13;Limited Partnership Dropdown Transactions&amp;#8221;
 which specifies that
 for purposes of calculating historical earnings per unit&#13;under the two-class method
 the earnings (losses) of a transferred business before the date of a drop down transaction should&#13;be allocated entirely to the general partner. In that circumstance
 the previously reported earnings per unit of the limited partners&#13;(which is typically the earnings per unit measure presented in the financial statements) would not change as a result of the dropdown&#13;transaction. Qualitative disclosures about how the rights to the earnings (losses) differ before and after the dropdown transaction&#13;occurs for purposes of computing earnings per unit under the two-class method also are required. The ASU is effective for fiscal&#13;years beginning after December 15
 2015

 FASB issued ASU No. 2014-10
 &amp;#8220;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting&#13;Requirements
 Including an Amendment to Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810
 Consolidation&amp;#8221;. The update removes&#13;all incremental financial reporting requirements from GAAP for development stage entities
 including the removal of Topic 915&#13;from the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. In addition
 the update adds an example disclosure in Risks and Uncertainties&#13;(Topic 275) to illustrate one way that an entity that has not begun planned principal operations could provide information about&#13;the risks and uncertainties related to the company&amp;#8217;s current activities. Furthermore
 the update removes an exception provided&#13;to development stage entities in Consolidations (Topic 810) for determining whether an entity is a variable interest entity-which&#13;may change the consolidation analysis
 consolidation decision
 and disclosure requirements for a company that has an interest&#13;in a company in the development stage. The update is effective for the annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014

 FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12
 &amp;#8220;Compensation &amp;#8211; Stock Compensation (Topic 718); Accounting for Share-Based&#13;Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period&amp;#8221;.&#13;The amendments in this ASU apply to all reporting entities that grant their employees share-based payments in which the terms&#13;of the award provide that a performance target that affects vesting could be achieved after the requisite service period. The&#13;amendments require that a performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period&#13;be treated as a performance condition. A reporting entity should apply existing guidance in Topic 718 as it relates to awards&#13;with performance conditions that affect vesting to account for such awards. For all entities
 the amendments in this ASU are effective&#13;for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015. Earlier adoption is permitted.&#13;Entities may apply the amendments in this ASU either (a) prospectively to all awards granted or modified after the effective date&#13;or (b) retrospectively to all awards with performance targets that are outstanding as of the beginning of the earliest annual&#13;period presented in the financial statements and to all new or modified awards thereafter. If retrospective transition is adopted
&#13;the cumulative effect of applying this Update as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements&#13;should be recognized as an adjustment to the opening retained earnings balance at that date. Additionally
 if retrospective transition&#13;is adopted
 an entity may use hindsight in measuring and recognizing the compensation cost. This updated guidance is not expected&#13;to have a material impact on our results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15 on &amp;#8220;Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) &amp;#8211;&#13;Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&amp;#8217;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern&amp;#8221;. Currently
 there is no guidance&#13;in GAAP about management&amp;#8217;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&amp;#8217;s ability&#13;to continue as a going concern or to provide related footnote disclosures. The amendments in this Update provide that guidance.&#13;In doing so
 the amendments are intended to reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments&#13;require management to assess an entity&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain&#13;principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards. Specifically
 the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term substantial&#13;doubt
 (2) require an evaluation every reporting period including interim periods
 (3) provide principles for considering the&#13;mitigating effect of management&amp;#8217;s plans
 (4) require certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result&#13;of consideration of management&amp;#8217;s plans
 (5) require an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is&#13;not alleviated


 Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings
 MGD
 IPIC and the Trust
 which was established to&#13;hold IPIC




 2017
 the Company has $0 in&#13;deferred revenue.&amp;#160; This is comparable to deferred revenue balance of $15
042 as of December 31
 2016

    

 claims
 and proceedings concerning its business operations and certain liabilities.&#13;We determine whether an estimated loss from a contingency should be accrued by assessing whether a loss is deemed probable and&#13;can be reasonably estimated. We assess our potential liability by analyzing our litigation and regulatory matters using available&#13;information. We develop our views on estimated losses in consultation with outside counsel handling our defense in these matters
&#13;which involves an analysis of potential results
 assuming a combination of litigation and settlement strategies. Should developments&#13;in any of these matters cause a change in our determination as to an unfavorable outcome and result in the need to recognize a&#13;material accrual
 or should any of these matters result in a final adverse judgment or be settled for significant amounts
 they&#13;could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
 cash flows and financial position in the period or periods&#13;in which such change in determination
 judgment or settlement occurs.&amp;#160; As of December 31
 2017
 the Company has $31

 on January 28
 2016
 a labor dispute between IPIC and a former employee was ruled in favor of the former employee by&#13;the Labor Commissioner of the State of California.&amp;#160; This finding resulted in compensation expenses of $29
103 and an accrued&#13;liability of the same amount on IPIC book for the fiscal year ended December 31


 2017
 the Company had a cash balance of $69 in cash and cash equivalents
 compared to $25
284 at December 31


 2017 and 2016


 first-out method. Inventory quantities&#13;on-hand are regularly reviewed
 and where necessary
 reserves for excess and unusable inventories are recorded. Inventory consists&#13;of finished goods and includes ice cream
 popsicles and the related packaging materials.&amp;#160;As of December 31
 2017 and 2016


 in the opinion of management




 repairs
 and minor renovations are expensed as incurred. Upon sale or retirement&#13;of property and equipment
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are eliminated from the respective accounts and the resulting&#13;gain or loss is included in the results of operations. The Company provides for depreciation of property and equipment using the&#13;straight-line method over the estimated useful lives or the term of the lease
 as appropriate. The estimated useful lives are&#13;as follows: vehicles
 five years; office furniture and equipment
 three to fifteen years; equipment




 when an agreement exists and price is&#13;determinable
 the products are shipped to the customers or services are rendered
 net of discounts
 returns and allowance and&#13;collectability is reasonably assured. We are often entitled to bill our customers and receive payment from our customers in advance&#13;of recognizing the revenue. In the instances in which we have received payment from our customers in advance of recognizing revenue


 the FASB established the Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#8220;Codification&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;ASC&amp;#8221;) as the&#13;source of authoritative accounting principles recognized by the FASB to be applied by nongovernmental entities in the preparation&#13;of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (&amp;#8220;GAAP&amp;#8221;).&amp;#160;&#13;Rules and interpretive releases of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &amp;#8220;SEC&amp;#8221;) issued under authority of federal&#13;securities laws are also sources of GAAP for SEC registrants.&amp;#160; Existing GAAP was not intended to be changed as a result of&#13;the Codification

 FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;) No. 2015-03
 &amp;#8220;Interest &amp;#8211; Imputation of Interest&#13;(Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs&amp;#8221;
&amp;#160;to simplify presentation of debt issuance&#13;costs by requiring that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct&#13;deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability
 consistent with debt discounts. The ASU does not affect the recognition&#13;and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs. For public companies
 the ASU is effective for financial statements issued for&#13;fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015

 FASB issued ASU No. 2015-04
 &amp;#8220;Compensation &amp;#8211; Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Practical Expedient for&#13;the Measurement Date of an Employer&amp;#8217;s Defined Benefit Obligation and Plan Assets&amp;#8221;
&amp;#160;which permits the entity to&#13;measure defined benefit plan assets and obligations using the month-end that is closest to the entity&amp;#8217;s fiscal year-end&#13;and apply that practical expedient consistently from year to year. The ASU is effective for public business entities for financial&#13;statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015

 FASB issued ASU No. 2015-05
 &amp;#8220;Intangibles &amp;#8211; Goodwill and Other &amp;#8211; Internal-Use Software (Subtopic&#13;350-40): Customer&amp;#8217;s Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement&amp;#8221;
 which provides guidance to customers&#13;about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If such includes a software license
 then the customer&#13;should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses.&#13;If the arrangement does not include a software license
 the customer should account for it as a service contract. For public business&#13;entities
 the ASU is effective for annual periods
 including interim periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December&#13;15
 2015. Early application is permitted. We are currently reviewing the provisions of this ASU to determine if there will be&#13;any impact on our results of operations

 FASB issued ASU No. 2015-06
 &amp;#8220;Earnings Per Share (Topic 260): Effects on Historical Earnings per Unit of Master&#13;Limited Partnership Dropdown Transactions&amp;#8221;
 which specifies that
 for purposes of calculating historical earnings per unit&#13;under the two-class method
 the earnings (losses) of a transferred business before the date of a drop down transaction should&#13;be allocated entirely to the general partner. In that circumstance
 the previously reported earnings per unit of the limited partners&#13;(which is typically the earnings per unit measure presented in the financial statements) would not change as a result of the dropdown&#13;transaction. Qualitative disclosures about how the rights to the earnings (losses) differ before and after the dropdown transaction&#13;occurs for purposes of computing earnings per unit under the two-class method also are required. The ASU is effective for fiscal&#13;years beginning after December 15
 2015

 FASB issued ASU No. 2014-10
 &amp;#8220;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting&#13;Requirements
 Including an Amendment to Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810
 Consolidation&amp;#8221;. The update removes&#13;all incremental financial reporting requirements from GAAP for development stage entities
 including the removal of Topic 915&#13;from the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. In addition
 the update adds an example disclosure in Risks and Uncertainties&#13;(Topic 275) to illustrate one way that an entity that has not begun planned principal operations could provide information about&#13;the risks and uncertainties related to the company&amp;#8217;s current activities. Furthermore
 the update removes an exception provided&#13;to development stage entities in Consolidations (Topic 810) for determining whether an entity is a variable interest entity-which&#13;may change the consolidation analysis
 consolidation decision
 and disclosure requirements for a company that has an interest&#13;in a company in the development stage. The update is effective for the annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014

 FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12
 &amp;#8220;Compensation &amp;#8211; Stock Compensation (Topic 718); Accounting for Share-Based&#13;Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period&amp;#8221;.&#13;The amendments in this ASU apply to all reporting entities that grant their employees share-based payments in which the terms&#13;of the award provide that a performance target that affects vesting could be achieved after the requisite service period. The&#13;amendments require that a performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period&#13;be treated as a performance condition. A reporting entity should apply existing guidance in Topic 718 as it relates to awards&#13;with performance conditions that affect vesting to account for such awards. For all entities
 the amendments in this ASU are effective&#13;for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015. Earlier adoption is permitted.&#13;Entities may apply the amendments in this ASU either (a) prospectively to all awards granted or modified after the effective date&#13;or (b) retrospectively to all awards with performance targets that are outstanding as of the beginning of the earliest annual&#13;period presented in the financial statements and to all new or modified awards thereafter. If retrospective transition is adopted
&#13;the cumulative effect of applying this Update as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements&#13;should be recognized as an adjustment to the opening retained earnings balance at that date. Additionally
 if retrospective transition&#13;is adopted
 an entity may use hindsight in measuring and recognizing the compensation cost. This updated guidance is not expected&#13;to have a material impact on our results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15 on &amp;#8220;Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) &amp;#8211;&#13;Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&amp;#8217;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern&amp;#8221;. Currently
 there is no guidance&#13;in GAAP about management&amp;#8217;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&amp;#8217;s ability&#13;to continue as a going concern or to provide related footnote disclosures. The amendments in this Update provide that guidance.&#13;In doing so
 the amendments are intended to reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments&#13;require management to assess an entity&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain&#13;principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards. Specifically
 the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term substantial&#13;doubt
 (2) require an evaluation every reporting period including interim periods
 (3) provide principles for considering the&#13;mitigating effect of management&amp;#8217;s plans
 (4) require certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result&#13;of consideration of management&amp;#8217;s plans
 (5) require an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is&#13;not alleviated


 the Company has incurred a net loss of $590
059 for the year ended December&#13;31
 2017
 and has an accumulated deficit of $5
970
024 as at December 31

 the Company will need
 among other things
 additional capital resources. The Company is&#13;significantly dependent upon its ability
 and will continue to attempt




    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 of Sn&amp;#246;bar Holding. In accordance with the terms and provisions&#13;of the Share Exchange Agreement
 the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings&amp;#8217; Class&#13;A and Class B Common Stock from Sn&amp;#246;bar Shareholders
 with Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company
&#13;in exchange for the issuance to the Sn&amp;#246;bar Shareholders of 22
500
000 shares of restricted common stock of the Company and&#13;the issuance of 2
500


243
333 shares of its common stock and cancelled 4
960
000 shares issued in the first&#13;quarter of 2017fiscal year as a result of a failure to close an acquisition
 resulting in a net issuance of 9
132
884 (including&#13;converted 2
849


500
000 restricted shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock were issued for the following: 600
000 shares were issued for&#13;services for a total of $326
900 of non-cash expenses; a former officer of the Company received 1
000
000 shares in exchange for&#13;his 1
000
000 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s Series E Preferred Stock; and 900
000 shares were issued to extinguish $21

    
    
    


&#13;plant and equipment at December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2016

 &lt;br /&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;December 31
 &lt;br /&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%&gt;Computers&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;15
986&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;15
986&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Freezers&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;39
153&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;39
153&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Office Furniture&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;15
687&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;15
687&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Rugs&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;6
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;6
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Software - Accounting&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
901&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
901&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Telephone System&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;5
814&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;5
814&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Video Camera&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1
528&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1
528&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Accumulated Depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(59
225&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(55
231&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Net Book Value&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;27
843&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;31

 2017 was $3
995 compared to $3
993 for the same period of December 31


 2017
 the Company had accrued expenses of $332
503 compared to $231
060 for the year ended December 31


 which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets&#13;and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements.&amp;#160;&#13;Under this method



000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: center&gt;12/10/2010&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;122
692&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;A. Masjedi&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;500
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;6/1/2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;231
067&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;M. Shenkman&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;10
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;2/21/2012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;10
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;M. Shenkman&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;10
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;2/23/2102&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;10
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;M. Shenkman&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;10
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;3/14/2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;6
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;M. Shenkman&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;16
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;9/9/2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;16
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;696
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;395

 &lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;MGD
 &lt;/font&gt;which &lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;is now a majority&#13;owned subsidiary of &lt;/font&gt;Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;entered into an unsecured promissory&#13;note with Mrs. Masjedi
 who is now the Company&amp;#8217;s President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Interim Chief Financial Officer
 director&#13;and majority stockholder. The note had a principal balance of $150
000 with an interest rate of 3% and has a maturity date of&#13;December 31
 2020. Interest under the note was extinguished in a subsequent extension of the term of the note. The balance of&#13;the note at December 31
 2017 was $122

 2012
 Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings entered into an unsecured promissory note with Mr. Shenkman
 who is Chairman of the Board&#13;of Directors and a shareholder of the Company. The note had a principal balance of $10
000 with an interest rate of 5% and is&#13;due on demand. The note&amp;#8217;s maturity date has subsequently been extended to December 31
 2020. Interest against the note was&#13;extinguished in a subsequent extension of the term. The note had a principal balance of $10
000 as of December 31

 2012
 Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings entered into a promissory note with Mr. Shenkman for $10
000
 maturing in one year at&#13;an interest of 8%. The note has subsequently been extended to December 31
 2020. Interest under the note was extinguished in a&#13;subsequent extension of the term. The note had an outstanding balance of $10
000 as of December 31

 2013
 Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings entered into an unsecured promissory note with a Mr. Shenkman
 the Company&amp;#8217;s Chairman&#13;of the Board of Directors.&amp;#160;The note had a principal balance of $10
000 with an interest rate of 5% and an original maturity&#13;date of March 14
 2014
 subsequently extended to December 31
 2020 with a lower interest rate of 2%/year.&amp;#160; Mr. Shenkman also&#13;agreed to make all interest retroactive and deferred.&amp;#160;The note had an outstanding balance of $6
000 as of December 31

 2013
 Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings entered into a promissory note with Azizolla Masjedi
 father-in-law to Shannon Masjedi who&amp;#8217;s&#13;the Company&amp;#8217;s President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Interim Chief Financial Officer
 director and majority stockholder
 in&#13;an amount of $500
000 to purchase all the shares and interests of IPIC.&amp;#160; The note matured on June 31
 2017. As of December&#13;31
 2017
 the outstanding balance under this note was $231
067

 2014
 Snobar Holdings entered into a second unsecured promissory note with Mr. Shenkman
 through his affiliate company&#13;Entrust Group for a total amount of $6
000 and a third unsecured promissory note for a total amount of $10
000
 both at an annual&#13;interest rate of 2%. No term was provided for in each note
 but Mr. Shenkman has agreed to a maturity date of December 31
 2020&#13;and the accrual of interest rates and deferral to maturity.&amp;#160; The notes had an aggregate outstanding balance of $16
000 as&#13;of December 31

 2017
 the Company had related party current and long-term notes payable of $353
759 and $42
000



000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: center&gt;February 2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;1
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;272
500&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;9/30/2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;207
500&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;129
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;7/25/2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;129
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;75
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;7/12/2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;75
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;15
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;7/22/2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;15
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;86
821&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;3/14/2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;86
821&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;10
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;2/21/2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;10
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;30
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;2/1/2012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;25
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;500
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;5/19/2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;175
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;44
414&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;5/1/2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;44
414&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Total:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;914
321&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;768

 2012
 MGD entered into an unsecured promissory note with a certain unrelated party
 now a shareholder of the Company&#13;for a principal balance of $30
000 at in interest rate of 8% per year and maturity date of August 1
 2014.&amp;#160; The note&amp;#8217;s&#13;maturity date has been extended to December 31
 2020 and the interest rate under the extinguished as part of the extension.&amp;#160;&#13;The note had an outstanding balance of $25
000 as of December 31

 2013
 Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings entered into an unsecured promissory note with a certain unrelated third party
 now a shareholder&#13;of the Company. The note had a principal balance of $86
821 with an interest rate of 5% and had a maturity date of March 14
 2014.&#13;The note&amp;#8217;s maturity date has subsequently been extended to February 1
 2020. Interest under the note was extinguished in&#13;a subsequent extension of the term. The note is current and the entire balance is owed and outstanding as of December 31

 2013
 Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings entered into an unsecured promissory note with a certain unrelated third party.&amp;#160;The note&#13;had a principal balance of $15
000 with an original interest rate of 5%. Maturity date has been extended to December 31
 2018
&#13;and interest rate has been reduced to 2%
 and lender agreed to make all interest retroactive and deferred.&amp;#160; The balance of&#13;the note was $15
000 as of December 31

 MGD entered into a secured promissory note with a certain unrelated third party for $10
000. The note was secured&#13;by interests in tangible and intangible property of MGD.&amp;#160; The Company is to make payments of $181 each business day (Monday&#13;through Friday) until the loan is paid off.&amp;#160; The effective interest rate on the note is 137%.&amp;#160; The outstanding balance&#13;of the note is $1
000 as of December 31

 2014
 Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings entered into a secured convertible promissory note with a principal balance of $500
000.&amp;#160;&#13;The note was secured by interests in cash
 accounts receivable
 other receivables
 inventory
 supplies
 other assets of Sn&amp;#246;bar&#13;Holdings including general intangibles and rights of each liquor license owned by Sn&amp;#246;bar Trust.&amp;#160; The note has an interest&#13;rate of 10% and an original maturity date of December 31
 2015.&amp;#160; The Company was to make interest only payments beginning&#13;July 1
 2014.&amp;#160; The lender determined Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings to be in default and on January 29
 2015
 entered into a mutually&#13;agreed loan modification.&amp;#160; The agreement increased the principal balance of the note as of December 31
 2014 to $527
333&#13;and all interest due and payable was deemed to have been paid and the conversion rights of the note were removed.&amp;#160; The modification&#13;also removed and deleted
 in its entirety
 all secured interests in cash
 accounts receivable
 other receivables
 inventory
 supplies
&#13;and other assets of Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings
 including intangibles
 and rights of each liquor license owned by Sn&amp;#246;bar Trust.&#13;The maturity date was December 31
 2015 if Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings is not in default
 the maturity date of the note should automatically&#13;be extended to December 31
 2016 (&amp;#8220;First Extended Maturity Date&amp;#8221;). Commencing on January 1
 2016
 Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings&#13;was to make monthly payments of $15
000 until the First Extended Maturity Date.&amp;#160; Assuming Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings was not in&#13;default with respect to its obligations as of the First Extended Maturity Date
 the note would have automatically been extended&#13;to December 31
 2017 (&amp;#8220;Second Extended Maturity Date&amp;#8221;).&amp;#160; Commencing on January 1
 2017
 the monthly payments&#13;increased to $25
000 for every month until the Second Extended Maturity Date.&amp;#160; All accrued but unpaid interest
 charges and&#13;the remaining principal balance of the note was fully due and payable on the Second Extended Maturity Date. In January of 2016&#13;the company decided to enter into renegotiation period for the repayment terms of the modification dated January 29

 2017
 the Company entered a settlement agreement with one of its creditors for $527
333 of its long-term notes payable.&#13;The agreement called for issuance of 400
000 restricted shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock and $200
000 in future cash&#13;payment comprising of $25
000 on March 31
 2017
 $25
000 on March 31
 2018
 $25
000 on March 31
 2019
 and $125
000 on March 31
&#13;2020.&amp;#160; As of March 10
 2017
 the Company issued to the creditor
 400
000 restricted shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common&#13;stock
 and also paid the $25
000 for the required March 31
 2017 cash payment. The $25
000 payment due in 2018 was paid to JRSR26&#13;on March 1
 2018. The balance of the note as of December 31
 2017 is $175

 2015
 the Company entered into amended promissory notes with a certain unrelated third party in an amount of $272
500
&#13;one for $172
500
 and two others for $50
000 each. All of the notes have an interest rate of 8% and had a maturity date of August&#13;13
 2017
 but have been extended to November 15
 2017 for a fee of $15
000. The notes had a principal outstanding balance of $207
500&#13;as of December 31

 the Company entered into a financing arrangement with a lending institution pursuant to which the Company borrowed&#13;a principal of $129

 2017
 the issued a Convertible Promissory Note to JSJ Investments Inc. for total gross proceeds of $75
000. The note&#13;is convertible at any time after the issuance date
 bears interest at 12% and matures on April 12

 2017
 the Company had short-term notes payable of $456
914 and long-term notes payable of $311





 2017
 the Company&amp;#8217;s Board of Directors approved the Company&amp;#8217;s 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the &amp;#8220;2017&#13;Plan&amp;#8221;)
 which reserves a total of 1
500
000 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock for issuance under the 2017 Plan.&#13;Incentive awards authorized under the 2017 Plan include
 but are not limited to
 incentive stock options within the meaning of&#13;Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended
 subject to the approval of the 2017 Plan by the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;stockholders. If an incentive award granted under the 2017 Plan expires
 terminates
 is unexercised or is forfeited
 or if any&#13;shares are surrendered to us in connection with the exercise of an incentive award
 the shares subject to such award and the surrendered&#13;shares will become available for further awards under the 2017 Plan. All of the shares under the 2017 Plan were registered in&#13;the Company&amp;#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 21

 the Company issued 1
240
000 shares of its common stock under the 2017 Plan and pursuant to the Form S-8 to a certain&#13;consultant in settlement of amounts owed by the Company for services provided by such consultant. As of December 31
 2017
 other&#13;than such issuance




 2018
 the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the &amp;#8220;APA&amp;#8221;) with Royalty Foods
 LLC
 a Nevada&#13;limited liability corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (&amp;#8220;Royalty Foods&amp;#8221;)
 and San Diego Farmers&#13;Outlet
 Inc.
 a California corporation (&amp;#8220;SDFO&amp;#34;). Pursuant to the APA
 at the closing of the transactions contemplated&#13;therein (the &amp;#8220;Closing&amp;#8221;)
 Royalty Foods agreed to acquire substantially all of the operating assets and assume certain&#13;liabilities of SDFO (the &amp;#8220;Asset Purchase&amp;#8221;). SDFO is a wholesale and retail seller of fresh produce
 groceries
 meals
&#13;food and other food-related goods. SDFO was founded in 2002 and is located in San Diego

 including
 among others
 SDFO&amp;#8217;s material performance or compliance with&#13;obligations and covenants required by the APA
 SDFO&amp;#8217;s delivery to the Company and the Company's satisfaction upon review&#13;of certain due diligence items
 the Company successfully securing financing to complete the Asset Purchase (the &amp;#8220;Financing&amp;#8221;)
&#13;and SDFO&amp;#8217;s execution of Ancillary Agreements (as defined below). At Closing
 upon satisfaction of each of the closing conditions&#13;set forth in the Agreement
 Royalty Foods agreed to acquire those properties
 rights
 contracts
 claims and assets of SDFO (defined&#13;in the Agreement as the &amp;#8220;Transferred Assets&amp;#8221;)
 and assume certain liabilities of SDFO (defined in the Agreement as&#13;the &amp;#8220;Assumed Liabilities&amp;#8221;). The total consideration to be paid by the Company to SDFO under the APA is $1
050
000&#13;in cash
 subject to inventory
 accounts payable



 2015
 Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings entered into the Share Exchange Agreement with the Company and Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings&amp;#8217;&#13;shareholders (the &amp;#8220;Sn&amp;#246;bar Shareholders&amp;#8221;) who held of record (i) at least 99% and up to 100% of the total issued&#13;and outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock and (ii)&amp;#160;100% of the total issued and outstanding shares of Class B Common&#13;Stock
 of Sn&amp;#246;bar Holding. In accordance with the terms and provisions of the Share Exchange Agreement
 the Company acquired&#13;all of the issued and outstanding shares of Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings&amp;#8217; Class A and Class B Common Stock from Sn&amp;#246;bar Shareholders
&#13;with Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company
 in exchange for the issuance to the Sn&amp;#246;bar Shareholders&#13;of 22
500
000 shares of restricted common stock of the Company and the issuance of 2
500

500
000 restricted shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock were issued for the following: 600
000 shares were issued for&#13;services for a total of $326
900 of non-cash expenses; a former officer of the Company received 1
000
000 shares in exchange for&#13;his 1
000
000 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s Series E Preferred Stock; and 900
000 shares were issued to extinguish $21

000
000 shares of its preferred stock
 $0.001 par value per share.&amp;#160;Effective as of&#13;October 2016
 the Company designated 1
000
000 shares of preferred stock as Series E Preferred Stock (the &amp;#8220;Series E Preferred&#13;Stock&amp;#8221;). Under the rights
 preferences and privileges of the Series E Preferred Stock
 for every share of Series E Preferred&#13;Stock held
 the holder thereof has the voting rights equal to 10 shares of common stock.&amp;#160;The Series E Preferred Stock is&#13;not convertible into any class of stock of the Company and has no preferences to&amp;#160;dividends or liquidation rights.&amp;#160;As&#13;of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 there were 1
000

 2017 through December 31
 2017
 the Company issued2
849

 2017 through December31
 2017
 the Company issued 11
243
333 shares of its common stock and cancelled 4
960
000 shares&#13;issued in the first quarter of 2017fiscal year as a result of a failure to close an acquisition
 resulting in a net issuance of&#13;9
132
884 (including converted 2
849

000
000 shares of its common stock
 $0.001 par value per share.&amp;#160;Holders of common&#13;stock have one vote per share. As of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 there were 36
430
248 and 27
297
364 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;common stock issued and outstanding


 &lt;br /&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;December 31
 &lt;br /&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%&gt;Computers&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;15
986&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;15
986&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Freezers&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;39
153&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;39
153&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Office Furniture&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;15
687&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;15
687&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Rugs&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;6
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;6
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Software - Accounting&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
901&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
901&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Telephone System&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;5
814&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;5
814&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Video Camera&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1
528&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1
528&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Accumulated Depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(59
225&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(55
231&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Net Book Value&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;27
843&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;31


000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: center&gt;February 2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;1
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;272
500&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;9/30/2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;207
500&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;129
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;7/25/2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;129
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;75
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;7/12/2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;75
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;15
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;7/22/2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;15
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;86
821&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;3/14/2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;86
821&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;10
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;2/21/2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;10
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;30
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;2/1/2012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;25
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;500
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;5/19/2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;175
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;44
414&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;5/1/2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;44
414&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Total:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;914
321&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;768



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    

    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    

 which include cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable


000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: center&gt;12/10/2010&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;122
692&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;A. Masjedi&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;500
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;6/1/2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;231
067&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;M. Shenkman&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;10
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;2/21/2012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;10
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;M. Shenkman&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;10
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;2/23/2102&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;10
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;M. Shenkman&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;10
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;3/14/2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;6
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;M. Shenkman&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;16
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;9/9/2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;16
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;696
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;395






















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      














      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 $0.001 par value
 10
000
000 shares authorized
 1
000
000 Series E




 $0.001 par value
 100
000
000 shares authorized
 36
430
248 and 27
297
364 issued and outstanding



      


      


      


      


































      






      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      

      






      






      


      






      






      





      

      





      


      

      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      






      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      






      


      

      


      

      


      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      


      


      


      






      

      

      

      


      

      


      


      

      

      

      





      


      


      


      





      


      


      

      


      






































      


      


      


      

      


      


      

      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      







      







      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      








 Value



 Shares


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      





 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant


      

      

      


 Interest Rate








      




      





 Contingent Consideration



































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 header.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!



[%5%O Z
MA70(J&.19 [P1C*_N_


D

M]6CK]!T*ZMKQ-2U#%G;V1

ME9&CAR1]Y45B=L4

;[98R[E$PV17*Y5&5&=7#Y $J$IOP







MR_

7[V1L@8 
DAR

MT63+%$DKFXE^:)(Q(ZK\P!D4;B=Z]



MZ4.)KB9+A'GBDCD+-;_96*+&ADDPCJNX8Q7)RI1J583G&6L[+:
.9\MNEDDE

M0].BT73Y[V[


#;KME?B:Y5B
MWD[O+)\NW)#.
?O))


\1PH6VH#_ +3%Y,#+,W.!6UX1_Y







8PE7J22J*


=I=
D)PQ@=4
MF@
AX9Q&^0C$
T9B:Z6%&#(S6\
4


M+

KG



Y
MSCVFM75I9K8+:Z?/;K




-Q;I:73Q
MGRKB0RV[
V?.^SO&TK 8!0EF W'YB=P0-P37-&-*-*G)R3K*M6JPNM6UWY;/

M5\$Q-;


S8YS
EK9W%


-
M];M)YT;O=('W7

M(KL3.5C#NQ4

MJ
8KE:E=QZ[[[65_7Y'/'.#G#+VP
@QA@#D@*I)QGA0
$=*Z34(H=::'4+

((FE4D02/*B(+
MB
J5D3@*0%!.






_)/I&/OW





MDI*I'ELHM;:RBT_EL_D$*M*


[S PS7;D$Q@1H (PADV



#?\)O^=]N_7;<'4C[6-I62IZQL[M-)=NF^YS?B6)YM-*RQOMTBW1M


M^*U[W0K2SM9[E-;L;IX%#UBCMXY9BTBQD 1ZA+)N^;.2G(4@G( +O=N9M7




MG6%EC8YC$AEC\J8!0

KE3U4D$5E:E96D4%C?Z?+



M5

M;E/DO/MYM+%@SF+[
UF'D&R1TF6=9B

M'4\D=LXLW=W=7LPGNI?


MA1D
6)2)3YA5BBXPN:5YM/L-.N;&TNVU&?43DTY@:WA@MX29$CC#
6F/F$
M@.2




*Q:]^UQ_V;YOVS]Y]G
1F
M3)@?[1M+N4R(7F=OEP$C8!B0,]!N\8YX.I@8_PG4?A@J /; '0^M96H6EQH


V









BMU(
C)

M8I#;JQ(*2W$@V1 ?

L*!W95+
MX6

MXU&W=QA



UW
M.@:D=9@N-


MI3K4HM\\))PFXZ\W-]JRUL^:VRU1I5ARP?1QU3OV_KM_D8E]:/9WMQ9NP/V:
M=8_

MVI7?P24#$#!^8J-U7/%\2+JD+F
'S;*%NA0.\3
K(KC)CXW*TFQVP$^3BK%A






_:/\







)

8I8KG5V


MF)TV^6


MD'EQ7A#2P-#


D/:2
GIPZYZY[$]#STI
YY
M4ELD*N
$L20%4'.-S$C;GY=W#E0






(IK Y/V+GC)O$Y.22Q.S)9B68DG)SST #_ /A
=9ZB

M.*G-J

MYH/B'4-5OC:W20(@MVD!A$BOQ)$#(X*
JU/V+;J<VCTL
MM-WKL.?MG&2?*TT[Z2V6O5$_B32[S4VL1:B W6Z
GG7 4 RFUV@



MT=G9Z+IN/\.
6NKR.)ECO+C3KF'3YF&5@NB$/F!PC%&VDA&9$4
(OGRS@:$-
MOJNGZ?K

O

8)/&-V 




'RDO4=%8@#+
S*2#AL;3@:EX?O]




G)'4GO%-87$5/9QIRP\FFH-3=13:BI7E*5I*]U'


MS%(49L#+CCH12

ML8_L?PV!GBVN 2.

=[CS3(V)8Y<%8&Y4*






M']E^$R%PDK62J2N0WGZE+&K

M&PLB2R1Y W+EY DIP& !SZ;:Z37=?LM2L([.UBNX=D]NY
R* PL

MSHV4=UY !(KFOFP#A@




M.N2ZHR_/&H!\Q]BHG[KS)5R
T\JV1M!.@^4 9R1G:K+@] RCJ/E7'';'7-
M3?2]1OS*L
\.K6EO#&$C7[/$PF=[?:4_=Q^;&BMU=8BQ4Y;GUF[L]0N8;NU
MC,4TUM&+V/RA$@NV;EHS_P M$9@5=^V2X()YFM2HPBG3J5'+EC*3G?G;DI*





)0%[LSJ3(95GP(L3[5V@],M*O)5
MJU6YI2A0BY6ORREM:%EOHGK;YNQE*=X-IN_2Z6F_9[[%&U%M+97=F]U#9S





3[2LDT3I&?



M!&15S3O#^H:C$DL(ME@D


MH$]KIZB;&EV
-GOFC
7G
A13)%$P5_); /F'&YMX&

M-+I'AZ:\&;QXKE9G=0)9(!*$MV=NK;T:*;)&/F)  .3S#9*M@X(4Y!P
$Y!!
MP!@+U..O;'!K3$I.KI[JGLI7O%245:6^OIW0J2:@WHN5N]^OI;2W8[#3M/T[




M6GT74HI

B')&&![\#J/

M);0*LLPB:9S#OD?


*\BGGC2W@DANKXNJI-+*]U')Y<2;
M!$J1R-#F3:



M2'5=O-*Q,VVXM&90MU&A1DPQ)%U$06B'7#-F-LA5)9L5A[ 5(R#D,V
#:5


D



M\\VW*4K-Q@K:K5V6]MGOHM!5(S4'SROT5KZV];7=]_0N^
6!O[(9+&.S+'.






.4LBRUSW]A+IU^LX

\ZLL@5T*+

V!T]0
^P()X8$_Q(?L^?\$R/^#C[_@E_9^(?A3^Q#\?





P0QV6EW/BSQ+J<%M(MSJ*WG]%W_
M  5R_P")O\ P4(_X*C_ /!1CPK\5=7\0? [PE^QUX.C^&?PDT.7XG^)F^)
MFC?!F'Q#9^)?C/XJL?5K\/$TR'Q_P+;O5O$\=AI@\31_:(=#\&6NHZW!'I

:O\6?B!87_A2^^)OB71/'


MI?%P$?OX@D\E?&N*-RY&T64^
JP8##;N#D*#LRQ0E?/SF*EE6:TXMN;RO&

M3U

C[Y28$* N[G



M(JCE&:$F3G@L
9R*V?$




MTEO



M[=?G)XU^!'4#%PQ8@G@*.O.#Q[\935/ZO4'9J;BW**:BE2A--VC=ZSL^FW


M4 P[C2KT:DY*2A+FDHTVERN-M+13;UV?KZ%17A.TDGRM*^]WH^O]=3J/&9S_








BB!HTGS\X2$ KR

6^8J6$2#:T
MDQ'/$2KOP 2[A$!C!9Z[Z6\TSPM!%8H9YIV;SO*0D3R[\*TTK-+Y=I&[#.V(




'?(H1M@^5@V =L+3



:;=@#_
M *9# PZX'WL   _\!]
TB3ZEHUU=6\4CVDR.89]BQL7\LY4?O$!VG.\'C&X)





M8WCF7RXE5H7!1E+(K$!U)';J#G.173BY8?V\U.5=S?Q1IJ#BGNMXMZ-+4QI*



MB%-

4W$4UJP$]I(
MS,9F<EXT9I68'C#RD1R=%W;Z]TG3KRVO&CN+V^@TRP%G$1'%;*(_-\J:9U+


QYK1TW39]5NEMH0%12'GG?=Y<,:E3N8J=S$XC7D



M

MF


MCNH24F8$K$B2%=R2.58K@#GM7L+:W%G=V4LDEAJ$+RVP?AX)$SYT3-E@V#D
M8SG*X.36^EGHYTB]2'5@MBU_:.\LEJ\DUL3'(1:




<820$
M-QY8G.U51O
$/R!MZL  2=H!)Y #[3:+NT

RL/[V

 9&:O^+G3^VF*D?+:6



M.^O9[*_WV
.TN[BRN([NUD$

MTIN'T71S.&#F4P2Y9P
[O+$OE[NG^R3V[U4U2SMH%T^\LQ)':ZE TT=O(0SV
MS*S))&9

X &3T#


*C#)#%E7GA@=

M52C*J^:52/


2!!);YDME8L5FM L+$4@)_P (Q9QGS)?$%E]GW G:L*2%
M3T!(N7Q(3MY5?)^0Y7@53GT1/[$@U6TGFG+K$;F!@K) @79=D*H#$17Q.Y.


MI2?

4I8Z=;JB
MSLQ EFD27SI#G+2'

E2#SG(';.[\\9)]\9]*[6*-M$\.





M)8!EH)
S6A8Y86[
5$;\G+P
&A9NCHBR?Q8JYX6N)+?5UC!_=WL
UNZX!WG!






M(LS1SX$;75V$)CC

8O[01X'[LZW&N$QGYXUEPH
MR44AE)W
1HK5&(W&<Y/FYSEI9;B4(LBY^SQK(<


M^$QU7^Y:?]^)O_CU%/\ (\&?\][K_O\ 7'_R-156Q?\ T&87_P '4?\ (?)0

M)

M^







M#+PYX\\6R-C
=T]WXCM]6:TD)VED75=3E1EW-=R
[(GJD'QK^(VDV*:;X=UV




$8@DJWY:Z$GQF^+-W'
M8:/JWC[Q?([[9;JX\1Z\=!M/-;9OO=3DNDTB!$)
@7:TT: L;5EX/VYH_P $
M=-^$/P6^)TEQ/::MXOU[PCJKZ_K=O$T4*QPVL[PZ1I1F'VD:9;RR2RR32^7+


97Q%;#8B52IB:]2


;SHYD#8QC8 H3
MV[F8$$+7.D@ YP/7C=R

MR*



M'!4FH!AAR
N.N<G(I/^$G3G_B1:1R



.
D/\A&

MTD.J0V\D

MG
T!A$;0!5!0LT; * %=I
!EP6PS -%T:_M;NXA;4-46W@2T@D$OD6T4BR%Y


MJ^







X(=9[F





M.
2#(_=J5/W)=Y#?

S
BQJ FZ2-

1]ECLW6

M[21/)#;HZ8#[ 5R8SPP=PV5/'G[

0O
M  H !Y/+

D]22



MT


YKSDT[W;79(IW3ENDG=N[\
MM'\EH&A:4M[+-=W8QI]@&FG=R-CM'ETC#D8;80LLB@981^4N&E!7IM2O1J?A


M'%?:7=748D+64-VYN-L?WPA=/+8@$G8K
Q(YZ5QJG6Q$(*-.\(:QFEK.U][;
M::O8W]R

.

@L&&KE2"I!!P05))4YZC/
MOWKH#J:6&AVEMIEQ&+Z[+2:C/'N6YC19!)') H.U581
%. D
Y&2%)SITXR

0%
M

MNK:=0C;4#J-I1DSUN^';R[O6O=



MN6S35[ZB5Y^[*-I15_\ @].S^XU]9:*35I_(
3EOL:2O;X$4UX;.%+AX]D?

H9/-(R3D

OP_ILU_?6TWE


M(T@\I&&UB=X4EBH );
Q5E9U*[6(;9VG)5Y4Z\I\W





MD1M$-F%E6=2LR


5

8@LZ
N6C8X&54%#C!7DUH+XDLXV

#BX(B20R


MQ5*G2OI!OW%:+Y?1N+;MZOKUL')!RG9WE]K=7UZV_P B[?WUSJ4[7%W)YC!0

59@.1@[226;)SG)-.-2KKSS7
M


'D:76M/KGRYVF;+!<&24$Y!!4LFS'\1^7H:ZGQE($TVQB) 8WPE1V


MNE01VT

M6%A;$$_

M7SW6^




UT-
2ZW




4LMC?V[26US'Y@8J8YHR)8D8

M/?R^6YMX8+6



HRL[T.O+J_F?

09
Y?A+72]1O!(UO:2ND

]^I


M$]


M&0L

BJ\;7
Y&]WE
:[FC^?;&K9&T;L
M@O\VX?ME?MF+)YP_;*_;$68*L8F3]JG]H%9?+7K'O_ .%CEO+1!A$! 7[I


ML4RL&CCE1U/#(KHZY(!8

M\T_]8






2B^/?_ 
\*HGX.XVI/GGQ%
MA&]O=RS%0OZM8G7TVO9E+CK#)-++

MME3*J2_MD?M@RI$H2%)?VI_C_((T'\*AOB(511V55 SSD8Q4'_#7W[8?_1X/
M[7?_ (E'\?/_ )X5.IX-XR;B_P#6+#*T;?[CC.[?_03YA#CG#Q3MEU?5WUQ&
W\#ZK(JO<3):EO^62P37,J
MJ.=C*!%;H0<$*:?& !@<U++X%U!?GAN@[8&!<6

M/_BA_\ *3_1OO-,UPF\B[MY(V(RC(F*55.-R/M .&!4_.




MTOR/])]O%VJD +80JPSER+IT;//RQB=/*&1C[P&#MP1\IP[_ %'5=3!2X=Q#





A
M.% 7

+


M I9U50!QS_ )M8_:\_;![_ +8/[71'O^U)\?/R('Q#'\_?V*']KS]L+M^V
M%^UUGG_FZ3X]X'T_XN$3^OXFJ7A!CDI2AGN74YSTG.&6XRG)Q:LU98G?=WOV

(DCDCV[5

@\G

KZ]\3AOQ

D3RJ(W+0J^4W9Z
C]#SGCT

.IVEK(EZBLZ[
MXV

M@K&1L]!P 




?9?^=QEUAF)9BWDSDLS,S,S P$ EF;C
M)XY[Y.Z+?2QX;=0-1&CF?#2&*;[1YAO8PRD+K%&N 2Q
3L8-I+$YK_-+_X:

M_

MS_F_R?M?_MBRN\C_ +8G[7CR.VYG?]J;X^N[M@ M([?$


\_YN/_#7G[8?





=
MAY9_'H


^I_:C^/AX[C_DH7?C\J7_$%\9K_P 9'AO_  AQG_S2
16

M&  
8&/^%CX&/05I'P8J+X\_IR;WM@\5RW[I?6-%][(_U[HMM++JKOHE]:5]
MKVLHJ-_1)?B?Z4&K03:3X9M]/2WE62806\I

'K'(
MO7.%\^

NPXC?=M/.P\





2$E_-CR&7O!/I6M1&*3R[R

W_X:\_;)_Y/_:YQZ?\-2?'

;

M]L-\%OVP_P!KMF' +?M3?'YB /N@$_$3C\B!VS6B\):L7SPS3 1DO^H'&7?_


G
MOV]JSCX
XR




@G/\

M:_\ VQ8G22+]L3]KJ.1!\CI^U+\?D=


M G4?_ 1O_B:*_P Y/_AM+]M3_H]+]LG_ 

ML5_\T!_KW2_Z%]7_ 






MQOP;_P'*^.O_P ]*OVJHHY5VR[+[D?BK_Q#L?\$8O^C&_!O_AROCK_ //2
MH_XAV/\ @C%_T8WX-_\ #E?'7_YZ5?M511RKL%EV7W(_%7_B'8_X(Q?]&-^#

;\&_^'*^.O_STJ_:JBCE78++LON1^*O\



)D$?DRX1M




M.NEBN]-U?2M0MKBSU#3KJ)+JWN8I()HX9HQ'+_N&M$C#E1QTSVY!Q]#@!AT8



6EU%%=6EW#-9W





XW C&T
2#G)!X&YH7ACQ7XJEU:'PGX







=T+R'0]5M;2Q!;?R'[)V;;6FWG]]OU




M?#OPN_X*ZZ;HG['5_P#LDW?_  30^+WP6\!_LZ?&Q_&GQJU+4?VD[+Q?\2M'

MZ@-6_KU_R&Z4KZ-/[_/R?8_G(W'L


L 
@%JF@AN+NXM[

7C70H








M!G[-EY_P4 _X+'_LPMX?O?VA_AS^R-^Q[^WGXP_9ROKS5_%$WB*Q^(_P9\7?
M#G3/AQXB\SX=ZOI



MUOK





D@9&

M_A\?_P $G_V=[KP1JFK_  =^/?[.W_!.R^^+/A#Q/\3?BWXQ?Q2_Q4U_XCVW
MC.SC\4^
O'GB#QGX=T.]M;6SL=)\

M/V5!_P3P^)7[3/P3_9D\,_L_P#Q#^'_!6CXE_L):0G@KXC?%OQI#\1?@SX


MEPN/F+$N%CC/S$


MI!PBGH[_ '7_ .&U



M1M'/#'*&C3][/V;M9_:/\&_\$3?%GBG_ ()\2_%CP_\ 'V]_X*%1Z+^U]XW_

MF:KJ$%AJOB#3M5\G_:

:E;ZM:_9O@+]AG]@OQ?







]*NO#OC?XEZ?X6T#QCJ\?A


M_P!FKQ%_P05U3P]\*[[X4_$KX]? _P#9L^
'Q]M]4G\81:YXK^)U[^T!X#L?


MCHVH^
=:TJQ

M;3AE(*OAA@?JW^Q'\

M&O''Q5\+^%? -[X\^//C_1]:\
:AX/M?&EOIWQ T+0-+CM-%\.Z1\9;'X@3:






VK=KN_Y6/R
M)HH'0?TZ?A100%%%% !1110!_N
4445T'H!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 )GYL?[.?UIK

M\)_CKJ[[M4^.?P)O+7P!XT\3W4
$ZP7WQ!TR&QO/!_Q&U-/.AC;Q%XM\/:AX


M
 _\ #F'7L#_C








M 
%!?B/J_BSX

?$W4_$WP=T/P!JR:SX%T7X1Z_J'[2MUJ_
MPQT?P1K
@UGP5IG@:]T&R\(ZQ''JOAZ#3K]([A.6\3_\$@OB+XT\1ZWXQ\;?


OCO1/


MJ_\ !1CXM?%+P)\




MO&MCI)&F6?BV]T.?Q!;:=%!8P:A';1+&2B@7V.;[3NF[ZO5(?JW_  2B^
6N






MFFG3/'=E\(-&^*_PKLO'&EV@O;6#3?&=GX _::\.VWBJRMX-4U**TMM=COX+
M6#4;^WBB$%W/&Y11=A=KE:;NE9/YLY?P!_P2?^+WP@\9Z+\0/A+^W!XD^%/Q
M\+3:@/#/Q!^%_PX\:_#OQ[X=;6]$O=U=] \:^#OVB-&\4Z*=6T+5]3T/5O
M[



MMM:UV.]\0Z?X=M=:NDU[7$N+^1-7U(7111=F4)-M7;=UKJ^U_P ]39U/_@FQ







ZQV22)&
)_P#@D7\2/'?B37O''CG]LO4/''C;Q7J]SK7B
MGQGXV^$_BCQ?XP\3Z[?R-<7NM^)?%7B+]H'4=?U_5[N5/,NM2U74;J^N99+

ZQX



M_70[;XC?\$T_VD_C%8^#]#^


MCX:_M.^%QKB:0E[=II2:H+I-

M?MX^-/AM\4]+N]7OK#XI?#WP-X_\$?$VSO\ Q39W=AXDOK3XA^%_VC=*\9V]

?^






_A

H-&_\

MW_A@[W_Y^5%%!C+[/^%?J_U#_AS#KW_1T&C?^&#O?_GY4?\ #F'7O^CH-&_\


end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2017
Mar. 25
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017













 Inc.






















































  2017



































































817
024



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



569
655









If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016













284





589





Inventory
 net








500


500





158


767










Fixed assets
 net

843


838





843


838





001


605



















085


475





503


060







042



Current portion
 notes payable

914


000



Current portion
 notes payable - related party

759





Current portion
 leases payable








314
261


577












821


333





000


048





821


211
381





668
082


635
958










Preferred stock
 $0.001 par value
 10
000
000 shares authorized
 1
000
000 Series E
 issued and outstanding

000


000



Common stock
 $0.001 par value
 100
000
000 shares authorized
 36
430
248 and 27
297
364 issued and outstanding
 respectively

430


297





300
514


722
452





970
024)


327
102)





632
080)


576
353)





001


605




































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold or consumed after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of payments made in excess of existing cash balances
 which will be honored by the bank but reflected as a loan to the entity. Overdrafts generally have a very short time frame for correction or repayment and are therefore more similar to short-term bank financing than trade financing.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























The carrying amount of consideration received or receivable as of the balance sheet date on potential earnings that were not recognized as revenue in conformity with GAAP
 and which are expected to be recognized as such within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 including sales
 license fees
 and royalties
 but excluding interest income.




























Carrying value of amounts transferred to third parties for security purposes that are expected to be returned or applied towards payment within one year or during the operating cycle
 if shorter.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.






















































































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
























































Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 payable to related parties
 which are due after one year (or one business cycle).




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016









Common Stock
 par value






Common Stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common Stock
 shares issued

430
248


297
364



Common Stock
 shares outstanding

430
248


297
364



Series E Preferred Stock
 par value






Series E Preferred Stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Series E Preferred Stock
 shares issued

000
000


000
000



Series E Preferred Stock
 shares outstanding

000
000


000
000

































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016









Sales
 net of discounts



763







020)







743










Selling
 general and administrative

749


007





807







995


993





437


845





988


845





988)


102)












963)


063)





849







042


577)





059)


742)












059)


742)



















430
248


297
364






























































































This element represents the gains or losses whether arising from extinguishment of debt
 prior period adjustments
 or from other events or transactions
 that are both unusual in nature and infrequent in occurrence thereby meeting the criteria for an event or transaction to be classified as an extraordinary item. This element is gross of the related tax effect.


























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.

























































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
























































The aggregate amount of expenditures for salaries
 wages
 profit sharing and incentive compensation
 and other employee benefits
 including equity-based compensation
 and pension and other postretirement benefit expense.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
























































Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.





















































































Expenditures for salaries other than officers. Does not include allocated share-based compensation
 pension and post-retirement benefit expense or other labor-related non-salary expense. For commercial and industrial companies
 excludes any direct and overhead labor that is included in cost of goods sold.




























Aggregate cash discounts given by the entity for goods sold to customers including
 but not limited to
 early payments of accounts due. For example
 selling terms of 2/10, net 30 entitle a customer to a 2% discount for prompt payment within 10 days
 otherwise full payment is expected in 30 days. Discounts are a deduction from gross revenue in arriving at net revenue.




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Balance at Dec. 31
 2014



000


155
072


806
093)


649
637)



Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2014

031


000
000











974




974)







Shares issued for reverse merger
 shares

974
000

















648




089



Note conversion
 shares

000



















552)


552)



Balance at Dec. 31
 2015

799


000


455
746


870
645)


388
100)



Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2015

799
031


000
000

















286


286





498




706




204



Note conversion
 shares

498
333



















743)


742)



Balance at Dec. 31
 2016

297


000


722
452


327
102)


576
353)



Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2016

297
364


000
000

















863)


863)





850




369




219



Note conversion
 shares

849
551













243




693




936



Shares Issued
 shares

243
333













960)








960)



Cancelled shares
 shares

960
000)



















059)


059)



Balance at Dec. 31
 2017

430


000


300
514


970
024)


632
080)



Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2017

430
248


000
000










































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

































































































































































































































































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











059)


742)



















995


993












606)









020





000


880





238)


108)





874


253)





034)


194)

































914


000







577





333)







705)







196


976







285)





820


268





215)


074





284









284












167


619












850





































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.













































































































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
























































Amount of cash paid
 after deduction of cash paid for capitalized interest
 for interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.

























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.















































































































































The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.




























The cash inflow from the sale of property
 plant and equipment (capital expenditures)
 software
 and other intangible assets.

























































The cash outflow for the payment of a long-term borrowing made from a related party where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]





NATURE
OF OPERATIONS


The
Company and Nature of Business

Pacific
Ventures Group
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company
&#8221;&#8220;we
&#8221;&#8220;us&#8221; or &#8220;our&#8221;) was incorporated under
the laws of the state of Delaware on October 3
 1986
 under the name AOA Corporation. On November 12
 1991
 the Company changed
its name to American Eagle Group
 Inc. On October 22
 2012
 the Company changed its name to &#8220;Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.&#8221;.

The
current structure of the Company resulted from a share exchange with Sn&#246;bar Holdings
 Inc. (&#8220;Sn&#246;bar Holdings&#8221;)
which was treated as a reverse merger for accounting purposes. On August 14
 2015
 the Company entered into a share exchange agreement
(the &#8220;Share Exchange Agreement&#8221;) with Sn&#246;bar Holdings
 pursuant to which the Company acquired 100% of the issued
and outstanding shares of Sn&#246;bar Holdings&#8217; Class A and Class B common stock in exchange for 22
500
000 restricted shares
of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 while simultaneously issuing 2
500
000 restricted shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock
to certain other persons
 including for services provided and to a former officer of the Company (the &#8220;Share Exchange&#8221;).

As
the result of the Share Exchange
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings became the Company&#8217;s wholly owned operating subsidiary and the business
of Sn&#246;bar Holdings became the Company&#8217;s sole business operations and MAS Global Distributors
 Inc.
 a California corporation
(&#8220;MGD&#8221;)
 became an indirect subsidiary of the Company.

Prior
to the Share Exchange
 the Company operated as an insurance holding company and through its subsidiaries
 which marketed and underwrote
specialized property and casualty coverage in the general aviation insurance marketplace. However
 in 1997
 after selling several
of its divisions
 the Company&#8217;s remaining insurance operations were placed into receivership and the Company ceased operating
its insurance business.

Since
the Share Exchange represented a change in control of the Company and a change in business operations
 the Company&#8217;s business
operations changed to that of Sn&#246;bar Holdings and the discussions of business operations accompanying this filing are solely
that of Sn&#246;bar Holdings and its affiliates and subsidiaries comprising of Sn&#246;bar 
International Production Impex Corporation
 a California corporation (&#8220;IPIC&#8221;)
and MGD.

Sn&#246;bar
Holdings was formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on January 7

Trust
 a California
trust (&#8220;Trust&#8221;)
 which was formed in June 1
 2013. The current trustee that holds legal title to the Trust is Clark
Rutledge
 the father of Shannon Masjedi
 the Company&#8217;s President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Interim Chief Financial Officer
Treasurer
 and majority stockholder. The Trust owns 100% of the shares of IPIC
 which was formed on August 2

in the business of selling alcohol-infused ice cream and ice-pops
 and holds all of the rights to the liquor licenses to sell


all ownership interest of IPIC and its liquor licenses
 permitting IPIC to sell its product to distributors
 with all income
expense
 gains and losses rolling up to the Trust
 of which Sn&#246;bar Holdings is the sole beneficiary. Sn&#246;bar Holdings
 of selling and leasing



 liabilities and any income received
from the business of the Trust and IPIC through the Trust and is the parent company of MGD.

The
Trust and IPIC are considered variable interest entities (&#8220;VIEs&#8221;) and Sn&#246;bar Holdings is identified as the primary
beneficiary of the Trust and IPIC. Under the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) Accounting Standards Codification
(&#8220;ASC&#8221;) 810
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings performs ongoing reassessments of whether it is the primary beneficiary of a VIE.
As the assessment of Sn&#246;bar Holdings&#8217; management is that Sn&#246;bar Holdings has the power to direct the activities
of a VIE that most significantly impact the VIE&#8217;s activities (it is responsible for establishing and operating IPIC)
 and
the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE and the right to receive benefits
from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE&#8217;s economic performance
 it was therefore concluded by management
that Sn&#246;bar Holdings is the primary beneficiary of the Trust and IPIC. As such
 the Trust and IPIC were consolidated in the
financial statements of Sn&#246;bar Holdings since the inception of the Trust
 in the case of the Trust
 and since the inception
of Sn&#246;bar Holdings
 in the case of IPIC.

Principles
of Consolidation

The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings and its subsidiaries
 in which Sn&#246;bar
Holdings has a controlling voting interest and entities consolidated under the variable interest entities (&#8220;VIE&#8221;)
provisions of ASC 810
 &#8220;Consolidation&#8221; (&#8220;ASC 810&#8221;). Inter-company balances and transactions have been
eliminated upon consolidation.

The
Company applies the provisions of ASC 810 which provides a framework for identifying VIEs and determining when a company should
include the assets
 liabilities
 non-controlling interests and results of activities of a VIE in its consolidated financial statements.

In
general
 a VIE is a corporation
 partnership
 limited-liability corporation
 trust
 or any other legal structure used to conduct
activities or hold assets that either (1) has an insufficient amount of equity to carry out its principal activities without additional
subordinated financial support
 (2)&#160;has a group of equity owners that is unable to make significant decisions about its activities
(3)&#160;has a group of equity owners that does not have the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive returns generated
by its operations or (4) the voting rights of some investors are not proportional to their obligations to absorb the expected
losses of the entity
 their rights to receive the expected residual returns of the entity
 or both and substantially all of the
entity&#8217;s activities (for example
 providing financing or buying assets) either involve or are conducted on behalf of an
investor that has disproportionately fewer voting rights.

ASC
810 requires a VIE to be consolidated by the party with an ownership
 contractual or other financial interest in the VIE (a variable
interest holder) that has both of the following characteristics: a) the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly
impact the VIE&#8217;s economic performance and b) the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant
to the VIE
 or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE.

A
variable interest holder that consolidates the VIE is called the primary beneficiary. If the primary beneficiary of a variable
interest entity (VIE) and the VIE are under common control
 the primary beneficiary shall initially measure the assets
 liabilities
and non-controlling interests of the VIE at amounts at which they are carried in the accounts of the reporting entity that controls
the VIE (or would be carried if the reporting entity issued financial statements prepared in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles).&#160;ASC 810 also requires disclosures about VIEs in which the variable interest holder is not required
to consolidate but in which it has a significant variable interest.







The entire disclosure for the nature of an entity's business
 major products or services
 principal markets including location
 and the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination
 including but not limited to
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings. For an entity that has not commenced principal operations
 disclosures about the risks and uncertainties related to the activities in which the entity is currently engaged and an understanding of what those activities are being directed toward.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES


Principles
of Consolidation

The
consolidated financial statements include the Company
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings
 MGD
 IPIC and the Trust
 which was established to
hold IPIC
 which in turn holds liquor licenses. All inter-company accounts have been eliminated during consolidation. See the
discussion in Note 1 above for variable interest entity treatment of the Trust and IPIC.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.

Revenue
Recognition

Sales
revenues are generally recognized in accordance with the SAB 104 Public Company Guidance
 when an agreement exists and price is
determinable
 the products are shipped to the customers or services are rendered
 net of discounts
 returns and allowance and
collectability is reasonably assured. We are often entitled to bill our customers and receive payment from our customers in advance
of recognizing the revenue. In the instances in which we have received payment from our customers in advance of recognizing revenue
we include the amounts in deferred or unearned revenue on our consolidated balance sheet.

Unearned
Revenue

Certain
amounts are received pursuant to agreements or contracts and may only be used in the conduct of specified transactions or the
related services are yet to be performed. These amounts are recorded as unearned or deferred revenue and are recognized as revenue
in the year/period the related expenses are incurred or services are performed. As at December 31
 2017
 the Company has $0 in
deferred revenue.&#160; This is comparable to deferred revenue balance of $15
042 as of December 31
 2016
 which was as a result
of prepayment by two of its customers.

Shipping
and Handling Costs

The
Company&#8217;s shipping costs are all recorded as operating expenses for all periods presented.

Disputed
Liabilities

The
Company is involved in a variety of disputes
 claims
 and proceedings concerning its business operations and certain liabilities.
We determine whether an estimated loss from a contingency should be accrued by assessing whether a loss is deemed probable and
can be reasonably estimated. We assess our potential liability by analyzing our litigation and regulatory matters using available
information. We develop our views on estimated losses in consultation with outside counsel handling our defense in these matters
which involves an analysis of potential results
 assuming a combination of litigation and settlement strategies. Should developments
in any of these matters cause a change in our determination as to an unfavorable outcome and result in the need to recognize a
material accrual
 or should any of these matters result in a final adverse judgment or be settled for significant amounts
 they
could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
 cash flows and financial position in the period or periods
in which such change in determination
 judgment or settlement occurs.&#160; As of December 31
 2017
 the Company has $31
858 in
disputed liabilities on its balance sheet.

In
addition
 on January 28
 2016
 a labor dispute between IPIC and a former employee was ruled in favor of the former employee by
the Labor Commissioner of the State of California.&#160; This finding resulted in compensation expenses of $29
103 and an accrued
liability of the same amount on IPIC book for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2017.

Cash
Equivalents

The
Company considers highly liquid instruments with original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.&#160;As of
December 31
 2017
 the Company had a cash balance of $69 in cash and cash equivalents
 compared to $25
284 at December 31
 2016.

Accounts
Receivable

Accounts
receivable are stated at net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts.
The allowance is calculated based upon the level of past due accounts and the relationship with and financial status of our customers.
The Company did not write off any bad debts during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 and thus has not set an allowance
for doubtful accounts.



Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost or market value. Cost has been determined using the first-in
 first-out method. Inventory quantities
on-hand are regularly reviewed
 and where necessary
 reserves for excess and unusable inventories are recorded. Inventory consists
of finished goods and includes ice cream
 popsicles and the related packaging materials.&#160;As of December 31
 2017 and 2016
the Company has $0 in inventories.

Income
Taxes

Deferred
taxes are provided on an asset and liability method whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences
and operating loss carry forwards and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences
are the difference between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax basis. Deferred tax assets are reduced
by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates
on the date of enactment.

Net
Income/(Loss) Per Common Share

Income/(loss)
per share of common stock is calculated by dividing the net income/(loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock
outstanding during the period. The Company has no potentially dilutive securities. Accordingly
 basic and dilutive income/(loss)
per common share are the same.

Property
and Equipment

Property
and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and includes expenditures that substantially increase the useful
lives of existing property and equipment. Maintenance
 repairs
 and minor renovations are expensed as incurred. Upon sale or retirement
of property and equipment
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are eliminated from the respective accounts and the resulting
gain or loss is included in the results of operations. The Company provides for depreciation of property and equipment using the
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives or the term of the lease
 as appropriate. The estimated useful lives are
as follows: vehicles
 five years; office furniture and equipment
 three to fifteen years; equipment
 three years.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

The
carrying amounts of the Company&#8217;s financial instruments
 which include cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 and
accrued expenses are representative of their fair values due to the short-term maturity of these instruments.

Concentration
of Credit Risk

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash and accounts receivable.
The Company maintains cash balances at financial institutions within the United States which are insured by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation (&#8220;FDIC&#8221;) up to limits of approximately $250
000. The Company has not experienced any losses
with regard to its bank accounts and believes it is not exposed to any risk of loss on its cash bank accounts.

Critical
Accounting Policies

The
Company considers revenue recognition and the valuation of accounts receivable
 allowance for doubtful accounts
 and inventory
and reserves as its significant accounting policies. Some of these policies require management to make estimates and assumptions
that may affect the reported amounts in the Company&#8217;s financial statements.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

In
June 2009
 the FASB established the Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;Codification&#8221; or &#8220;ASC&#8221;) as the
source of authoritative accounting principles recognized by the FASB to be applied by nongovernmental entities in the preparation
of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;).&#160;
Rules and interpretive releases of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#8220;SEC&#8221;) issued under authority of federal
securities laws are also sources of GAAP for SEC registrants.&#160; Existing GAAP was not intended to be changed as a result of
the Codification
 and accordingly the change did not impact our financial statements.&#160; The ASC does change the way the guidance
is organized and presented.

In
April 2015
 FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) No. 2015-03
 &#8220;Interest &#8211; Imputation of Interest
(Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs&#8221;
&#160;to simplify presentation of debt issuance
costs by requiring that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct
deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability
 consistent with debt discounts. The ASU does not affect the recognition
and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs. For public companies
 the ASU is effective for financial statements issued for
fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted.

In
April 2015
 FASB issued ASU No. 2015-04
 &#8220;Compensation &#8211; Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Practical Expedient for
the Measurement Date of an Employer&#8217;s Defined Benefit Obligation and Plan Assets&#8221;
&#160;which permits the entity to
measure defined benefit plan assets and obligations using the month-end that is closest to the entity&#8217;s fiscal year-end
and apply that practical expedient consistently from year to year. The ASU is effective for public business entities for financial
statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application
is permitted.

In
April 2015
 FASB issued ASU No. 2015-05
 &#8220;Intangibles &#8211; Goodwill and Other &#8211; Internal-Use Software (Subtopic
350-40): Customer&#8217;s Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement&#8221;
 which provides guidance to customers
about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If such includes a software license
 then the customer
should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses.
If the arrangement does not include a software license
 the customer should account for it as a service contract. For public business
entities
 the ASU is effective for annual periods
 including interim periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December
15
 2015. Early application is permitted. We are currently reviewing the provisions of this ASU to determine if there will be
any impact on our results of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.

In
April 2015
 FASB issued ASU No. 2015-06
 &#8220;Earnings Per Share (Topic 260): Effects on Historical Earnings per Unit of Master
Limited Partnership Dropdown Transactions&#8221;
 which specifies that
 for purposes of calculating historical earnings per unit
under the two-class method
 the earnings (losses) of a transferred business before the date of a drop down transaction should
be allocated entirely to the general partner. In that circumstance
 the previously reported earnings per unit of the limited partners
(which is typically the earnings per unit measure presented in the financial statements) would not change as a result of the dropdown
transaction. Qualitative disclosures about how the rights to the earnings (losses) differ before and after the dropdown transaction
occurs for purposes of computing earnings per unit under the two-class method also are required. The ASU is effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15
 2015
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Earlier application is permitted.

In
June 2014
 FASB issued ASU No. 2014-10
 &#8220;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting
Requirements
 Including an Amendment to Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810
 Consolidation&#8221;. The update removes
all incremental financial reporting requirements from GAAP for development stage entities
 including the removal of Topic 915
from the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. In addition
 the update adds an example disclosure in Risks and Uncertainties
(Topic 275) to illustrate one way that an entity that has not begun planned principal operations could provide information about
the risks and uncertainties related to the company&#8217;s current activities. Furthermore
 the update removes an exception provided
to development stage entities in Consolidations (Topic 810) for determining whether an entity is a variable interest entity-which
may change the consolidation analysis
 consolidation decision
 and disclosure requirements for a company that has an interest
in a company in the development stage. The update is effective for the annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
including interim periods therein. Early application is permitted&#160;with the first annual reporting period or interim period
for which the entity&#8217;s financial statements have not yet been issued (Public business entities) or made available for issuance
(other entities). Our company adopted this pronouncement.

In
June 2014
 FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12
 &#8220;Compensation &#8211; Stock Compensation (Topic 718); Accounting for Share-Based
Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period&#8221;.
The amendments in this ASU apply to all reporting entities that grant their employees share-based payments in which the terms
of the award provide that a performance target that affects vesting could be achieved after the requisite service period. The
amendments require that a performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period
be treated as a performance condition. A reporting entity should apply existing guidance in Topic 718 as it relates to awards
with performance conditions that affect vesting to account for such awards. For all entities
 the amendments in this ASU are effective
for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015. Earlier adoption is permitted.
Entities may apply the amendments in this ASU either (a) prospectively to all awards granted or modified after the effective date
or (b) retrospectively to all awards with performance targets that are outstanding as of the beginning of the earliest annual
period presented in the financial statements and to all new or modified awards thereafter. If retrospective transition is adopted
the cumulative effect of applying this Update as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements
should be recognized as an adjustment to the opening retained earnings balance at that date. Additionally
 if retrospective transition
is adopted
 an entity may use hindsight in measuring and recognizing the compensation cost. This updated guidance is not expected
to have a material impact on our results of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.&#160;

In
August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15 on &#8220;Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) &#8211;
Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&#8217;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern&#8221;. Currently
 there is no guidance
in GAAP about management&#8217;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&#8217;s ability
to continue as a going concern or to provide related footnote disclosures. The amendments in this Update provide that guidance.
In doing so
 the amendments are intended to reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments
require management to assess an entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain
principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards. Specifically
 the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term substantial
doubt
 (2) require an evaluation every reporting period including interim periods
 (3) provide principles for considering the
mitigating effect of management&#8217;s plans
 (4) require certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result
of consideration of management&#8217;s plans
 (5) require an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is
not alleviated
 and (6) require an assessment for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued
(or available to be issued).

All
other newly issued accounting pronouncements which are not yet effective have been deemed either immaterial or not applicable.

We
reviewed all other recently issued accounting pronouncements and determined these have no current applicability to the Company
or their effect on the financial statements would not have been significant.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







GOING
CONCERN


The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As shown
in the accompanying consolidated financial statements
 the Company has incurred a net loss of $590
059 for the year ended December
31
 2017
 and has an accumulated deficit of $5
970
024 as at December 31
 2017.

In
order to continue as a going concern
 the Company will need
 among other things
 additional capital resources. The Company is
significantly dependent upon its ability
 and will continue to attempt
 to secure equity and/or additional debt financing. There
are no assurances that the Company will be successful and without sufficient financing it would be unlikely for the Company to
continue as a going concern.

The
audited consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of
recorded assets
 or the amounts of and classification of liabilities that might be necessary in the event the Company cannot continue
in existence. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. These
audited consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might arise from this uncertainty.



































The entire disclosure when substantial doubt is raised about the ability to continue as a going concern. Includes
 but is not limited to
 principal conditions or events that raised substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern
 management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the ability to meet its obligations
 and management's plans that alleviated or are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










No
inventories were recorded as of December 31
 2017 and 2016.



































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant and Equipment


Dec. 31
 2017

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]




PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT


PROPERTY
PLANT AND EQUIPMENT


Property
plant and equipment at December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2016
 consisted of:



    

 

 

    
15
986
15
986

    
39
153
39
153

    
15
687
15
687

    
6
000
6
000

    
2
901
2
901

    
5
814
5
814

    
1
528
1
528

    
    
    

    
(59
225
(55
231

    
    
    

    
27
843
31
838


Depreciation
expense for the year ended December 31
 2017 was $3
995 compared to $3
993 for the same period of December 31
 2016.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









ACCRUED
EXPENSE


As
of December 31
 2017
 the Company had accrued expenses of $332
503 compared to $231
060 for the year ended December 31
 2016.







The entire disclosure for accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 and other liabilities that are classified as current at the end of the reporting period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









INCOME
TAX


The
Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method
 which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets
and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements.&#160;
Under this method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined on the basis of the differences between the financial statement
and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to
reverse.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017








8.&#160;
&#160; RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

The
following table presents a summary of the Company&#8217;s promissory notes issued to related parties as of December 31
 2017:



    
    
    
    

    
150
000
    
122
692

    
500
000
    
231
067

    
10
000
    
10
000

    
10
000
    
10
000

    
10
000
    
6
000

    
16
000
    
16
000

    
696
000
    
395
759


The
following description represent note payable-related party transaction pre-Share Exchange that were assumed by the Company as
a condition to the Share Exchange:

In
January 2011

is now a majority
owned subsidiary of 

note with Mrs. Masjedi
 who is now the Company&#8217;s President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Interim Chief Financial Officer
 director
and majority stockholder. The note had a principal balance of $150
000 with an interest rate of 3% and has a maturity date of
December 31
 2020. Interest under the note was extinguished in a subsequent extension of the term of the note. The balance of
the note at December 31
 2017 was $122
692.

On
February 21
 2012
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings entered into an unsecured promissory note with Mr. Shenkman
 who is Chairman of the Board
of Directors and a shareholder of the Company. The note had a principal balance of $10
000 with an interest rate of 5% and is
due on demand. The note&#8217;s maturity date has subsequently been extended to December 31
 2020. Interest against the note was
extinguished in a subsequent extension of the term. The note had a principal balance of $10
000 as of December 31
 2017.

On
February 23
 2012
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings entered into a promissory note with Mr. Shenkman for $10
000
 maturing in one year at
an interest of 8%. The note has subsequently been extended to December 31
 2020. Interest under the note was extinguished in a
subsequent extension of the term. The note had an outstanding balance of $10
000 as of December 31
 2017.

On
March 14
 2013
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings entered into an unsecured promissory note with a Mr. Shenkman
 the Company&#8217;s Chairman
of the Board of Directors.&#160;The note had a principal balance of $10
000 with an interest rate of 5% and an original maturity
date of March 14
 2014
 subsequently extended to December 31
 2020 with a lower interest rate of 2%/year.&#160; Mr. Shenkman also
agreed to make all interest retroactive and deferred.&#160;The note had an outstanding balance of $6
000 as of December 31
 2017.

On
June 1
 2013
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings entered into a promissory note with Azizolla Masjedi
 father-in-law to Shannon Masjedi who&#8217;s
the Company&#8217;s President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Interim Chief Financial Officer
 director and majority stockholder
 in
an amount of $500
000 to purchase all the shares and interests of IPIC.&#160; The note matured on June 31
 2017. As of December
31
 2017
 the outstanding balance under this note was $231
067
 which includes interest and penalty charges.

On
September 9
 2014
 Snobar Holdings entered into a second unsecured promissory note with Mr. Shenkman
 through his affiliate company
Entrust Group for a total amount of $6
000 and a third unsecured promissory note for a total amount of $10
000
 both at an annual
interest rate of 2%. No term was provided for in each note
 but Mr. Shenkman has agreed to a maturity date of December 31
 2020
and the accrual of interest rates and deferral to maturity.&#160; The notes had an aggregate outstanding balance of $16
000 as
of December 31
 2017.

As
of December 31
 2017
 the Company had related party current and long-term notes payable of $353
759 and $42
000
 respectively.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









NOTES
PAYABLE


The
following table presents a summary of the Company&#8217;s promissory notes issued to unrelated third parties as of December 31
2017:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
10
000
    
1
000

    
272
500
    
207
500

    
129
000
    
129
000

    
75
000
    
75
000

    
15
000
    
15
000

    
86
821
    
86
821

    
10
000
    
10
000

    
30
000
    
25
000

    
500
000
    
175
000

    
44
414
    
44
414

    
914
321
    
768
735


The
following description represent unrelated notes payable transactions pre-reverse merger between Sn&#246;bar and the Company that
were assumed by the Company as a condition to the Share Exchange Agreement:

In
February
 2012
 MGD entered into an unsecured promissory note with a certain unrelated party
 now a shareholder of the Company
for a principal balance of $30
000 at in interest rate of 8% per year and maturity date of August 1
 2014.&#160; The note&#8217;s
maturity date has been extended to December 31
 2020 and the interest rate under the extinguished as part of the extension.&#160;
The note had an outstanding balance of $25
000 as of December 31
 2017.

On
March 14
 2013
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings entered into an unsecured promissory note with a certain unrelated third party
 now a shareholder
of the Company. The note had a principal balance of $86
821 with an interest rate of 5% and had a maturity date of March 14
 2014.
The note&#8217;s maturity date has subsequently been extended to February 1
 2020. Interest under the note was extinguished in
a subsequent extension of the term. The note is current and the entire balance is owed and outstanding as of December 31
 2017.

On
July 22
 2013
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings entered into an unsecured promissory note with a certain unrelated third party.&#160;The note
had a principal balance of $15
000 with an original interest rate of 5%. Maturity date has been extended to December 31
 2018
and interest rate has been reduced to 2%
 and lender agreed to make all interest retroactive and deferred.&#160; The balance of
the note was $15
000 as of December 31
 2017.

In
February 2014
 MGD entered into a secured promissory note with a certain unrelated third party for $10
000. The note was secured
by interests in tangible and intangible property of MGD.&#160; The Company is to make payments of $181 each business day (Monday
through Friday) until the loan is paid off.&#160; The effective interest rate on the note is 137%.&#160; The outstanding balance
of the note is $1
000 as of December 31
 2017.

On
May 19
 2014
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings entered into a secured convertible promissory note with a principal balance of $500
000.&#160;
The note was secured by interests in cash
 accounts receivable
 other receivables
 inventory
 supplies
 other assets of Sn&#246;bar
Holdings including general intangibles and rights of each liquor license owned by Sn&#246;bar Trust.&#160; The note has an interest
rate of 10% and an original maturity date of December 31
 2015.&#160; The Company was to make interest only payments beginning
July 1
 2014.&#160; The lender determined Sn&#246;bar Holdings to be in default and on January 29
 2015
 entered into a mutually
agreed loan modification.&#160; The agreement increased the principal balance of the note as of December 31
 2014 to $527
333
and all interest due and payable was deemed to have been paid and the conversion rights of the note were removed.&#160; The modification
also removed and deleted
 in its entirety
 all secured interests in cash
 accounts receivable
 other receivables
 inventory
 supplies
and other assets of Sn&#246;bar Holdings
 including intangibles
 and rights of each liquor license owned by Sn&#246;bar Trust.
The maturity date was December 31
 2015 if Sn&#246;bar Holdings is not in default
 the maturity date of the note should automatically
be extended to December 31
 2016 (&#8220;First Extended Maturity Date&#8221;). Commencing on January 1
 2016
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings
was to make monthly payments of $15
000 until the First Extended Maturity Date.&#160; Assuming Sn&#246;bar Holdings was not in
default with respect to its obligations as of the First Extended Maturity Date
 the note would have automatically been extended
to December 31
 2017 (&#8220;Second Extended Maturity Date&#8221;).&#160; Commencing on January 1
 2017
 the monthly payments
increased to $25
000 for every month until the Second Extended Maturity Date.&#160; All accrued but unpaid interest
 charges and
the remaining principal balance of the note was fully due and payable on the Second Extended Maturity Date. In January of 2016
the company decided to enter into renegotiation period for the repayment terms of the modification dated January 29
 2015. As
a result of the renegotiation with the note holder

The
following description represents unrelated note payable transactions post-merger between Sn&#246;bar and the Company:

On
February 13
 2017
 the Company entered a settlement agreement with one of its creditors for $527
333 of its long-term notes payable.
The agreement called for issuance of 400
000 restricted shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock and $200
000 in future cash
payment comprising of $25
000 on March 31
 2017
 $25
000 on March 31
 2018
 $25
000 on March 31
 2019
 and $125
000 on March 31
2020.&#160; As of March 10
 2017
 the Company issued to the creditor
 400
000 restricted shares of the Company&#8217;s common
stock
 and also paid the $25
000 for the required March 31
 2017 cash payment. The $25
000 payment due in 2018 was paid to JRSR26
on March 1
 2018. The balance of the note as of December 31
 2017 is $175
000.

Effective
September 30
 2015
 the Company entered into amended promissory notes with a certain unrelated third party in an amount of $272
500
one for $172
500
 and two others for $50
000 each. All of the notes have an interest rate of 8% and had a maturity date of August
13
 2017
 but have been extended to November 15
 2017 for a fee of $15
000. The notes had a principal outstanding balance of $207
500
as of December 31
 2017.

In
September of 2017
 the Company entered into a financing arrangement with a lending institution pursuant to which the Company borrowed
a principal of $129
000 secured by shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock.

On
July 12
 2017
 the issued a Convertible Promissory Note to JSJ Investments Inc. for total gross proceeds of $75
000. The note
is convertible at any time after the issuance date
 bears interest at 12% and matures on April 12
 2018.

As
of December 31
 2017
 the Company had short-term notes payable of $456
914 and long-term notes payable of $311
821.







The entire disclosure for debt and capital lease obligations can be reported. Information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants. Also includes descriptions and amounts of capital leasing arrangements that consist of direct financing
 sales type and leveraged leases. Disclosure may include the effect on the balance sheet and the income statement resulting from a change in lease classification for leases that at inception would have been classified differently had guidance been in effect at the inception of the original lease.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









STOCKHOLDERS&#8217;
EQUITY


Share
Exchange

On
August 14
 2015
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings entered into the Share Exchange Agreement with the Company and Sn&#246;bar Holdings&#8217;
shareholders (the &#8220;Sn&#246;bar Shareholders&#8221;) who held of record (i) at least 99% and up to 100% of the total issued
and outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock and (ii)&#160;100% of the total issued and outstanding shares of Class B Common
Stock
 of Sn&#246;bar Holding. In accordance with the terms and provisions of the Share Exchange Agreement
 the Company acquired
all of the issued and outstanding shares of Sn&#246;bar Holdings&#8217; Class A and Class B Common Stock from Sn&#246;bar Shareholders
with Sn&#246;bar Holdings becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company
 in exchange for the issuance to the Sn&#246;bar Shareholders
of 22
500
000 shares of restricted common stock of the Company and the issuance of 2
500
000 restricted shares of the Company&#8217;s
common stock to certain other persons (as set forth below).

The
2
500
000 restricted shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock were issued for the following: 600
000 shares were issued for
services for a total of $326
900 of non-cash expenses; a former officer of the Company received 1
000
000 shares in exchange for
his 1
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s Series E Preferred Stock; and 900
000 shares were issued to extinguish $21
675 of
debt due to a former officer and shareholder of the Company.&#160;

Common
Stock and Preferred Stock

The
Company is authorized to issue up to 10
000
000 shares of its preferred stock
 $0.001 par value per share.&#160;Effective as of
October 2016
 the Company designated 1
000
000 shares of preferred stock as Series E Preferred Stock (the &#8220;Series E Preferred
Stock&#8221;). Under the rights
 preferences and privileges of the Series E Preferred Stock
 for every share of Series E Preferred
Stock held
 the holder thereof has the voting rights equal to 10 shares of common stock.&#160;The Series E Preferred Stock is
not convertible into any class of stock of the Company and has no preferences to&#160;dividends or liquidation rights.&#160;As
of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 there were 1
000
000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock issued and outstanding.

From
January 1
 2017 through December 31
 2017
 the Company issued2
849
551 shares of its common stock to various investors for cash
and other considerations.

From
January 1
 2017 through December31
 2017
 the Company issued 11
243
333 shares of its common stock and cancelled 4
960
000 shares
issued in the first quarter of 2017fiscal year as a result of a failure to close an acquisition
 resulting in a net issuance of
9
132
884 (including converted 2
849
551 shares) for services and repayment of debt.

The
Company is authorized to issue up to 100
000
000 shares of its common stock
 $0.001 par value per share.&#160;Holders of common
stock have one vote per share. As of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 there were 36
430
248 and 27
297
364 shares of the Company&#8217;s
common stock issued and outstanding
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Commitments
 Contingencies and Uncertainties


Dec. 31
 2017






COMMITMENTS
 CONTINGENCIES AND UNCERTAINTIES


COMMITMENTS
CONTINGENCIES AND UNCERTAINTIES


Operating
Lease

The
Company is currently obligated under two operating leases for office spaces and associated building expenses.&#160;Both leases
are on a month-to-month basis at a monthly rate of $450 and $330
 respectively.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017

Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]







EQUITY
INCENTIVE PLAN


On
November 3
 2017
 the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors approved the Company&#8217;s 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the &#8220;2017
Plan&#8221;)
 which reserves a total of 1
500
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock for issuance under the 2017 Plan.
Incentive awards authorized under the 2017 Plan include
 but are not limited to
 incentive stock options within the meaning of
Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended
 subject to the approval of the 2017 Plan by the Company&#8217;s
stockholders. If an incentive award granted under the 2017 Plan expires
 terminates
 is unexercised or is forfeited
 or if any
shares are surrendered to us in connection with the exercise of an incentive award
 the shares subject to such award and the surrendered
shares will become available for further awards under the 2017 Plan. All of the shares under the 2017 Plan were registered in
the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 21
 2017
(the &#8220;Form S-8&#8221;).

In
December 2017
 the Company issued 1
240
000 shares of its common stock under the 2017 Plan and pursuant to the Form S-8 to a certain
consultant in settlement of amounts owed by the Company for services provided by such consultant. As of December 31
 2017
 other
than such issuance
have been issued under the 2017
Plan.&#160;












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









SUBSEQUENT
EVENTS


ASC
855-16-50-4 establishes accounting and disclosure requirements for subsequent events. ASC 855 details the period after the balance
sheet date during which we should evaluate events or transactions that occur for potential recognition or disclosure in the financial
statements
 the circumstances under which we should recognize events or transactions occurring after the balance sheet date in
its financial statements and the required disclosures for such events.

The
Company has evaluated all subsequent events through the date these consolidated financial statements were issued
 and determined
the following are material to disclose.

On
January 31
 2018
 the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the &#8220;APA&#8221;) with Royalty Foods
 LLC
 a Nevada
limited liability corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (&#8220;Royalty Foods&#8221;)
 and San Diego Farmers
Outlet
 Inc.
 a California corporation (&#8220;SDFO&#34;). Pursuant to the APA
 at the closing of the transactions contemplated
therein (the &#8220;Closing&#8221;)
 Royalty Foods agreed to acquire substantially all of the operating assets and assume certain
liabilities of SDFO (the &#8220;Asset Purchase&#8221;). SDFO is a wholesale and retail seller of fresh produce
 groceries
 meals
food and other food-related goods. SDFO was founded in 2002 and is located in San Diego
 California.

The
Closing is subject to various closing conditions
 including
 among others
 SDFO&#8217;s material performance or compliance with
obligations and covenants required by the APA
 SDFO&#8217;s delivery to the Company and the Company's satisfaction upon review
of certain due diligence items
 the Company successfully securing financing to complete the Asset Purchase (the &#8220;Financing&#8221;)
and SDFO&#8217;s execution of Ancillary Agreements (as defined below). At Closing
 upon satisfaction of each of the closing conditions
set forth in the Agreement
 Royalty Foods agreed to acquire those properties
 rights
 contracts
 claims and assets of SDFO (defined
in the Agreement as the &#8220;Transferred Assets&#8221;)
 and assume certain liabilities of SDFO (defined in the Agreement as
the &#8220;Assumed Liabilities&#8221;). The total consideration to be paid by the Company to SDFO under the APA is $1
050
000
in cash
 subject to inventory
 accounts payable
 accounts receivable and other true-up adjustments as set forth in the APA.

There
can be no assurance that the Financing and the Asset Purchase will be consummated or as to the date by which the Asset Purchase
may be consummated
 if at all.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







Principles
of Consolidation

The
consolidated financial statements include the Company
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings
 MGD
 IPIC and the Trust
 which was established to
hold IPIC
 which in turn holds liquor licenses. All inter-company accounts have been eliminated during consolidation. See the
discussion in Note 1 above for variable interest entity treatment of the Trust and IPIC.




Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.




Revenue
Recognition

Sales
revenues are generally recognized in accordance with the SAB 104 Public Company Guidance
 when an agreement exists and price is
determinable
 the products are shipped to the customers or services are rendered
 net of discounts
 returns and allowance and
collectability is reasonably assured. We are often entitled to bill our customers and receive payment from our customers in advance
of recognizing the revenue. In the instances in which we have received payment from our customers in advance of recognizing revenue
we include the amounts in deferred or unearned revenue on our consolidated balance sheet.




Unearned
Revenue

Certain
amounts are received pursuant to agreements or contracts and may only be used in the conduct of specified transactions or the
related services are yet to be performed. These amounts are recorded as unearned or deferred revenue and are recognized as revenue
in the year/period the related expenses are incurred or services are performed. As at December 31
 2017
 the Company has $0 in
deferred revenue.&#160; This is comparable to deferred revenue balance of $15
042 as of December 31
 2016
 which was as a result
of prepayment by two of its customers.




Shipping
and Handling Costs

The
Company&#8217;s shipping costs are all recorded as operating expenses for all periods presented.




Disputed
Liabilities

The
Company is involved in a variety of disputes
 claims
 and proceedings concerning its business operations and certain liabilities.
We determine whether an estimated loss from a contingency should be accrued by assessing whether a loss is deemed probable and
can be reasonably estimated. We assess our potential liability by analyzing our litigation and regulatory matters using available
information. We develop our views on estimated losses in consultation with outside counsel handling our defense in these matters
which involves an analysis of potential results
 assuming a combination of litigation and settlement strategies. Should developments
in any of these matters cause a change in our determination as to an unfavorable outcome and result in the need to recognize a
material accrual
 or should any of these matters result in a final adverse judgment or be settled for significant amounts
 they
could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
 cash flows and financial position in the period or periods
in which such change in determination
 judgment or settlement occurs.&#160; As of December 31
 2017
 the Company has $31
858 in
disputed liabilities on its balance sheet.

In
addition
 on January 28
 2016
 a labor dispute between IPIC and a former employee was ruled in favor of the former employee by
the Labor Commissioner of the State of California.&#160; This finding resulted in compensation expenses of $29
103 and an accrued
liability of the same amount on IPIC book for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2017.




Cash
Equivalents

The
Company considers highly liquid instruments with original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.&#160;As of
December 31
 2017
 the Company had a cash balance of $69 in cash and cash equivalents
 compared to $25
284 at December 31
 2016.




Accounts
Receivable

Accounts
receivable are stated at net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts.
The allowance is calculated based upon the level of past due accounts and the relationship with and financial status of our customers.
The Company did not write off any bad debts during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 and thus has not set an allowance
for doubtful accounts.






Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost or market value. Cost has been determined using the first-in
 first-out method. Inventory quantities
on-hand are regularly reviewed
 and where necessary
 reserves for excess and unusable inventories are recorded. Inventory consists
of finished goods and includes ice cream
 popsicles and the related packaging materials.&#160;As of December 31
 2017 and 2016
the Company has $0 in inventories.




Income
Taxes

Deferred
taxes are provided on an asset and liability method whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences
and operating loss carry forwards and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences
are the difference between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax basis. Deferred tax assets are reduced
by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates
on the date of enactment.




Net
Income/(Loss) Per Common Share

Income/(loss)
per share of common stock is calculated by dividing the net income/(loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock
outstanding during the period. The Company has no potentially dilutive securities. Accordingly
 basic and dilutive income/(loss)
per common share are the same.




Property
and Equipment

Property
and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and includes expenditures that substantially increase the useful
lives of existing property and equipment. Maintenance
 repairs
 and minor renovations are expensed as incurred. Upon sale or retirement
of property and equipment
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are eliminated from the respective accounts and the resulting
gain or loss is included in the results of operations. The Company provides for depreciation of property and equipment using the
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives or the term of the lease
 as appropriate. The estimated useful lives are
as follows: vehicles
 five years; office furniture and equipment
 three to fifteen years; equipment
 three years.




Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

The
carrying amounts of the Company&#8217;s financial instruments
 which include cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 and
accrued expenses are representative of their fair values due to the short-term maturity of these instruments.




Concentration
of Credit Risk

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash and accounts receivable.
The Company maintains cash balances at financial institutions within the United States which are insured by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation (&#8220;FDIC&#8221;) up to limits of approximately $250
000. The Company has not experienced any losses
with regard to its bank accounts and believes it is not exposed to any risk of loss on its cash bank accounts.




Revenue
Recognition

Sales
revenues are generally recognized in accordance with the SAB 104 Public Company Guidance
 when an agreement exists and price is
determinable
 the products are shipped to the customers or services are rendered
 net of discounts
 returns and allowance and
collectability is reasonably assured. We are often entitled to bill our customers and receive payment from our customers in advance
of recognizing the revenue. In the instances in which we have received payment from our customers in advance of recognizing revenue
we include the amounts in deferred or unearned revenue on our consolidated balance sheet.




Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

In
June 2009
 the FASB established the Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;Codification&#8221; or &#8220;ASC&#8221;) as the
source of authoritative accounting principles recognized by the FASB to be applied by nongovernmental entities in the preparation
of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;).&#160;
Rules and interpretive releases of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#8220;SEC&#8221;) issued under authority of federal
securities laws are also sources of GAAP for SEC registrants.&#160; Existing GAAP was not intended to be changed as a result of
the Codification
 and accordingly the change did not impact our financial statements.&#160; The ASC does change the way the guidance
is organized and presented.

In
April 2015
 FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) No. 2015-03
 &#8220;Interest &#8211; Imputation of Interest
(Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs&#8221;
&#160;to simplify presentation of debt issuance
costs by requiring that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct
deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability
 consistent with debt discounts. The ASU does not affect the recognition
and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs. For public companies
 the ASU is effective for financial statements issued for
fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted.

In
April 2015
 FASB issued ASU No. 2015-04
 &#8220;Compensation &#8211; Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Practical Expedient for
the Measurement Date of an Employer&#8217;s Defined Benefit Obligation and Plan Assets&#8221;
&#160;which permits the entity to
measure defined benefit plan assets and obligations using the month-end that is closest to the entity&#8217;s fiscal year-end
and apply that practical expedient consistently from year to year. The ASU is effective for public business entities for financial
statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application
is permitted.

In
April 2015
 FASB issued ASU No. 2015-05
 &#8220;Intangibles &#8211; Goodwill and Other &#8211; Internal-Use Software (Subtopic
350-40): Customer&#8217;s Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement&#8221;
 which provides guidance to customers
about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If such includes a software license
 then the customer
should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses.
If the arrangement does not include a software license
 the customer should account for it as a service contract. For public business
entities
 the ASU is effective for annual periods
 including interim periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December
15
 2015. Early application is permitted. We are currently reviewing the provisions of this ASU to determine if there will be
any impact on our results of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.

In
April 2015
 FASB issued ASU No. 2015-06
 &#8220;Earnings Per Share (Topic 260): Effects on Historical Earnings per Unit of Master
Limited Partnership Dropdown Transactions&#8221;
 which specifies that
 for purposes of calculating historical earnings per unit
under the two-class method
 the earnings (losses) of a transferred business before the date of a drop down transaction should
be allocated entirely to the general partner. In that circumstance
 the previously reported earnings per unit of the limited partners
(which is typically the earnings per unit measure presented in the financial statements) would not change as a result of the dropdown
transaction. Qualitative disclosures about how the rights to the earnings (losses) differ before and after the dropdown transaction
occurs for purposes of computing earnings per unit under the two-class method also are required. The ASU is effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15
 2015
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Earlier application is permitted.

In
June 2014
 FASB issued ASU No. 2014-10
 &#8220;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting
Requirements
 Including an Amendment to Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810
 Consolidation&#8221;. The update removes
all incremental financial reporting requirements from GAAP for development stage entities
 including the removal of Topic 915
from the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. In addition
 the update adds an example disclosure in Risks and Uncertainties
(Topic 275) to illustrate one way that an entity that has not begun planned principal operations could provide information about
the risks and uncertainties related to the company&#8217;s current activities. Furthermore
 the update removes an exception provided
to development stage entities in Consolidations (Topic 810) for determining whether an entity is a variable interest entity-which
may change the consolidation analysis
 consolidation decision
 and disclosure requirements for a company that has an interest
in a company in the development stage. The update is effective for the annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
including interim periods therein. Early application is permitted&#160;with the first annual reporting period or interim period
for which the entity&#8217;s financial statements have not yet been issued (Public business entities) or made available for issuance
(other entities). Our company adopted this pronouncement.

In
June 2014
 FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12
 &#8220;Compensation &#8211; Stock Compensation (Topic 718); Accounting for Share-Based
Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period&#8221;.
The amendments in this ASU apply to all reporting entities that grant their employees share-based payments in which the terms
of the award provide that a performance target that affects vesting could be achieved after the requisite service period. The
amendments require that a performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period
be treated as a performance condition. A reporting entity should apply existing guidance in Topic 718 as it relates to awards
with performance conditions that affect vesting to account for such awards. For all entities
 the amendments in this ASU are effective
for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015. Earlier adoption is permitted.
Entities may apply the amendments in this ASU either (a) prospectively to all awards granted or modified after the effective date
or (b) retrospectively to all awards with performance targets that are outstanding as of the beginning of the earliest annual
period presented in the financial statements and to all new or modified awards thereafter. If retrospective transition is adopted
the cumulative effect of applying this Update as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements
should be recognized as an adjustment to the opening retained earnings balance at that date. Additionally
 if retrospective transition
is adopted
 an entity may use hindsight in measuring and recognizing the compensation cost. This updated guidance is not expected
to have a material impact on our results of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.&#160;

In
August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15 on &#8220;Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) &#8211;
Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&#8217;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern&#8221;. Currently
 there is no guidance
in GAAP about management&#8217;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&#8217;s ability
to continue as a going concern or to provide related footnote disclosures. The amendments in this Update provide that guidance.
In doing so
 the amendments are intended to reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments
require management to assess an entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain
principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards. Specifically
 the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term substantial
doubt
 (2) require an evaluation every reporting period including interim periods
 (3) provide principles for considering the
mitigating effect of management&#8217;s plans
 (4) require certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result
of consideration of management&#8217;s plans
 (5) require an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is
not alleviated
 and (6) require an assessment for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued
(or available to be issued).

All
other newly issued accounting pronouncements which are not yet effective have been deemed either immaterial or not applicable.

We
reviewed all other recently issued accounting pronouncements and determined these have no current applicability to the Company
or their effect on the financial statements would not have been significant.
































































Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for fair value measurements of financial and non-financial assets
 liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivable
 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs
 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant and Equipment (Tables)


Dec. 31
 2017

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]




Summary of Property
 plant and equipment



    

 

 

    
15
986
15
986

    
39
153
39
153

    
15
687
15
687

    
6
000
6
000

    
2
901
2
901

    
5
814
5
814

    
1
528
1
528

    
    
    

    
(59
225
(55
231

    
    
    

    
27
843
31
838





































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










    
    
    
    

    
150
000
    
122
692

    
500
000
    
231
067

    
10
000
    
10
000

    
10
000
    
10
000

    
10
000
    
6
000

    
16
000
    
16
000

    
696
000
    
395
759





































Tabular disclosure of related party transactions. Examples of related party transactions include
 but are not limited to
 transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners and (d) affiliates.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
10
000
    
1
000

    
272
500
    
207
500

    
129
000
    
129
000

    
75
000
    
75
000

    
15
000
    
15
000

    
86
821
    
86
821

    
10
000
    
10
000

    
30
000
    
25
000

    
500
000
    
175
000

    
44
414
    
44
414

    
914
321
    
768
735















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Aug. 14
 2015
Aug. 02
 2001



































































500
000







500
000




























































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015















042







858









103











284

























000




































































For an unclassified balance sheet
 a valuation allowance for receivables due a company that are expected to be uncollectible.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.

























































Amount of deferred revenue as of balance sheet date. Deferred revenue represents collections of cash or other assets related to a revenue producing activity for which revenue has not yet been recognized. Generally
 an entity records deferred revenue when it receives consideration from a customer before achieving certain criteria that must be met for revenue to be recognized in conformity with GAAP.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015













059)


742)


552)





970
024)


327
102)





































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant and Equipment (Details) - USD ($)
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]








986


986





153


153





687


687





000


000





901


901





814


814





528


528





225)


231)





843


838





















































































































































































Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
























































Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount
 net of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 of long-lived physical assets excluding assets held under lease agreements used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant and Equipment (Details Textual) - USD ($)



Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016


Property
 Plant and Equipment (Textual)








995


993













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











503


060



































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016




914


000





759





















000







  2010







692





















000







  2013







067





















000







  2014







000





















000







  2013







000





















000







  2012







000





















000







  2012







000


































































Date the debt instrument was issued
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)










































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















Sep. 09
 2014
Jun. 01
 2013
Mar. 14
 2013
Feb. 23
 2012
Feb. 21
 2012
Jan. 31
 2011
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016



































000


048

















759























































000






































  2020





















692





















































000






































  2020























000



















































000






































  2020

























000

















































000
































Maturity
 term





 2014
 subsequently extended to December 31
 2020 with a lower interest
rate of 2%/year.



























000















































000















Maturity
 term


The note matured on June 31
 2017.





























067













































000






































  2020































000













































000






































  2020































000



























































































































Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Description of the maturity date of the debt instrument including whether the debt matures serially and
 if so
 a brief description of the serial maturities.




























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 payable to related parties
 which are due after one year (or one business cycle).

































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















321





735










000





  2014





000










500





  2017





500










000





  2017





000










000





  2017





000










000





  2013





000










821





  2013





821










000





  2014





000










000





  2012





000










000





  2014





000










414





  2017





414




































Date the debt instrument was issued
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 aggregate carrying amount of all types of notes payable
 as of the balance sheet date
 with initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.























































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Jul. 12
 2017
Mar. 14
 2013
Feb. 13
 2017
Sep. 30
 2015
Jan. 29
 2015
May 19
 2014
Feb. 28
 2014
Jul. 22
 2013
Feb. 29
 2012
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Sep. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2014






















914


000




























































000




















































000


























































  2014











Maturity date 
 description

















 2020.































000










































821


























































  2014

























Maturity date 
 description



 2020.






































































000


























































  2018

































000

















































































000
































































000













































































  2015







































000


000

































333












































000


























































  2015














































Unrelated note payable transactions
 description




The Company entered a settlement agreement with one of its creditors for $527
333 of its long-term notes payable.
The agreement called for issuance of 400
000 restricted shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock and $200
000 in future cash
payment comprising of $25
000 on March 31
 2017
 $25
000 on March 31
 2018
 $25
000 on March 31
 2019
 and $125
000 on March 31
2020.&#160; As of March 10
 2017
 the Company issued to the creditor
 400
000 restricted shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock
and also paid the $25
000 for the required March 31
 2017 cash payment. The $25
000 payment due in 2018 was paid to JRSR26 on March
1
 2018. The balance of the note as of December 31
 2017 is $175
000.




























































500


























































  2017





















Maturity date 
 description







 2017 for a fee of $15
000.









































500














































500


























































  2017


























































000


























































  2017

















































































  2018





























000





























821





























914























































































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of long-term debt (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer) identified as Convertible Notes Payable
 excluding current portion. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.



















































































































Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Description of the maturity date of the debt instrument including whether the debt matures serially and
 if so
 a brief description of the serial maturities.



















































































































Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.



































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Aug. 14
 2015
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Oct. 31
 2016













Common stock conversions
 description


The Company issued 11
243
333 shares of its common stock and cancelled 4
960
000 shares issued in the first
quarter of 2017fiscal year as a result of a failure to close an acquisition
 resulting in a net issuance of 9
132
884 (including
converted 2
849
551 shares) for services and repayment of debt.







Preferred Stock
 par value










Preferred Stock
 shares authorized



000
000


000
000





Preferred Stock
 shares issued



000
000


000
000





Preferred Stock
 shares outstanding



000
000


000
000





Preferred stock shares
 designated







000
000



Preferred stock voting rights
 description










Common stock voting rights
 description










Common Stock
 par value










Common Stock
 shares authorized



000
000


000
000





Common Stock
 shares issued



430
248


297
364





Common Stock
 shares outstanding



430
248


297
364



























Share exchange agreement
 description
(i) at least 99% and up to 100% of the total issued and outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock and (ii)&#160;100%
of the total issued and outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock
 of Sn&#246;bar Holding. In accordance with the terms and provisions
of the Share Exchange Agreement
 the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of Sn&#246;bar Holdings&#8217; Class
A and Class B Common Stock from Sn&#246;bar Shareholders
 with Sn&#246;bar Holdings becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company
in exchange for the issuance to the Sn&#246;bar Shareholders of 22
500
000 shares of restricted common stock of the Company and
the issuance of 2
500
000 restricted shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock to certain other persons.









Common stock conversions
 description
The
2
500
000 restricted shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock were issued for the following: 600
000 shares were issued for
services for a total of $326
900 of non-cash expenses; a former officer of the Company received 1
000
000 shares in exchange for
his 1
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s Series E Preferred Stock; and 900
000 shares were issued to extinguish $21
675 of
debt due to a former officer and shareholder of the Company.































Common Stock
 shares issued



849
551




































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)





















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.

























































Description of voting rights of common stock. Includes eligibility to vote and votes per share owned. Include also
 if any
 unusual voting rights.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.

























































Description of voting rights of nonredeemable preferred stock. Includes eligibility to vote and votes per share owned. Include also
 if any
 unusual voting rights.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Commitments
 Contingencies and Uncertainties (Details)








Commitments
 Contingencies and Uncertainties (Textual)















































































Amount of cash outflow from operating lease
 excluding payments to bring another asset to condition and location necessary for its intended use.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Nov. 03
 2017
Dec. 31
 2017




















240
000



















500
000





































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

























050
000



































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( $^O?DP?(\\#P    !



6KV\!O     K @  $0   &1O8U!R;W!S+V-O


WH;O NF%F*I_8E

!J9S]6:\?1TDB @LE]E 6Z2?:CTQ4(
@T[.IU8SG9\]L3MGXS*VG0T


MZWH2%;7E0-
@ %AP=M;

M-$9RG9 %#@ WQ-%
4'RO0;:*X

A
_)V&F&I0' *D3&6H8;XM




^8
CLS9%USM:1



M5W+-R
=4KY

6D$N!LT$DN/R+RO JQ GH



M.+]%
;G*YZ(G;ZEW?!8/+]<,E'#^4[YU_T74.N?O;=X_INDSM(3)QYQ1$!=$4

N10[I*0!A
!S93)1/ @F2F'(8^@N]\@RY*17.K3XY?T4L@X9.

6_0T7X\48JVFL:W&VC$


MOP%02P

! UB3/;










?4TM
1/8?I&4C/
RHA D\HS$%
M6<C'G@0 (;!$4J4(=]+E@T F<B6.2@Q#_FY)P% E@)[#KDC#S/<=@DG

F803_VAUFG
 DP1





8/25:
M=%!5K=1*JZNN?9T%LZ!+$VRR_7;UPE9C/CO=X;\L!_[/\X]B\3S\]-^[7;

Z+MM_5KYJSHL$DK<;GP_/^WZXD2[G




#L I *\!8-X-T%. )@'IQ=F8ZD]E7R[G


MQ' CEABY2.RM$9M3*UQ4Y)$1L:(1RXTX8D209
3&NY([%TYTX7A\3EPXEBE8
MI8B/[XCNG&2BDXP[(6.^RE@G.5AB=\U%F&4N


8H6$('.Y42;RDD$9A,A!:D(D0
N
MS'5AB 00(H#.(6)))B%R$EI*0N2$ ^=RE=-R7A1J6]C8

DL1
?G8JP%&7+(

N20 XQ2986\R MN
ME&7O $&H
PP BKR6M(Q$S9'H*!(U)]T'6V1*(34E*C6&@B+F2J:BYE6AHU6A
R
M?3X<N]E3T_=-/6X#[)JF]Z%)]3'DM_?E]GI1^5T_G&;AO+ULCUPN^N8T;?VD
MU_VGY;]02P,$%     @ 3Z]^3--]VQ=  @  S <  !@   !X;]W;W)K<VAE
M971S+W-H965T



B(HD.?[T0=TAIS*.

[Z@&Q%/M/V*^X(BU^FK_X[OF$BY(I$Y


M971S+W-H965T-YX;6R-EUUOFS 4AO\*XK[%7V[2B(UF:9-VJ2JT[9KFC@)
M&N 
G*;[]S




S<:4



+==8S]V_3M?

[P'CM; ^W@^
MK2'#XP4:+_IX


M


%5
M

H@#+)'!::

MW-\HAT192

M(N2

MQ2
M&;14'5KJJ
G^.3J8\&^CPW!C9=!8=6BLHT9-NR*W!&S1_B7[DP=W5L: 9^@9


MI[3K0VGVKKN5_KX9CBK#@[.G\1B67


Y_?'B


S&0U,W'.5E=]M=9DRUF57F:5.<%=,S:
M=2KOK9_?Y_9E-YW=?WX:O_V?9'&L^B]]=-#EF<(74.2(60%(.D0L@XA4H@A
MY@%AY!S01BZ8(?[5B@A%3YT /'@6\AEC.\RAPZA$LYA#C ^(1;0&CJ0Q

-@ HK4ZMBG$.%
R! CE@\2W/&#/
@5!L/E8AK$W#=28&



M+V\)9


MR56;ZH \G:U8P620(+:@\UZ
[X


M$M


Z'%G *9++]]S4?FP6?XU%O CBOC]]C
M[


8]_%'R]
MG
Y=7Y!L5M?B9/XPW9_7U\8])8\HATMEZO9BZZ@QQW7\PI]W OH*@^*OB[FW

MAN1=
F]%:W:V_/MRZ







E 
Q P [GPL0


9EOORC2GX92BC?;V5G?]

QRN_%\WI4K?1F^TZ6PW;]Z.UG7$6V2?7
MWV=3'!X/I3EV_6WF[IOQ6&-\Z.QU.K))'N=&F_\ 4$L#!!0    ( $^O?DQ7
&UL;5/;CIPP


MDX_&OKH.P)
W);4K:.=]?V#
51TH[NY
#QK_-
8J[M&U+7.]!5Y'D)(L39)W
M3'&A:9G'V





$%     @ 3Z]^3

_2N('U#N
M2&ZK3DFD7JMJDS;IU&G;9RYQ$E2(
QHD47?


M&7]F3KJD#
#U^97]

Q7^#


^LOQ/;8!  #2 P




MH

MC\A





@14+C!POUW@ :0
1%[&KYF3+BD#

M




[[





2S%$9


_9-1#-



.')&S54P6VC=/D2&4&'2=Y
MY5T&]CZ-;_(O?)KV;]RV0CMR
1Y?-O:_

$60T+CP_$3GNTT
M9I/A33__(+9\X_(O4$L#!!0    ( $^O?DQQ$H





P.7Y
MG?T^UNYK.3




M-AI.=]
/(O





7PLG75
&X/;\


P^9$4?D'[GE56#
1._=^
MX.&)DV.*O:F#
[8BWJ%XA]YKE=PF!;L&HB7F-


M8._3^9_P^=I_\IM)[0C%^/Q96/_6V,\H)3##8Y0CQ]L-22T/AQO\6SG,9L-
M;X;E!['U&U=_ %!+ P04     !/KWY
M-^_D;8!  #2 P  &0   'AL+W=O


@J@B2O&D^0]TT)VM

MGT&9

:OF9
N*0-P?7YE_Q1K

_\/SK?ANTV%
MNPC?K;


/




M:%=G$BJY(+X$XTN5TUT0! I*%QB$WZ[P $H%(B_C]\Q)EY0!N#Z_L3_&VGTM



M\&G:OPG3R


M='


M)J&2
^)3


SK_LK'_-:(#+R6Y\B/4^@\V&Q)J%XZW_FS&
1L-A]WT@]C\




+K5

M[HW\+FK?%?26DAH:/DC_9

_+W)J1V*GW/0]/G!Q2[$T5



M2P
$%     @ 3Z]^3&53_FVV 0  T@
VRC@<0&O
MD[\/8,=Q4K\ ,\PY<V88T@'-LVT ''G1JK49;9SK]HS9H@$M[ 5VT/J;HT6
MSINF9K8S(

KJE[XX'

)E9P0
U9,L
M79/1&TI*J$2OW ,./VJYY*2J?A?< ;EPX


-O)]@Z@$\ /@-N8AXV)HK*OPDG\M3@0



7P9


1L-A]WT@]C\C?
W4$L#

M=#(P+GAM;'56VXZ;




M2


M6[Q9S($I_BRJ7^5)%^MP&08G?F;72K^([@L?%I2&P;#Z;_S&*P.WGAB-HZB4
M^P;'J]*B'EB

!'0V63B?JA9SGGYAFFUR*+I#]
MYK?
GC%94;
W1SOIML+]
\XK



S[GS
7C?$+S8CL

#]/ZF0:.%\Z9IF1T




N]UY+SCSF[!J$%<YHQ?(-)5P3S

MC=-D285C'R=YXUT']H''-_D'GZ?]FSM[VYH/
O&_O?(#KPJ20W?H0Z_\%6
M0T'CPO&#/YMYS&;#X;#\(+9^X_(O4$L#!!0    ( $^O?DS7XXCZM@$  -(#


[W;73(E.TR*+OI
I
M


46E:I3H&V'

=G4FH9(SXG


M)XK
X$C







.4\8OL+L%@1#]24$

M1THSZ#C)*^\RL(\\OLE?^#3M7X5M.NW(U7A\V=C_VA@/F$IRAR/4X@=;# FU



MW))


07+E_KS@J+=J)8E)IV?O8-IUKAXE_#L
#Z!1 YX P_F]
M- 5$-P%DS







M[!2(M4\$(ASHU$C)-603D. 4:F-!


D\<5Z@OO%N\'%<_4#LW'3<.U A


QSN/P/4$L#!!0

M+GAM;'U476^;
!3]*XCWU6!
TD8$J4DT;=(F19VV/3OD)J#:F-E.Z/[]_$$I

=M.;-24A.M3G*
M
U*=!'IT)


P*&1M_!LUX3&F)T_VK^F=7NZGE0!5L!?O=





+]-D

^D[EN6E5=!#:


$%

M/9W*GK%7O?AZW/BA)J(U/4CM@JCA2@M:U]J3XO@]./4?


MK!F\*)2&O/5CU9KQUC_!=S.W 1P
X

 1/\U0(

M!7120&./1O8@CMP.D-
!

=
%:8'


MKWY






F6%6$P);]2D$60IQ(!_HY'V XT=$0I8C)(M%




MQ 


6!QPN_]NCJ*WZ*=_U?Q1%NM'7C)[
;?HLZ_

B\TNN_@-02P
$%     @ 3Z]^3.7PCHX@ P



6K&6

M%EU*F3WWU[PRUW/_)DJ'







'X9
M,,SD C,267TPS.0
P&8WSEE##.YP Q%EE]2PC3\P$8+9WQ#'
_ 

M=X$9B:P^&&;N C/_$
HU1Z5#,#U4Y*)70UX2?]LW#0,_;X
M4(B=ZFY3?=_T@V;_H&0]#-'!.,FO_@-02P,$%     @ 3Z]^3.[8O03Y P
M$A4  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T






 B:\&
!W S@$LNAK =0 _


M'/-+
+SD_02C^Q^;5


M*'*LKQ032!&!S&P'B1Q.H8X]ELYPBA;-= K%-%- 
W&EP)A2/M\I%!-($5R&
M4^ZU:*Y3
(
4


I'.RG


YT%DOL@&&



MI J$JG
#7%:[A\47+*95(%R=^@
C]N@09IH0T_?U)Y?IB8P((TV 5O9U44PK
M(5KORT\NK6(B6 PK(5CORX^
V-/%!--(0V7 -$3&6&@;#*['&!6:60IDLN


WK=RWFD?K?BK_FP$?0Y;PY%W48O


M-F\?0$@6PSE:XA\6H-/=
]/]30.:;+/\9[&PMAS]6J7KXGR\*





M^YJ\I^7W;'MKVPF9\:B=_8/]L&DEKT=2Q7C)TJ+Y/WIY+\ILU7JIAK)*?NT^

VP@6P-Y

(?Y\Y_W/:IV.(0[+%T&&)?;J%'&RR
M3[A0@TWV*1?:



M=

/&GAP:NJ;[H]4

!4:!(
M(
*[ 





R2*R-)I0K4&5/?Z


M='




0*PP)LS%F#6#&B$<7$5J0)P2I@
F4(4

AI-0

M3F^A1F(B4$P$B DM
3TFNDJ#4?^S]
P CB3%H*08D$0M2?%4)DO1;=Q(4 (*

M7!=*@9/F!UV*&*[&H.YM?-NPL9Z8+OQ-63VGK(Y)ZRE]8LZ%@7[(+8M;C8







MC.(X##/
2





MGV#QDY%@

JPHEIT#-/VMD=D]$VP0_9FV3[MNY-72K
7NI
MTB@JZ
4*+9C=C(EO

':1NQM(W;T]*9$XA=(O *)$TAN!%*_
M0.H52#T=9&]
SIC

=?*/



^ZG=5*:0 UPSN4Z_N60,.K;'3'.=J/G%S
M8.2X79TO=&J/U!+ P04     !/KWY,3;6!T:H!  ? P  &0   'AL+W=O


4F[AM%MF6ED[3)FU2

T1KGX
:[:)AR%^2\-4D/ **-X /
MZX#-*F 3 9MK ,_6 <4JH/B_ IZ_:S-I[J)FB)H\N\WP]RX1NYIMN+K?A3W)
MP9&C\?B9XC [8SP@,[O!^]#C:UD,!9T/VWO<VW1GDN'-.#\'MKS)^B]02P,$
M%     @ 3Z]^3&!Y6F%K6@  VT ! !0   !X;]S:&%R9613=')I;F=S+GAM
M;
6]:7/;5I8P_'GNKT!EG&FIJ)%4JO3TU6T)=*VY)&E).G:^KY )&0A X)
ELO%N[=OJ\E3.D^J7K%(<WCR4)3S9 G_+!_?5HLR3:;5
M4YHNY[.W@_W]H[?S),N_^]M?J^QO?UW^[;R8K.9IOHR2?!I=Y,ML^1I=YCQ
M5N317O1Y?![MO-G]Z]OEW_[Z%C_B#_N#Z%.1+Y\J^&J:3NN/S]-)+QKVXVBP

M6S?))'O()M$O


M'4/\4LS@_B7E*TPZ2\NNF?1
;M-%42X)!9;)LKFP?Z1=(]#PT1G ]+$H&X@U

MJ^^J13))__






G
MQ_'PZ*!C^AB.H%JDDV7VG,X:)S:3C-$(8#M(LFF498#X5ID .N6^[&:K_@P
MIRG((%G'E2?:_%3


^TUQ012_\6!33*AH#;M??


MWVP



M*.Y%DR+'=UN
&K7'G:




M1$-GW0J/M0ZT 8
 ^UGVXUCDR.ZG

MTJ;PVCU0;EG



87J$?SW^#XKJ*ST?BGQG[@MVAT%[V_^/'RZ@I/[OI#!#?W\OJ\

MA^NKIB4.W[H979Y'\

D)/


3S9(7


G.JYEF=))


M)HR'UIEP+?WC'R+59O!K_OM[H#




M7%T$T*\

MT+;')R*#=O(


)YD
_9SD*[SBQ\1O
?+/HD3S9N5LGKQ/7CGPEH0*1S#17QH 5IAQ282
M+_=!LL<W^?:4R90EW2IJBG!6A!PAR9T\P0IG5<%+.#WMG;:L@1 0_D (SFU







MAE8G




M=\;HMGS//S2%.T_ L@MTR.%EIH1B:;$1%!*X112[6;QE=/!$; ]%R5J%P
MD?,,AMO3Q;Z&[R[YJI%\^RH&Y8OG5&-G$9HUBAR%.R-OX.29%+UYQ!M2C
:





1Y5CCNTZ=D]D#7



;:WH'FC3H$ ,
MZY-XY0L*K.SPFE#/BMM8H9L50&

5%_!V

$.64LGT((^$T^
69')
%8


M2T3%H!?)QV;SQW^RZK!658C1X!)[)BRG!CG3E]6121XS)'GYYC&\ \!-U4R8
M_6L%: W0I$!10*J9L 0KG-O;8F7QR)/%IZN2W16!-#XF8V1JG'D:YZ4PN#YB
MY3/K\QT*RL[2=5TT6K)J5($]P7PF#E10 0UWRL;&M ![VN7-1ZY=P=\PPF
M*@^FNA(B64#+5O.%$9(3)*'!V5Z3IPDKFE0NVA3JQVV/N
+R)1@E61C-SZ
M#9!
GF8J-FWBSFV0L*:
I?<-(3]%

MQG48P@&&MCMR.A34+L74@@+W)/58RTO*-$+-SMM-%M4FDXEB\Y*&5A6Y+O#E
M5




M^H?Q_L$ =T4NO7#J(Y]7)LX%@RA/_(


MGRSF6[_(_43Z*=-)XK+I\E4($'X


\/0



MVQ8^';.D0KO *W:?Y59\JFT?A U@
7

Z7FG1!F1B(B#
%@=







M
H2$!1X$=\Q&W*&H*?S8Y]U'IYQ[W5$](A8Y@_]F\%A/#@Y:),PCGIJ4:A0
MP9#*$NXW5VV1?HE!^



MNG%%Y(R#;?3H*.&8S-5(/JQ\




M\EORB%!0+M5-^=V9FE;1W5]]3_)RS1WF[49:
L10&B]K!K.7+ Z7C%:3#UQ
MC ^ P0BBF97X81!K^@C5&,Y H;!4A. W(/\4+Z*&2)%9=6$42
D3K)C$;Y^


M'JY(%!EA=%



@K\G J/3JMY[JYV9_
B
M\$--



*&X\_I


VJ&3B



9/=FFYHHJ8\=(E#
MBY0E+NQL1NNS2DD+N$(Y&K-9T#I6!?H-64+#4P'$D107D-CE8GW.
UL@H)+C
M8FLK6?Z50WQ(IY2I(X7M@%]IALM92[[$AW



YX


'AQL:
0L@%7%5 RNR5%\.71-=IY890&DNW1QZ;EUYN?';ANP')

3+Z
'RNCI<.<\SS;^PR+&Q</2THNMF38



:-W;#
9
ME[@SR3RW7@]K;PS2K:C: &Z(0G8T
H1#ILN4+;_WJ:&H%1'$MG6+!PP/(ZPR
MCKK8^E(?V4M](37#R
K+YEUA*(

M$TOSD?.IX

M8Y77QEZMG4]@KHEM9D=
70#
UP7232 Y@C*GAL99M(M2LY $@CM+Y2
Y-_

M

MC0R.]\(FQ3)5.4Q\T),Z\)C)(+4,]S:=A_FE@$E%MA+2[M1B+0M9.X?]%P

[9)V<S58<P@8D737YA

M)3)0]
 &T)'#9@!I(KVZV@WQX*YC1/ %R&2Q'?!L5W @R'^VP9V:[^3ECM7S

0,6488AD6 5OT^T*RX-D1)4GHT?JI\:^.8V%K-A;O\<A



MP?H)][L8M+%FQ
:1


!QI.'$#DQ
MVP$NPK2B&@&P%58TE1C5

A


9G/%





MG@:=K&KI0L8EAN'9B[DF:?;7Y 'CTV


MK*L)9B!1%&
^M97SO!I\K@X:EAU547N52\Z'GJR+J35K

MD94DT-][Z5TJYF4:0CP5;37MJ#-M2I@AS6DU0+.7C:?)ED5=HI(WH#?Z6\






2@R5]5'F*&Y15(P X0*?



MS;(DBQ



MDA?
3J!.LV:

M8\$PR(
J/E-77W&F+$G
\0Y!


M%7%/#AW4X5BE=S]Y?

WA


K8U I

6('A'\S)40P



W:BHXIJG@;!:U[9F$ZW%B=R!M([T'0-BX-16V.2AW

M1T/:UU[




X*/I2^+P


?R W)^'@^-X.!QRH0^?[DVE


'@NIG:44
M+BGM2YDU4@P4K%2OQ)]\'XR+[6R]$T$[8\T5B]#_,=N UW[$+D1\@WLQK2
MKB;-''JC.
AJ=N.^V%/1'*/5LL#$4PHWQI2E=8SVR%4'I%SWW7
FU4)UW+



MU$\8QA$.Q.R#%=F%$+A2FW6=F^MMD3QS($-@6A.-:D,48/7#$FC*K)U-

Y35%$/]^.;P='




W_#;;Y8VURU_;I%FQ:!YN8W=89^!W$H1U$.3M




 6FRPA_9TL!* 05U3TB4QW%]@+X[E
0T'

M^N1QPXJZW\ZUN25+JK^ VHD;C-1HO-2Q[W%*J387&*$C\=V$LC_069YV[Q15



+LD3NX
MM






ME#SX



MV[$Y 8R*P*DA7*TDH%IRA
^;X7!3)*%HB)?4$ IY




V5AO[0?



O_@:FZ\-&-? XG&1MFC
M*98ZVMM1UW2I)Q'34%M:;DLA] 3#'34P@-&B*+^&-C5LARY

X0


M\4@K[5'?*Q@9(V;@8K'N)6Y39TW6PQNND1^.D_RWSAQ48GV))XDD&.%A#?
MCTGII%2KGDO5:Q/'






M7R^XX





ME3DY'JI:Q&_%ZB(%2NS9GA6*3UZ
C30&0B&/J5[0T 1X44K;

_IY/QVAH3#^YH

MLW2W4(]0;P/UL,N;K((\3NVE)E@AOO&56L&-)LLN:L+56TWW*]NGY)E47D
M'19

]PI(/GA1W8++U#M/K\9^2SMKLF:
WD?]_8-(VL
H











K21VQJS!/7?/N

E#GOE)-H=

ME
^JCHJFX

M713:JGW#?5%J=3%6$F!_2@6U &8XV!GOM.&FLBN\;DTF 160#X\(4ZAULP




M2-V8LV(ZYNL@O P;YIIQ-Y:7


N(\6XLNJ$HN3V[*OK_B+D$X 9-C#QE5D4WLL7$](

M?&;H&4PK






M/L3





MOD]=1K#


GAJ$E[A\3*H!G7ZC 0Z^X

B

I\@&^N



M5AC*X @OYX4:C_/HIPSK;3!ST:_01(G2.2[V4X(IK.:CI$MA^U 0\\ES=UX6

(!,V3S/\GA,V1<ZZ1.L4I@J< .:GPAW5AA1J<NW@JU

MQS1R3


E4]

$3:657V8E78&XHHQ2NN8< 9Y

M[NS/ZJD?HSKP;80]GY#UZ#\V&#I@(+GEE\(2.!R;PH_8K]0Z99BSIWNE/&BG
VKG?Y:YGG2
VCHQQ


1
M\%G@O74ODE.*Q@XU?RPXY8NRGIQ1%(8[1*.H\FP35@8


#=(@K4DI

M47X?9K)+3EDGU*(-4*



(Q^X5=JR-I[1


1'IP


Z1R/(VWCI4VQ


='YW$Q\/#YK%2





@V=U/-M

MJ7QXT/@00SW13]D^+L@U/:R1SX\'[8^'78^W.
PML)0VL
^=H1OK)[#L
YUN
M0D4VU_I0UQYU;ZS?_O!G;'




MUJQ U/;U*QAT
A0]IA)%DC
MT)RVRRS^8AL[\<E#8\X;[8Y.$9W4,;TQLZW)[F6E=%]6KZFLZUL)RZ=TDR]

ENTJ6SAJ[8DU5H^^6V
:-NMAZ+]AKWA
M@@

V;G[C6H+.

M-EI^MM9[$H)$V0FJ1J^]CGX!AU2:)25^[4U7
)TK*^:I+79

M;73TALW[* *S..\*/G8].NE^=



MK;MGMP/*





Q9F#C0:1W_NE&Z1*9K5TR:

M][P=Z!W3=L'ETB
#P35K7]S[ G
-44NB
EZHAG=RQT8C\
XC]EVV)UU^YMIP




JV'IY;()-
*J3-!AEMD46:1Q^.O&?WKN?A5$CE:OL*_KONAQ\$!L\*


M!RB-&116CJ)E9?]:UH$-:BVY


M+DY!Y/(OBPSZWVG:^SUC!%%ZY8R344OMZ)Y#EZ/;=H)_FC?VSOZIY:AZ'7


M2P
$%     @ 3Z]^3-*JL I P  .A@   \   !X;]W;W)K8F]O:RYX;6S%

M+\?)


!.JRR TT%.
<!(G1PS*S8PT;8
M/(4@3P]!F1@G'M3/D60(P1R=+29G'WCB#/$
@S6LA[[ALKNNCNGT=DYPC9






MTKM_
C'=%.2;6D@17L2Z*3#=%

$:WEW_S&U!+
9?VLXV
M_9M#Z^HL](^N

TK/%:






QG)=7*I\92$R.%

Q6T

8]0D[HL+OA6T_KGM=DW
Z








2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     !/KWY
7J(F=O8#




M-B3E8P

M965T-YX;6Q02P$% 
  !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T-RYX;6Q02P$% 
4
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ 3Z]^3/K+\3VV 0  T@,
M !@              ( !M(  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='



M 0  T@


M
2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     !/KWY





M4$L! A0#%     @ 3Z]^3.M-JJFW 0  T@
  !D              ( !'3(


8]YN

M=#$X+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $^O?DQE4_YMM@$  -(#   9


M3Z]^3)?



M Q0    ( $^O?DS7XXCZM@$  -(#   9                8T\  !X;]W


6T#T.W 0
MT@


RYX
M;6Q02P$% ,4     !/KWY


M3.Q!70(  )

4


4     !/KWY,Y?.CB #

P
M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $^O?DSNV+T$^0



O

BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !/KWY
(*=N\N@$  #Q&P  &0

S+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0






M2P$% ,4     !/KWY

!  #=!   &0              @ ''8P

V+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $^O?DQ-M8'1

M






end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001213900-18-003759-xbrl.zip

#$W
3(S
2YX
M;6SLO6ESVTBV)OQ](N8_X/6MNF%'4#(748O=71.T)+M58TNZHEQ][WSI 
FD


]/CM[X_R?W_[W_W+@/W_[_W9VG

MG).POW
6#

M[.S
\;8_1# (H^]79_IMMTDR_O#^_?W]_6X0WKGW8?0CWNV'\[VN&Z917^AW
M7;K]NW\UZXV#1K/5V/TY!)I/W 2^@


M-^&1]__][6NW?RM&[HX7Q(D;]

5KO



MD83T=Z.Y8\;7CXD@\9('_:G^W!O@-T-/1 Y1*3++IMCK^.S_OOD-CFO]\+ )
M)_=O[_


?TEI^:_.



[F29T2+U_%+FMBES7[]JI]7_^^K\.C5^W[^O=]



M+D6+T_5^OE:^T%.O1

MO#JGWLWMEB0A+\X:UN0K ?

Q8D%V^=6]%\&/D!EN3R#*;92;G7+'-H]EF




M5JIS5

?


M-ES?;GY\F;O_W$V7X6^3C%-QP@9=?H]LL4P;NE+M;]]BH/U*E&PL ^T_AH'V

MZ#EY?MHNK%N_/'J

M%)XU$ D5UY9Q[2(P$A7?/KM:7





OWRQW5BEPI'!2#ZR
))+LLDK]BU@W]4#P[T8



M

R52%PO$(-3-PJ
M4^^5
Y1AQ7_U
M68



U6%^LY^8(DVK(;+&_7




C
^TFL'7^;8N
M
L]BS#'*M?#%^#8








M!

F=Q4^5A+D1_?N?I0_9SGZ01$'E)]5.V
1W(8#HZ9<W =@'-]ZXZEQ.CRV
ML !:TR$^UQ9B1N%@Y2 OLY&8_'S.(S&843?/8;/YR9SE?,KS)M8('DZ.AH



M;B=AVDN&J2^=GO&5Z O0'/

M']#

M+



3?-QE&_




M9LB8]^&4V*U-S-/(ID
LR5Z:@2%G


HDH7

MYS]

P\AQG:$03CAT?H&/


H6I3Z)WRXB[\8+7-\995@#IOK-C?JW3F./E@'^.\


G

MS:71;C=L  


MJ6_]





M7##R!


M!



.J+^9R]
@+WADW'R$33!07*+;ZO_
M6Y/KLX[\Y!)3[#_X[,5\@;YEOUD_%CV8$V'MFAY_9_W$1@]0QV^J$?
M1A^<^ULO$4M8:T!3TYTO(J9%.QGZ?3DK[U@('T^BZPYW(V/Y5&&$U,*?BH
M@;-P0 5721I:BK28%=:^0MO )/[O
(I7X*8'GI]FM
?


'C#CKNS-K_?D57F!7T)9@PV



M$-)LDEG8+'RG8[_/6A6Y
T[1KEC+M?MJ6/45GDXEE55I-OH ^THHV[P$_)'Z

M.K%)).BPPI\NT 


^NSSPUE

M4/AS^S*:5JRZ XRC\





OC)0
+SI)MA1F[I2* ;).


6$F*Q]B+

QPE_7WCQ]:48P?.4W'JQ



N]15(+P#RC#AK@
MRF^/2[BG/&2XFG-\ZXDAW&&BGR:@_C@7;.RC.0.BRQO)'TCH#2!._8#3O#W

X\[#AXHPWQ_@U4+ 5+&H/5CDY*TW=NF7




M

PY\M1BD;5FPUL5^/6
3-^6;@=(F;$'Z6XYNIPG@Q2N2^



M\_.N;G7/[*FLQ&F4#

.% CM3&\.U:(\M
MQ?BMYM?A
OY4JAI#XTO[PT'K84TGDZ9GGQPK]2ZG+N&#F4P(=JOL*/-#%CU)



=Q7U&0-6KI
M8G^HR5<8=[V:A?VX0Z&/%,94<\N]!*;2]%Y+</2B:N
5Q
2X#N9'B@UZ
E\


M
+%Y1'3WMS)YP@D: [%EXMIZL6&H<T2?$D
M#^%PW]-A[5FO+7F-!'\I=
J


M+_

 
LA
MM/?#% W@V @!YC104;CCQ(62Z




J(F%)U(@W_R]V&J%8C0;DV;)2U5=
MG4\PVIYSF8*6V=?UJ5]2;\9EYP2$%B SN*GI\+Z()W[,O6J%
)$#53_GT
M9#4


=\(TLFCC
MW 5VQBN48Y*AV9_AX@[N7%4?3+*;5]Z(:MH@S &2^9D87
0I:T?8O6!]7-4]








\]  
MBZ%[%[+.#8M\!2FK$79/(%@/Y*V,!R&#\*%CCRJ/ #^PD(+-!J8WD+:S&M=
MAKXZ.PAT.=_IX


V'X0W< ''IQ'\XU.D(<;KX]<<RJP_&2
M%?=CU2/S],_4NW-]NBTKD_WERKV\+J[PC&+GUKNY!4T4L\*\ 86=N-=M+%6\
MR+LA#6,D6[^SD(A D(V @%ORT_JHMLKJ(50A.$:.Y<<!1%1
?-2)O!;?)/M




GA.&@E4B%$-R7'&-5JYVDPZD





MEFN]!Y-_ R_1!0'9--2K01U_ZD'3%N*3H02;ETP#U7D4)GI.X28&
8(W


0_1PH


M4G#


%CU/%)NL]CE50O&


MAMJ)1SH-SE
=&+S ^G4N;2A[?VAD8C:)+/)*YVE\5$0$IGSA);?C8YZ?M
6P
M]RSKU
;U3]OIR*WD;]'MI91\;+XD:E3V8 ()3&S)2U 3(Q:-)5AA_
&Y$[?D




_NQ9M1N1W0

2



?62.@!Q:#



89;./%M
\FQA#E H
MXQCTXWMI'%#H8BA[X1


K






CF/LKB4U72%#C_\+ Q.:N3ZBG





L(






LH


MCO%\T'96.-]L%=N!H+=LF.MG=IT+:N E^_T.0@J;D^$XMC-/JGO]%=[KS?DB



8?GSE+=.;!_SJ]J[B+HS:# +5V=LF862'PA:
M%GWG$P7RMI_+C\&'@6D+0QGILFTDC94R:_?F9B[%SPU(;(^]F@R,D:;ORE
M:LTPY*UA$\+3^2[SS]%99'YV2*&7[YF',59

PB8 -)-34;7^3RAYQ
MI5P94*5U1YHMZ%FJH?.Z;(%48%$MDJ4[(\-B%P\X((
8?3XX)?9'*8&5[\.:
M =#'/! )

L:Z\ 2*::II\82R#?06-9SO5U:BQ5U'1U7O;T!H:7&IDV[VM



MJFS
DY%L@(7JL-8&2@X
NMYPA#U#K6J99L=+J*O[Y('!:];WQ9UG=/1L3UA%
MGI9


LR.9PL:6!GER
MAN3%I!PL*^2#1Y/XK%S=(Q$3JY8Z;_&EVAO#^?/\];M-@FMYA0AE*^YCX+-
M8)8%Q1^E$5_FF9(4N[;+*A!7?C]C_I Z*5&YJ:F@-*^\D=8P@=6(X]F;2=7L

P8M;7]$-8/S

MTKNE&P&6BD(3P#?

V/C0M1E8U?PP9\\L/^C]_^

M;]M777JIU0=U16?#GNLL+*WLRA4B0^E=%OD^
[J2DC
NK;
.+Y)V6G-O_V
/

MM'
::/C)B&-99)4=T78F+$V7)H_SF2W&I@FDO/#Z'HN+X:E&$WB]X@H60LDI



X[(1).TE-FVUY
M=5C;





M DJ@PA_Y





^N&%/*M94RK5@%)(




MKX&J)6 *F%%-_D6E4H0@A=@O\F@Y?V($V=



M

_3;4=NQ<(\(&R\PY$_0W\,B6E#Q,?<9PX/Q!+
M  L.QC*B+7D7

MU#6!
8_9LFB&C
F+I
L(+\/D 9ML))U@@(Y)CU7LLG717.\1%I]T&NT&4E


?1GZO&-II7'
QI)&)T/?KO/-)=0/QO7&+&$O
MDDE*(R\(

=/9JQBUDB^(AJ V32CXL&EUT9
QA])\,4K@5D
MOLF-PZA;$L)#PP1-#_G<Q$\8^WOF_3/OA5)0L8W%);Q3#E\#.SH)?C7*[Y[
M
JNB:[9I90B7N;J!MNT&^ISIUF5'SKEMF*5PP@7R;U63J(0:0RL9GB$]E_DE


LM-D+!=5^&?F KI2%B%Y)9_MZ#!..4^=C[!:'N.
M1&%7HD.UEJ@Q)ADZMU61)JOOL:P9\B=0-86RMQAD+6J'4^(?FRFB@J
K/X%

8W5 DXLE1HC'

6

MLJG*0*%TX=&/[UW5[-1@]6*N

NQ&P(!K.KFOA^3*%9VGSSR*!
M*;&KWV:$X/?
H3
-0UOY!M 



M7F#_4F($6!W)7%NLTV^M4MJ'ID9;9(%Q,#5R32DJ#T%Z!1^]
ILX4J4C4J
ME*%+CU6;Z.5
WVL#PC2;U V:

.'_3

2

JL.'6
T


BZ1

M1GB7KB?!58[]






MLW)H6A;VJ91X7!;!=;]]1A@-4&/W=2L
Z0=UQKQ.

M'V$:^ZKCD]WI4



A9^'$N]&6#V7C7;)KDL8U*6B-+UR
M[#Y4#E3:E)F!0;H#&!78J8%'W(SQ)\P;]^6E;A(F*'%#I),?TT6_/)/VB_
MHQPSWT\9*Y!ZTG%$QK7:5?(_5?(:2*8T(#=

M4:6B3$PX96MQ.3.

?7R83/#TOXO.W0+L\L+5MX*C65Z
MS6B R%KN\P%H1[$.V%E
D&5C:CZH6MWH_70#38[



MI6;#





ML/*9W1D48
P#D2!^K+$.+)%BJG'ZB;$$\C#@RW*NKU-CJ:*FJ_.RIS?8KY
U
M








G._82;EK)M<M9\-IVEEZ! *;H0N1 6&' 18J0K!ZD[0.8
HJLB


MATY?4.C%$H




!XF\ZQ^L]6H[Q]L/GYY4?D[WDX:(-V

*SW/-$0YILJXCNZY0XG'%-;UO'?FCL8WV]FT[W]4^;M-?RB*Y-6FGO[



M6K85KG
YF5
DP+)G\P]S5V9.* 4U




KKIO6W6]VK-UF&M





O.?)P-O?L R\SO'QU??3$UJYT_^^/#WOGLY!









-_NW+3^@EXL3@!9YAQ<#2]\[+BS/O\/(2V1KZX+N!)F!2ELK+#!T





X!3G@QGS^$Z.T&1

MH+;T3








(7U?A=WWK.EJ^@+KO=GG=MXE
3ZL5V
;2)!8T'[YOM363-

MFYO1*_@%P! L=;4J



'6\.%

\E[% [PM7W0JU.];:?Z]Q08LME\
MYD-= '9!U$R'ILO @V@



^
M

M?ZQ/8L36P4;G(5KB
M! WR7G)7=3SAOO=GJ+']_J@O,)\?(79I%?W6N$*2F$ZR&\#Z/5$SU**6C4



K\V



RT!93


M7QV6?W7$NN

**%%8W))?:=;
M&)^S[WJ^:OY



[#& H[^+.;1U6U%.G2? 0)/T#Z


M

(@R32]O&XD7D6


2I\A







(*N%ZF+?G*/.]U0;I

$@''6^C*TME=.2ZC

J.[W

'WHSE2:!9QEP Q)GA)LQLUT#F+A

4/R#O0 &7W@3
M
!P0?&'-1%HM0]5(7IH+4N^

5Y=@)5J(/@NTPB,]M@99MPKW4N.[91SN;_5?C@^LD#
MV%/A &CY^O48F!.(O'



MAS42WJ0+\YA?DIU29K867HG;I_N'U@PM2X_*^ESC$S(A/UF**@-\Z4AD3%ZU
M-Q[;DCCKR=W/L$FV!)

I8;I



M] NNV7L7VK_;)%^N>9%*^C+V!'EZT%K&J?83::




M@TQP#'.##+ONO*A&3WK%Y4[%8XFK'MUQ.%B6M7AY.'K@#^B!E\?F@;^^//WM


MG0FJ6I


K&P*EP<A&)TJ+&2-RA
M LCE!UMX








!$8D+8?6..^DYG/@

M7_?AWE&U'E7K6%1K68[U=/5^!AOI?13])7U#
;LOB9'==RUG!70']PN=0.:+


M8O C
?4BRR@\@QKDYY.IKR&N]7

M4^36D.$H$G*
EW7J! ]W#FYBG'@.+:;F

0X.3\
XP\7=1OM@5^U\.WN4;@O

MC%

XBB46T=%V;KR1RJ8*A;


M)=-2?V



9[KM%FF/;$T


M

#0YSIP^4A5X?X#!
%O8?0]G 
WB4+@X94:
M

M_!
DA:5;.UH5*L;F%(K2+51_S

M [ O
BQ



N@1NX'8?'#/*J+





EP$:H6

MSHO6W U @AJ*86_NQRCR:O

M^N
C$'L!E#*9][*#W&N&W)G?_BQ!F%2FSW%2[1FV+),VTI,D,7AR\LHBJ'




+;?:P8NQW1[9HL@;$
M]\LX=:7A@
/S

LF:$)
.LSM\ 5B'$2]'LW\1?0


B4C@HYSA#*

+JC
V0VN$9#?
M5Z

2O=S
MX0YHZJI-F6/

L3M;;/Q[<<PU#$=Q*)39P8M%G/_$IZBR)@1Q^,H
M  ^G]J$K2K@$M+=%SX.:TF?B#)1^@ 5L&0V\0GM5(D3&AD5   =HUJ?715!)




6@.MVF=^R%D



)]


/'S[OY(%C%UCZB&PK5\F@X=A3;*!V(O)((



MK:'' X\@


^W2#*LFWG:63*BQ=A]\' 8_$E.S
[*$.IG]?#+U-5Q#:_AP
M4O78G5-3Y6CJ+QNZ2
[?2+^[R;^!YS=R(U.P+[F%.7^3N[MF^J;SLJF/IF*T


]
M4;%H5M73
^+6X13E41RYQ5&#$BD?Q?&H*

MI*TG3V[[O^LHW/]


MDZGQ])3IT-/)NXXV;L!

M\5RG37.


M:([[QCM



O41#3ZCC(FHF
MZUWS1 GWFL%G0E2DDFZ'Y2B-3*3H'FSM3]M2#J#O[#;;G6:O$Y%[3G.*
MT&+-



&.V!5GIQ:
'@1KN
M6

DBTZ(U\E#:RSVN$S+6RXX ^ 03&U[

MXDF5

M4(VOT-C&S7MLB\04:FAW'5)U!'H3[Z9-''(;@GUEC#BB#C+KEY;%+2K;.


.KE6ICUC\SEQ_=(4\DJ1J&
JLG1(

RF11XO
MO.211+%'$UVIWBO^:


L

]KUEI:*SD3R7E/C2L_YSS$D=;9R


M'M329HMDNR5L V#WCE2 5W .?6,4'&;)RN,C Z]T:6.57&U7X1A 8(YYG2




#KY]!F@[R[D=D0C1FB.2OM?2
)PPZ.EK<W9




M/0I1;HTG^-Q5WXUDO 8D/'8'L%RY_S&FK

M!61*Q3+9W$9RJ(K#^RHW]HSG]])




\F+.

M^BMWRD0RAZQ$8


M-%7Q:
1-O$R**7E)QX?WU)2;9UX4VV9#) YR&3V#Q'WSD?

M09CP3_!OI_?7[





MJW'!*0BY-Q^F$

M

?A4M6(W Q, I@J*[/?N.8,9^O+P+01;F
M60.:\PJJ0Z(5W T78YHD,+AXF<,H3<A*,.+2N[+BXQE\!]Z3BH%=VS'.(8L



M1#^?I)=LNX?=E%AS#?OI@1MRO:6ZUOOCAG#UDNWVSHWSNE)

MFOU=DF U'$8!#%9Z.


%CZPV


R?8NVD_^5=@@JFFNUYAJ!)Q0B/@S69@Q160=Z

MC%4CH6HY
U8^VF=%;*!S/!3L
9GUD!1W
K*;V&


G+DCG..PD/1/HJ!)4M5+VLY2IK;)^T&O

B27Y02M$F


M'


)\=YV]_;M)E5E<ZYI\!2BB'&DMQ&SFZ%.$)UF

=N93HBZEINZKP6NL;FV)4_(









M+TPS
J=^AR__A+_%=)[$K*LD 


XA-#W@</P,-ST3B3=%!6TO1C;UK=S8/7CZ









#EX\'!R<'!03\1
^YM'&Z9[;/:G,T12@*9=D@C7A
MNK4)K9 IBCS']BN#Y&K1AYCU4\2(V\F-W,V:E'2E6I6

GS#


MK0O'0U)TY;1LA_@+IBHI3PXB
MTC&15W:[;[\*GFB+P$2A4CA%M_ON6X(I^]'KK6\GPSSM0'/60&5(I(+;X:)




MVPM4NK9SO420W0YDJ_SWMK.?*  I$MITC'D+T^X*JO60CFL)LP_?Q$RE
M=\;2.W.!P_ ]ZW=2R(KBVV%

M

M791N ''\3;T9FCT@4A)N5K1^K+;OET
8]2/*\#1LRTE4RC;1)-[(4?56Z4


D
M0:Z

=LYF!W2W4A0MAZ
M58$

ZBSGYKM+(


P4
YZ2(EJP]E/N

\QJ60M9;2

%4O6CZ\H\((R$2L

MGKO/&%-N9K)^2735@%[Q2'X&?&'*@L?@&I$+CNUGT!;FL\R07= Z3'^#,[
MS



MM0J.




M%@F











MO EDS)[KY=::ENRZ2=+E8^=_*G_
:ANM[:P7%+C+SRS;5YV!*PG3VH/)JY-&
MVXSISW?2H=1C;[#0

M9.9$
S/@);E*A\


C2GQM\=HP3B(W*HO)0-KFRPB
MA?0H6*!SI*B8 X9^C


;R=:RD_0PDK


00G\H$.Y]8CD



@:_TBD?&@*VL2N17@4E[W0H4'19H (A8:#[HR%*G8 3*A

M;

V1)X\#@DU.A'

:6-SR^\+N


2P2X1IV0*

/.C&[SR+NQB7G;
61RDEP-+)I\(VZ2YXVE;]UFRXW;
M3V077G1;1*M[H(.R:5:Y/


MA:&O3A^N%5








M
B\IMWA+SE%YOQ'RT_@9[/PJ3?%XH%BJ\6.9I;9'*N#-W!N=+4)J6!C2G?N#

M+


K(Y^M94]I=46S?/W_^

KKAEMB


D2?(W7B%?S??&X

_WG*;ZE/1ZQ%[UC+WKY(WO1OU0_7P8W.'F&

DL L1\N#FE;=KPGZ\I']U(.*'@@Z2.*I!
MLB(T%IB_@0\



\N<%$T0H&'9<\LX+?YIE6 0S/;%#V





MGVA\D2$%N%UH&EJQ[N*3K;9W@AX

M6_PPSL@V(_R9VLP-+



!



MXT[03AK_
3S@ TR$Q\0#N?;7!9KW&:H'F,WEI^_#]Q%&MBT'H2[J+.I-#V

BA23$$M69TJ-F)YA],_-D&J74V62;F+@5!W

M^![5HB?O:/VRKUS.0V=KEG5E0E#LN F@^YX?&8UV7\)9;\NA-?T\ FBTI9B$

@@L[--6_\.^OOC1-/-



MU&#P9A!6P5I4@TA+V^^ HETE5HIZ&E#4Z\4*.2,T8(S#2A4_O0&JB2

V






MDT8AT*G9ZB[;Y4$:+1)=M*%T%T&8AW0?0YBF93WCC=$TXWLK-$3 K]MH%D



LJ[OV%/[5_Z)@C(9


M((EAVLD6B.%@$WNQM8SS50@ZHX06:

'J10


M.FEO%D(3O: 6A4$


H#_]7J*X
MQK=LO3=(BZM@@WNU5HNYH)0))&.02L8[80S ^ORH*+&714S8'RW&E*N$95V(
M\



$: *N=+(P:0+7UL
M)JYP-\

K.CD'-+'P7



M82SS=9
 %<Y[UJHL*<7^2H1:&_U6
MZP
)7!SE.2YR PW[0DXS5$@!=E)4=3 D$@*2]A\7ZGJR4D*E3^O!4C!%GW
MQ%# %?G1$P1&$SDZU3YDJ?

M GS'N&GDP9#- J0P
%8JB#0Z

.



8E(L%8:J+Z0TX3^4H=!/X=3 4DL(2$O13(9354C H4:\M+H)'


T3O
84=72-[W&Z
Q@BE;#;160=X.XJLDP2
M#'^T\
1UY%(8D5(:!GGX-:)60YA4TB5M-%#;G)&(@2&
&ILJ2(.'PV?I&4]Y

.I 
A.!Z9J^N-
M

.BU(-6&



UQS^
DO4





 Y8;*ZBMET1QQ=(


_O/S[^]I%
S(#&@
M#;QRD9(A


NSN_*

K;)%*ER21%\1W^
4TZ&2[8Y121BTHW4@
M04:B. W(XZS FYPOR2NJKY1V23$#Y#:Q%*)@Z*3'UR=11QK%3!P&B?8NX@7M

M;3HQ9.4DKX
U?3E]186D=;BHW



I
MWHE&I?C22B6'^



+_#JF_K/!@+!$/Y8]1=C,IAMET/0OAYDC\]^Z4  ?P
 &






0)-VW4

NZ=_2_F.GIC)R\*'YH.-D7!O4C

M



4L%7L6NOCQ(ABE #F 9.D=5(3#X=HTI
!ZO-E];

M.5-S#9HU:]OJ?8QC*UVUA8U7Z/D:1[754 VF4B60(ZH.J1#W5281SYE(.^Z4
MQ5(#X5_U:5UDA'XTM

MK@SZ+_-

ML0_S/DC8=UMF@NCO^BN:;%@1+BE\2.4Z-X8



MN3-MH=OK.YW0#:U69SYGJPR&B$

/;-%['89 68OU6^*'XD*AW[&V5G?J1@RK4\3M-
'0

O*NJQ7W[_F%&T8]:=1+7NIY%S02@C3,8=I9!WFIB0]1G!15$E\0V[6Y8


MOSN3_3SV2SRL
A^Y@20KTT=Z Y@OYB35$E; Q^/KSU-JN_^QF%XMIS^J?+
MB57P

%P2PM/3'M_4T#VYQ@^?BAK
M&[/3E.PH9.LC
8;*V*N[IMJ02O7)9Z

9
OD
M :3UA=RR2\YP#:+NA)@N*%U6=$*03.4HFWU+-45O;NV0!]YP=$AE1+.#UB
MHPR&@4


LB9E-UBPR!:5

$PL2PF'O]S1W%-[RV


8/OSD[4\F(90%2DB&7SE6V+,Z1
M.U:M FP[#/+]#O-BWA#O3Q5'H2^D$LFR0&VN=.5 

6*:P^/Z@0(T8C!H
4



MSEJ]7*-ZT1+6.QBU5W1B?#7
MD\Q:R]EREGT5FD4MLXIW/@W#*;LOERFBEB8
RZ9(*F\WD;33!7 [@
74TD;1

'A('05
$;&S?K:S+66S_.!+SKP*FDP7#+%&10U'

V
4H]9;&GR;


4


M1@]Q+O2_1 ;./

1KM@D1WJ8^%DC.C8EV!AC%&

?^5X3?5OI?@?#=_NPR^
4Y_DHI#YE7D[\

0A'3'Y!E_.SU5OLI1G@)%]V?:Z[DX:#ZS.




M]V.1*BS$7M]]HKX!U1)S^%DH@^'X4

M2C]6#TY



5*FC
MH-+W%+77G&FZPOI[N.ESQWM41D]B@W\*2QV8O5B,AO/4A9A'(TVK/L5-53(
MNCZ#K(3;/W,L$+[@G4@A0^6/V23F'44AS[VDC]F/



M
'JMAT8XX%0]AN%**:.&J4



M[2





$YR&)MYJ$$):Z
#@FJ8X=W5J*
K*S%GZT.KO7+VS8%:!TV=# ??[
MZ=WSUR^XDW6TQ;<C77;6JI(%31U?4B8!I_KZO0^D&E#2V!FOX^41(T[ ?*)#
MPJ#3XXQT5*?;Q#OA3%YNA9*+D\TV%6@?91!KP&%.X/0*IQA\P?]Q#C2VJK8










M-_X31^8NZVN [2HE4&
7Y5P3!8TJH*XJ(_]LNZF4AC
5&(#5MI=BK@:HAQ0[



MDC)@J!2'P:%? A*S';YV1125EHNZY(\.;)L]
CE86[(:A'WZ?-C%8\$M[G


X(BJKB
M4+(O[WL?77=!
/Y3]AW4#V!U0P]5O['KQR=RLBZS(*U#_%]VD_:U04K%G#E3
M&I!-YTID8/6S&F_R\,=]:XW[R4*#DCPRHX$K[R2X)4%5Y!)\&KH21XY8P$
MK^U(\-HK5Y;D. U=!*\'DJU\Y(\

!#_8


Q*\LR/!

:6@Q.V


MF-2W=ZWJ*R+D6\/'*!16SQZQ1L+ %=SLDH!O*(=)EM/OD7^BW5OMZP/*J
C0




5%/K?V175.S(-DZ
,:W2N<A:6! U
YJ;.K$1[4H^FVU\$N
M*= E*U1[WX6+/IBE8;;!EY04VE[8BT'L!PDZ=4^4PNA;)NXKUT=]TVC%EG3

K!#

MHWT18#IQ@K=9'LNWN=32H#M





M'@!ZX(#6%.5_0&
H1VG$_L5X=A\DC(OEBE#?%9?&$0S0!]3'!\$6(A!8#[-0



S&LY3E




:.:ZDCIN]GIE%9

M64?

M\I/:HAB@CM&A$\^84-ESZG=L?


V

#$W
M
3(S
[IV@+H]F;$DA


?GP5TU=_



4


MBS:_\?;UAIVGGOFWH:9]B9
D_)#D['VB
MOI?F \KX
Q-E_&OO4VS/?'1WO[!GH G5YME)]KD-&(7)'91/S)1\C3KZXX
MJJ_%AZ\Y

M\8F1A



MCDPXCT



M

-M^NG%=
M:( /5_Y[X1T1
]?$H(:DZQYQFY#?
M[MB5C1 +N!O/TN=JI^=ZQ^=R[E
GPC
MYIV192!Y-QY+*]'C#?/BQ//STP:
11AU?^L:CLU1=^GN&/5X&HQ6&N1KB+

)[V
T)'(AU
MR^YZ/X\#V353]GLZ!^_K6C(=3RM&$DZ2GUP^\0\J)'R(DS@@P:8CP6-+2S?_
M6-^*?[;G^Q--E3EOWIQ,FZF)3[6'.\X3FB?H7-2)C^*3-I27SRBX[7Z6V2
M
KZ ;SJ*O%L2Y=W_(FAAI*_;


M_MH5\0?^T2\%#U=D'HJ?CE/A_I%PSIO*6]89+8^$*?


/&G#*M):/6



Y)NI96


=


M

'0VBG$#2JF4




:T%L$F&G&_:#


%5IX9NEB0X[3[*W 0#8
NV OR/LEKH*O6G'
MU=%@9V7V#+F+^ZZ

MW$\COC$F-DJH3 -



M:; 


1!ZR<)D49CC\FMSNYA)D6O=]06;[!:W)B1G$/F<66&


7HZ!?A2]]E+[%7UP*



T
M
?9)7*_08\)9U1X[GK0-P'K9QS^5=U3-:/C=MG'I&;Z(T8JPD(J


MQ6AL#V&#'CL3II_I.2X0\W%G.&
!2-%S6WJ9?ZI#U4C3*+3#M!WF%5KTQ)E^

1K;(.F



3?N
\

K7J2A*2B*ECYW5XJ\S<K6-L#_0N%XU^
M0'!C&6D*

Z]8V







4


MT Z@PV37!D/[86*I




-(Z]^ TB-/2C-B


B^:

M5IX*^V_J4Z%


O\.ZO-O33394*'&



2K*$J\-5]([7&:KK;VS0

M@$@OO!L0G7@LYC*)JE:Y*1J





:OWBHV2^


Q_WV^8N1'TT3Z8GV]+@J8'UAMA5D=K(-X.+!JBI7N+:.
M,R8K8K7@'.)B\^Y*JX)NPM]75:[;3]HIY4ND[F=LMQ8Q8OJ/I])NA#OBXM7

P]

$V/
M/




M4X]S YB!F0T%*X_IFT4P*4SE]\B]HZGVBB
_=
M 9.S@XGOBCU&W/



MBIL28^9BF 86



M6UI
V;Z(M(MF7
L*TL[?ZW?U&

M%]59



MR@




MHA$@A-@IQ% DH/+@7Z1L433%(4 (L4

SFL8*7;5W7[0T/JJ
M=X*'T?


M-_^&)G8.A7BZO24895(H'&[OXA)M[!J0DW^2-L!4B%%#T?K!1)-G8-R'G8
M]J92ID0/)NL%CJ8NW'/CP6[V(PCYDG+MDM;12H#@EW:Q*P'BRC7^LA)BG0BV
M20(4 #081O%8!&48 4\'U?EVILK]UB^A7DLN]4F 6RX3[QZXF?V#5&]($H7
M_&/C\E"5?OBJW322^:PK_*EJ/9+46W'HNX5E3[\\=C?0F1[??89RW[4J!U



)U\D-YR61?V6R.?3[*VZ@;QC-M6'0KP:&L69\B1/B9_Q67_6X



M1&


8
M$&0C(11K5ZQF0$V
'_+K!66I$.^0





NKA%C$*C.PO#R!B


M6)5Z_?.DTN^$2SZI].Q$Z%6)82YYA6.;9[PMN^GS4@8%$N;U:=T;LB^H%8[E

M?D@]%ES



MJAHH'4%R#8=9IB&$HTA(@&O C0TN=V$5OL;CC(7QO*CL5#BUSLE]_I7VT@:C

MR6P.4U.X8#X9I:'+!

 97?CPG.8




C Q-S$R


end



