

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001079974-16-001239
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		48
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20160523
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20160523
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000882800
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				752100622
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54584
		FILM NUMBER:		161667821
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		117 WEST 9TH STREET SUITE 316
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90015
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-392-5606
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		117 WEST 9TH STREET SUITE 316
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90015
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICAN EAGLE GROUP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940301










    Document created using EDGARfilings PROfile 3.6.0.0
    Copyright 1995 - 2016 Summit Financial Printing

























PACIFIC VENTURES GROUP
 INC.





















































































 including area code: 






 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes&#160;&#160;




 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes&#160;&#160;&#9744;


 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files. Yes&#160;&#160;&#9744;


 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant's knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Yes&#160;


 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer





















































 as of&#160;June 30
 2015
 was 184



 par value $0.001
 outstanding of the registrant's common stock as of May 20
 2016:&#160;&#160;26
399





































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 wherever possible
 to identify such statements by using words such as anticipate, estimate, expect, project, intend, plan, believe, will and similar expressions in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance. In particular
 these include statements relating to future actions
 future performance or results of current and anticipated sales efforts
 expenses
 the outcome of contingencies
 such as legal proceedings




 any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made
 and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events or circumstances. New factors emerge from time to time
 and it is not possible for us to predict all of such factors. Further
 we cannot assess the impact of each such factor on our results of operations or the extent to which any factor
 or combination of factors
































 Inc. (the Company or Pacific Ventures) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on October 3
 1986
 under the name AOA Corporation. On November 12
 1991
 the Company changed its name to American Eagle Group
 Inc. On October 22
 2012
 the Company changed its name to Pacific Ventures Group




 2015
 Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc. and its stockholders entered into a share exchange agreement with Sn&#246;bar Holdings
 Inc. (Sn&#246;bar Holdings)
 pursuant to which Pacific Ventures acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of Sn&#246;bar Holdings' Class A and Class B common stock in exchange for 22
500
000 restricted shares of Pacific Ventures' common stock while simultaneously issuing 2
500







 Inc. (Sn&#246;bar Holdings) was formed in the State of Delaware on January 7
 2013.&#160; Sn&#246;bar Holdings is the trustor and sole beneficiary of Snobar Trust
 a California trust (Trust)
 which was formed in June 1
 2013. The current trustee that holds legal title to the Trust is Clark Rutledge
 who is the father of Shannon Masjedi
 who controls Sn&#246;bar Holdings. The Trust owns 100% of the shares of International Production Impex Corporation
 a California corporation (IPIC)
 which was formed on August 2
 2001. IPIC is in the business of selling alcohol-infused ice cream and ice-pops
 and holds all of the rights to the liquor licenses to sell such products and trade names Sn&#246;Bar. As such
 the Trust holds all ownership interest of IPIC and its liquor licenses
 permitting IPIC to sell its product to distributors
 with all income
 expense
 gains and losses rolling up to the Trust
 of which Sn&#246;bar Holdings is the sole beneficiary.&#160; Sn&#246;bar Holdings also owns 99.9% of the shares of MAS Global Distributors
 Inc.
 a California corporation (MGD). MGD is in the business of selling and leasing freezers and providing marketing services.&#160; As a result of the foregoing
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings is the primary beneficiary of all assets




 Sn&#246;bar Holdings performs ongoing reassessments of whether it is the primary beneficiary of a VIE. As the assessment of Sn&#246;bar Holdings' management is that Sn&#246;bar Holdings has the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the VIE's activities (it is responsible for establishing and operating IPIC)
 and the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE and the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE's economic performance
 it was therefore concluded by management that Sn&#246;bar Holdings is the primary beneficiary of the Trust and IPIC. As such
 the Trust and IPIC were consolidated in the financial statements of Sn&#246;bar Holdings since the inception of the Trust
 in the case of the Trust
 and since the inception of Sn&#246;bar Holdings




 Suite 316
 Los Angeles

























 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (Sn&#246;bar Holdings)
 was incorporated in the state of Delaware on January 7
 2013. Sn&#246;bar Holdings is the trustor and sole beneficiary of Snobar Trust
 a California trust (Trust)
 which was formed in June 1
 2013. The trustee that holds legal title to the Trust is Clark Rutledge
 who is the father of Shannon Masjedi. The Trust owns 100% of the shares of International Production Impex Corporation
 a California corporation (IPIC)
 which was formed on August 2
 2001. IPIC is the owner of liquor licenses and the trade name Sn&#246;Bar and is in the business of selling and distributing alcohol-infused ice creams and ice-pops through its distributors. Sn&#246;bar Holdings also owns 99.9% of the shares of MAS Global Distributors
 Inc.
 a California corporation (MGD). MGD is in the business of selling and leasing freezers and providing marketing services.&#160; As a matter of law
 IPIC may not be engaged in any business similar to MGD.&#160; As a result of the foregoing
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings is the beneficiary of all assets




 alcohol distribution company
 that is initially marketing two products: Sn&#246;Bar alcohol infused ice pops




 similar to popsicles on a stick
 but made with premium liquor such as premium tequila and vodka and are currently manufactured in three flavors
 Margarita
 Cosmopolitan and Mojito.&#160; The alcohol freezing technology used to produce these beverage bars can be applied to almost any alcohol type and mixture




 there are four flavors available: Brandy Alexander; Brandy Alexander with chocolate chips; Grasshopper; and Pink Squirrel.&#160; There are also numerous different liquor ice cream flavors in development in classic ice cream drink styles such as Coffee Liqueur Ice Cream
 Pi&#241;a Colada Sorbet
 Sherry Ice Cream




 whereby the alcohol content
 quality and flavor is not degraded during the production process. The technology is also applicable to other food and beverage products such as yogurt

























 and ice cream markets have consistently exhibited year-over-year growth
 and are projected to continue this positive trend.&#160; Not only are these products a part of an expanding market segment




 the Sn&#246;Bar brand was introduced in the USA in the state of Arizona. The brand was extremely well received and was immediately placed in the top chain stores and restaurants
 resorts including Total Wine and the Bevmo Chains.&#160; Due to its multiple applications and uses




 the Sn&#246;Bar brand was launched in Nevada. Immediately
 the Sn&#246;Bar products were in demand in all the major casinos and resorts.&#160;&#160; The Sn&#246;Bar brand joined forces with reputable hotels and resorts
 including
 but not limited to
 the Bellagio
 Golden Nugget
 Rio
 Wynn
 Encore
 TAO
 Caesars Palace
 Hilton
 The M and MGM. In Nevada
 IPIC's focus is to place the Sn&#246;Bar brand within all the venues of the hotels including catering and banquets
 room service




 the Sn&#246;Bar brand was launched in the state of Florida
 in cities including Miami
 Tampa
 Orlando
 Jacksonville and the panhandle. This expansion resulted in Sn&#246;Bar products being offered by reputable hotels and resorts
 including
 but not limited to
 Ritz Carlton Hotel
 Fountainbleau
 Hilton




 the Sn&#246;Bar brand was launched in California. Over 100 accounts with retailers for Sn&#246;Bar products were established in the 90 day period following the launch in California.&#160; The focus in California has been ensuring that the accounts are reordering product and being serviced and supported properly. Currently




 the largest retailer in the world
 approved the Sn&#246;Bar brand to be test marketed in a few stores in the Florida market. The first store sold out of more than 10 cases of Sn&#246;Bar products within the first two weeks prompting an 85 case reorder. After a three month trial period








 IPIC restructured its approach to distribution of Sn&#246;Bar products and scaled back the operating expenditures by reducing its expenses. Most notably




000 worth of Sn&#246;Bar products for distribution in Grand Cayman Island
 Slovenia
 Croatia
 Serbia and Cuba
 if and when trade is permissible with Cuba. Another contract provides for an exclusive right to distribute for a minimum term of two years with an aggregate of $700
000 worth of Sn&#246;Bar products for distribution in Puerto Rico
 Costa Rica
 Dominican Republic and Panama.&#160; The last contract provides for an exclusive right to distribute for a minimum term of two years with an aggregate of $700
000 worth of Sn&#246;Bar products for the first year and $300
000 worth of Sn&#246;Bar products for each year thereafter for distribution in mainland China
 Hong Kong




 including Australia






















 where a large retail chain named Spec's has approved of offering Sn&#246;Bar products for sale







 ice cream manufacturers continue to diversify their lines of frozen desserts in order to fit into various lifestyles.&#160; However
 most consumers are looking for an indulgence when eating ice creams
 which makes these products&#160; well situated&#160; with its ideal formula of two enjoyable products














 warehousing
 distribution
 and merchandising methods currently used for ice cream.&#160;&#160; Specifically
 the proprietary formulation and manufacturing method stabilize the alcohol molecules from interacting with ice crystals and milk proteins making it possible to mass-produce a solid alcohol-infused ice cream that has a flavoring system of up to 20% distilled spirits.&#160; To date




 not semi-soft or in a milk shake consistency like one would find at bars and restaurants:&#160;&#160; These products are ready-to-eat solid or can be blended into a cocktail.&#160;&#160; While Sn&#246;Bar products look like ice cream and frozen popsicles
 the Bureau of Alcohol
 Tobacco








 males have been the greater consumer of alcohol.&#160; The primary target market for these two products is adult women 21 to 65. An alcoholic-infused ice cream drink would appear to combine the best of both worlds for the female consumer. Of course
 to a large degree the market for frozen alcohol desserts includes all adults
 excluding those who have dietary
 medical




 similar to a popsicle on a stick
 and are currently manufactured in three flavors; Margarita
 Cosmopolitan
 and Mojito.&#160; Both recipes include premium liquors of blue agave tequila and vodka
 however
 the alcohol freezing technology can be applied to almost any alcohol type and mixture




















 initially sales are expected to be driven mostly by on-premise accounts.&#160; The spirits category represents over 650
000 licensed retail accounts absorbing sales of over 175 million x 9 liter equivalent cases annually. IPIC can viably reach 30% of this market
 approximately 195
000 outlets
 accounting for 52.5 million equivalent cases. While a core-target audience of females 21 to 65 years old have been highly accepting and positive regarding the product
 our market studies show that the actual acceptance band of the product is much wider
 and that if cost is not a purchase condition




 coupled with a focused launch and national distribution network







 drug stores were at nearly 2%




 resorts
 cruise lines and hotels.&#160; Additionally
 various celebrity branding and product endorsements are currently being explored.&#160; Initially
 IPIC will focus on major accounts in four core markets consisting of Southern California
 Phoenix
 Las Vegas and Miami. The larger vision is to sell products in grocery stores such as Kroger
 Wal-Mart and others




 allows Sn&#246;Bar to bring new consumers and revenue to our vendors
 hence creating incremental growth in their overall sales. A national direct mail campaign to liquor retailers and leading food service operators will support these efforts.&#160; By Sn&#246;Bar creating a new vehicle for distilled spirits
 many consumers will be tasting liqueurs and liquors for the first time




 night clubs
 restaurants
 resorts
 hotels
 event banquet and catering firms




 the target consumer is 21 to 34 year olds
 predominately females that frequent restaurants
 bars
 and events on a regular basis.&#160;&#160; While the consumer demographic is predominantly female




 Inc.
 a California corporation (MGD)
 formed in December 14
 2010
 a majority owned subsidiary of Sn&#246;bar Holdings







 it is anticipated that Sn&#246;Bar consumption will be strong in warm climates
 specialty venues
 cruise lines
 resorts

























 storage and aging of distilled products are primarily corn and other grains for whiskies and other spirits
 agave for tequila
 molasses for rum
 grapes for cognac
 sticks for the popsicles and milk and other dairy products for the ice cream. IPIC does not currently have any long-term supply agreements with third-party suppliers for the purchase of any of raw materials used in our products. From time to time
 these raw materials are affected by weather and other forces that may impact production and quality
 and
 ultimately
















 as well as with third-party distributors of its products . IPIC's products that are in inventory may be subject to spoliation
 theft
 or other hazards that could adversely affect the financial condition
 results of operations or business of IPIC. While IPIC tries to take precautions to prevent such occurrences
 the ice pops
 in particular
 require refrigeration to a certain temperature that if not maintained can cause the degradation in the products consistency. Ultimate end consumers may not maintain their freezers at the required temperatures which may cause them to believe that there ice-pops have partially melted and therefore they may return the ice-pops







 Sn&#246;Bar will partner with more food
 beverage and alcohol distributors. The Sn&#246;Bar products are primarily sold through direct sales forces to distributors. The product delivery will occur through frozen distribution channels. Transportation of the product from the manufacturing facility to customers will be handled by third parties contracted by IPIC. IPIC is utilizing frozen warehouse facilities in Los Angeles and Phoenix











 brand names and trade names that are important to its continued success. The Sn&#246;Bar brand is fully trademarked within the USA and is currently seeking worldwide trademark rights.&#160; IPIC's business could be adversely affected by the loss of any major brand or by material infringement of its intellectual property rights. The Sn&#246;Bar products are also subject to intellectual property risks because existing trademark laws offer only limited protection
 and the laws of some countries in which the Sn&#246;Bar products are or may be developed

























 brand image
 price
 service and innovation in response to consumer preferences. While the industry is highly fragmented
 major competitors on the alcohol-side of the business include Brown-Forman Corporation
 Diageo PLC
 Beam
 Inc
 Pernod Ricard S.A.
 Bacardi Limited
 Davide Campari Milano-S.P .A.
 Remy Cointreau S.A.
 and Constellation Brands
 Inc. and major competitors on the dessert-side of the business include such premium brands as Haagen Dazs and Dreyer's







 storage
 transportation
 distribution and sale of the Sn&#246;Bar products are subject to regulation by federal
 state




 Tobacco
 Firearms and Explosives regulates the U.S. spirits industry with respect to production
 blending
 bottling
 sales
 advertising
 and transportation of industry products. Also
 each state in the United States regulates the advertising
 promotion
 transportation
 sale
 and distribution of such products.&#160; Many of the key markets for IPIC's business
 distilled spirits are subject to federal excise taxes and/or customs duties
 as well as state/provincial
 local and other taxes. Sales of products containing alcohol could be adversely impacted by increases to excise tax rates
 which are considered from time to time by U.S. states and municipalities and in other key markets for IPIC's business. The effect of any future excise tax increases in any jurisdiction cannot be determined
 but it is possible that any future excise tax increases could have an adverse effect on IPIC's business







 the laws and regulations include the Clean Air Act
 the Clean Water Act
 the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and Superfund (the environmental program established in the Comprehensive Environmental Response
 Compensation
 and Liability Act to address abandoned hazardous waste sites)







 2015
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings does not have any employees.&#160; IPIC
Sn&#246;bar Holdings


 has five (5) employees as of December 31































 our business
 results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. In those cases








 we face substantial competition in these areas
 and do not have as extensive a history of operating in these areas as some of our competitors.&#160; If we are unsuccessful in marketing and advertising alcohol infused frozen products








 our revenues
 margins and market share could be adversely affected
 any of which could significantly harm our business







 efforts and performance of our senior management and key technical personnel. It is anticipated that our executive officers will enter into employment agreements. However
 while it is customary to use employment agreements as a method of retaining the services of key personnel
 these agreements do not guarantee us the continued services of such employees. In addition
 we have not entered into employment agreements with most of our key personnel.&#160; The loss of our executive officers or our other key personnel
 particularly with little or no notice
 could cause delays on projects and could have an adverse impact on our client and industry relationships
 our business








 attract
 hire
 train and retain qualified creative
 technical and managerial personnel. We expect competition for personnel with the specialized creative and technical skills needed to create our products and provide our services will continue to intensify.&#160; We often hire individuals on a project-by-project basis
 and individuals who work on one or more projects for us may not be available to work on future projects.&#160; If we have difficulty identifying
 attracting
 hiring
 training and retaining such qualified personnel
 or incur significant costs in order to do so







 geopolitical and economic variables
 weather
 and other unpredictable external factors. We buy commodities such as corn and other grains
 molasses
 grapes
 sticks and plastic for the production
 packaging and distribution of our products. Availability
 increases and volatility in the prices of these commodities
 as well as products sourced from third parties and energy used in making
 distributing and transporting our products
 could increase the manufacturing and distribution costs of our products. While in the past we have been able to mitigate the impact of these cost increases through productivity improvements and pricing adjustments
























 poor performance or financial default of a major distributor or one of its major customers could adversely affect our business. Industry consolidation could also adversely affect our margins and profitability. Though large customers can offer efficiencies and unique opportunities
 they can also seek to make significant changes in their volume of purchases
 represent a large number of competing products
 negotiate more favorable terms and seek price reductions




 supply




 supply
 manufacturing and license agreements for our supplies and products. These agreements vary depending on the particular supply and/or product








 speed and flexibility to meet changing and uncertain market conditions. Our success also depends in part on refining our cost structure and supply chains so that we have flexibility and are able to respond to market pressures to protect profitability and cash flow or ramp up quickly and effectively to meet demand. Failure to achieve the desired level of quality
 capacity or cost reductions could adversely affect our financial results. Despite our efforts to control costs and increase efficiency in our facilities








 many of which are outside of our control. As a result of these fluctuations
 financial planning and forecasting may be more difficult and comparisons of our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not necessarily be meaningful.&#160; Accordingly
 you should not rely on our annual and quarterly results of operations as any indication of future performance. Each of the risk factors described in this Risks Related to Our Business section
 and the following factors





&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;the amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures related to the maintenance and expansion of our businesses
 operations and infrastructure;













geopolitical events such as war
 threat of war or terrorist actions.



















 the value of our common stock could decrease significantly in spite of our operating performance. In addition
 our business
 and the alcoholic beverage business
 has historically been cyclical and seasonal in nature







 have generated limited revenue to date




 our financial condition will deteriorate
 and we may be unable to achieve our business objectives
 including without limitation







 we had an accumulated stockholders' deficit of approximately $ 4
891
353 and recurring losses from operations as of December 31
 2015. We also had a working capital deficit of approximately $2
045
677 as of December 31
 2015. We intend to fund operations through raising additional capital through debt financing and equity issuances and increased lending activities which may be insufficient to fund our capital expenditures
 working capital or other cash requirements for the year ending December 31
 2015. We are continuing to seek additional funds to finance our immediate and long term operations. The successful outcome of future financing activities cannot be determined at this time and there is no assurance that if achieved
 we will have sufficient funds to execute our intended business plan or generate positive operating results. These factors
 among others
 raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The audit report for the fiscal years ended December 31




 which may not be available to us on acceptable terms
 or at all
 and
 if not available may require us to delay








 both near- and long-term
 will depend on many factors
 including

































 acquiring or investing in complimentary businesses
 products












 expand and defend the scope of our intellectual product portfolio
 including the amount and timing of any payments we may be required to make
 or that we may receive
 in connection with the licensing
 filing
 prosecution














































 timing of and success of our co-branding
 licensing



















 which may adversely affect our ability to develop and market our alcohol-infused products. In addition
 we cannot guarantee that future financing will be available in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us
 if at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when required or on acceptable terms
 we may be required to significantly delay
 scale back or discontinue the development or marketing of one or more of our products or product candidates or curtail our operations
 which will have a Material Adverse Effect on our business








 debt-financings
 or other third party funding or other collaborations
 strategic alliances or licensing arrangements. These financing activities may have an adverse impact on our stockholders' rights as well as our operations. For instance
 any debt financing may impose restrictive covenants on our operations or otherwise adversely affect the holdings or the rights of our stockholders. In addition
 if we seek funds through arrangements with partners
 these arrangements may require us to relinquish rights to some of our technologies








 we may selectively pursue strategic acquisitions in our industry and related industries.&#160; We may not be able to consummate such acquisitions
 which could adversely impact our growth.&#160; If we do consummate acquisitions
 integrating an acquired company
 business or technology may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures
























 currency risks and the particular economic




 and the anticipated benefits from our future acquisitions may not materialize. In addition
 future acquisitions or dispositions could result in potentially dilutive issuances of our equity securities
 including our common stock
 the incurrence of debt
 contingent liabilities or amortization expenses
 or write-offs of goodwill























 hurricanes
 terrorist attacks
 floods
 fires
 power loss
 telecommunications failures
 computer viruses or other attempts to harm our systems
 and similar events. Our facilities are located in areas with a high risk of major earthquakes and are also subject to break-ins
 sabotage and intentional acts of vandalism. Some of our systems are not fully redundant
 and our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. The occurrence of a natural disaster or other unanticipated problems at our Santa Monica
 California facility or manufacturing facility located in Orange County
 California could result in lengthy interruptions in our projects and our ability to deliver services. An error or defect in the software
 a failure in the hardware
 a failure of our backup facilities could delay our delivery of products and services and could result in significantly increased production costs
 hinder our ability to retain and attract clients and damage our brand if clients believe we are unreliable.&#160; Given our reliance on our industry relationships







 primarily due to changing consumer preferences and technological developments. The rapid growth of technology and shifting consumer tastes prevent us from being able to accurately predict the overall effect that changing consumer preferences may have on our potential revenue and profitability.&#160; If we are unable to develop and effectively market new products that adequately or competitively address the needs of these changing consumer preferences







 production
 labeling
 and marketing. Changes to regulation of the alcohol industry could include increased limitations on advertising and promotional activities or other non-tariff measures that could adversely impact our business. In addition
 we face government regulations pertaining to the health and safety of our employees and our consumers as well as regulations addressing the impact of our business on the environment
 domestically as well as internationally. Compliance with these health
 safety and environmental regulations may require us to alter our manufacturing processes and our sourcing. Such actions could adversely impact our results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition








 state and/or local level. Any increase in federal
 state or local excise taxes could have an adverse effect on our business by increasing prices and reducing demand
 particularly if excise tax levels increase substantially relative to those for beer and wine. In addition








 automobile and property insurance. We do not know
 however
 if we will be able to maintain insurance with adequate levels of coverage. In addition
 we do not know if we will be able to obtain and maintain coverage for the business in which we engage. No assurance can be given that an insurance carrier will not seek to cancel or deny coverage after a claim has occurred. Any significant uninsured liability may require us to pay substantial amounts
 which would adversely affect our business






















 if successful claims are brought against us
 we may incur substantial liability costs. If the use of our products harms customers or third parties
 or is perceived to harm such persons even when such harm is unrelated to our products




 there is a risk that the use of our products could cause our customers to have an adverse health event. If we cannot successfully defend our product liability claims
 we could incur substantial liability and costs. In addition
 regardless of merit or eventual outcome




000
000 million per occurrence and $5
000
000 million aggregate limit. We believe our product liability insurance coverage as supplemented by our umbrella insurance policy is sufficient in light of our current financial condition; however











 consultants and vendors
 and generally control access to and distribution of our software
 technology and other proprietary information. Despite these precautions
 it may be possible for a third party to copy or otherwise obtain and use our software
 technology and other proprietary information
 without authorization
 or to develop similar or superior technology independently. The steps we take may not prevent misappropriation of our technology




 we may be required to litigate in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights
 to protect our trade secrets




 with whom we co-developed our proprietary freezing technology




 including the fact that the manufacturer only has facilities in Southern California and is subject to the risk of earthquakes and other disasters. We do not have any other supplier for our products and if anything were to happen to this supplier
 including such supplier's business failure




 fires
 floods
 power outages and other catastrophic events
 and to interruption by manmade problems such as terrorism. A disruption at our production facility could adversely impact our results of operations




















 which is located in Southern California. A significant natural disaster
 such as an earthquake
 fire or a flood or a significant power outage could have a material adverse impact on our business
 financial condition or operating results. If there were a catastrophic failure at our major production facility
 our business would be adversely affected. The loss of a substantial amount of inventory &#8211; through fire
 other natural or man-made disaster
 contamination
 or otherwise &#8211; could result in a significant reduction in supply of the affected product or products. Similarly
 if we experienced a disruption in the supply of our products
 our business could suffer. A consequence of any of these supply disruptions could be our inability to meet consumer demand for the affected products for a period of time. In addition
 there can be no assurance that insurance proceeds would cover the replacement value of our products or other assets if they were to be lost. In addition
 if a catastrophe such as an earthquake
 fire
 flood or power loss should affect one of the third parties on which we rely
 our business prospects could be harmed. Moreover
 acts of terrorism could cause disruptions in our business or the business of our third-party service providers
 partners







 including software that is integrated and used with internally developed software. These third-party technology licenses may not in the future be available to us on commercially reasonable terms
 or at all. The loss of any of these technology licenses could result in delays in performance of work until we identify
 license and integrate equivalent technology
 and we may not be able to identify
 license or integrate any such equivalent technology in a timely manner or at all. Any resulting delays in our performance could damage our reputation and result in a decrease in our revenues during the period of delay
 either of which could materially adversely affect our business







 regardless of their merit
 and any such assertions or prosecutions may adversely affect our business and/or our operating results. Irrespective of the validity or the successful assertion of such claims
 we would incur significant costs and diversion of resources relating to the defense of such claims
 which could have an adverse effect on our business and/or our operating results. If any claims or actions are asserted against us
 we may seek to obtain a license of a third-party's intellectual property rights; however







 the growth of our business could be adversely impacted
 which may
 in turn
 negatively affect our operating results or financial condition.&#160; In addition
 we believe that a critical contributor to our success has been our creative culture. As we attempt to grow
 we may find it difficult to maintain important aspects of our corporate culture







 at times
 may even be contradictory. Our failure to comply with these overlapping regulatory structures could materially adversely affect our business








 which in turn could adversely affect alcoholic type products.&#160; In addition
 an increase in price levels generally
 or in price levels in a particular sector such as the energy sector




















 adversely impacting our results of operations




 including strong employment
 consumer confidence and credit availability
 are important not only to the basic health of our consumer markets
 but also to our own financial condition. There are presently significant challenges in the global economy
 including high unemployment rates
 low consumer confidence
 record budget deficits and levels of government debt
 and fragile credit and housing markets. In addition
 instability in the global credit markets
 including the recent European economic and financial turmoil related to sovereign debt issues in certain countries
 the instability in the geopolitical environment in many parts of the world and other disruptions
 may continue to put pressure on global economic conditions. As a result
 consumers' increased price consciousness may endure
 which may affect consumers' willingness to pay for premium brands as well as the overall level of consumption of products containing alcohol
 particularly in bars
 restaurants
 nightclubs and other public environments where consumers drink spirits. Furthermore
 our suppliers and customers could experience cash flow problems
 increased costs or reduced availability of financing
 credit defaults
 and other financial hardships. These factors may increase our bad debt expense
 cause us to reduce the levels of unsecured credit that we may provide to customers and otherwise adversely impact our results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition. A prolonged global economic stagnation may impact our access to capital markets
 result in increased interest rates on debt that we may take on to expand operations








 public health initiatives
 product innovations
 changes in travel
 vacation or leisure activity patterns and a downturn in economic conditions
 which may reduce consumers' willingness to purchase products that contain alcohol or cause a shift in consumer preferences toward non-alcoholic alternatives. In addition
 concerns about health issues relating to alcohol consumption
 dietary effects
 regulatory action or any litigation against companies in the industry may have an adverse effect on our business. Our success depends in part on fulfilling available opportunities to meet consumer needs and anticipating changes in consumer preferences with successful new products and product innovations. While we devote significant focus to the development of new products
 we may not be successful in their development or these new products may not be commercially successful. In addition
 global economic conditions or market trends could cause consumer preferences to trend away from our premium alcohol-infused popsicles and ice cream alternatives







 brand image
 price
 service and ability to innovate in response to consumer preferences. It is possible that our competitors may either respond to industry conditions or consumer trends more rapidly or effectively or resort to price competition to sustain market share
 both of which could adversely affect our sales and profitability. Further
 while we believe that our scale
 portfolio breadth and entrepreneurial organization relative to that of our competitors gives us the ability to outperform our market
 we nevertheless face a risk that a continuing consolidation of the large distilled spirits companies could cause us to experience competitive disadvantages. Our inability to manage these and other competitive factors successfully could adversely affect our results of operations







 however
 there are inherent uncertainties in these estimates. As a result






















 as well as provisions of Delaware law
 could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire us







 claims
 disputes and investigations in the normal conduct of our operations. These include
 but are not limited to
 commercial disputes
 including purported class actions
 employment claims
 actions by tax and customs authorities
 and environmental matters. Some of these legal proceedings may include claims for substantial or unspecified damages. It is possible that some of the actions could be decided unfavorably and could adversely affect our results of operations
 cash flows or financial condition. In addition
 because litigation and other legal proceedings can be costly to defend




 cash flows




 financial position
 profits and losses and prospects
 historical financial statements do not represent what our results of operations
 cash flows











 Inc. under the symbol PACV. We may not ever be able to satisfy the listing requirements for our common stock to be listed on any stock exchange
 including the trading platforms of the NASDAQ Stock Market which are often more widely-traded and liquid markets. Some
 but not all
 of the factors which may delay or prevent the listing of our common stock on a more widely-traded and liquid market include the following: our stockholders' equity may be insufficient; the market value of our outstanding securities may be too low; our net income from operations may be too low; our common stock may not be sufficiently widely held; we may not be able to secure market makers for our common stock; and we may fail to meet the rules and requirements mandated by




 limited operating history and lack of profits which could lead to wide fluctuations in our share price. You may be unable to sell your common stock at or above your conversion price






















 and we expect that our share price will continue to be more volatile than a seasoned issuer for the indefinite future. The volatility in our share price is attributable to a number of factors. First
 as noted above
 our common stock are sporadically and thinly traded. As a consequence of this lack of liquidity
 the trading of relatively small quantities of shares by our shareholders may disproportionately influence the price of those shares in either direction. The price for our shares could
 for example
 decline precipitously in the event that a large number of our common stock are sold on the market without commensurate demand
 as compared to a seasoned issuer which could better absorb those sales without adverse impact on its share price. Secondly
 we are a speculative or risky investment due to our limited operating history and lack of profits to date
 and uncertainty of future market acceptance for our potential products and services. As a consequence of this enhanced risk
 more risk-adverse investors may
 under the fear of losing all or most of their investment in the event of negative news or lack of progress
 be more inclined to sell their shares on the market more quickly and at greater discounts than would be the case with the stock of a seasoned issuer. Many of these factors are beyond our control and may decrease the market price of our common stock
 regardless of our operating performance. We cannot make any predictions or projections as to what the prevailing market price for our common stock will be at any time
 including as to whether our common stock will sustain their current market prices







 as any equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share
 subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock
 unless exempt























































 prior to any transaction in a penny stock
 a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating to the penny stock market
 which

















































 existing shareholders may be able to rely on Rule 144 to sell some of their holdings




 2008 that apply to securities acquired both before and after that date. Under these amendments
 a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that: (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of
 or at any time during the three months preceding a sale
 (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least 90 days before the sale and (iii) if the sale occurs prior to satisfaction of a one-year holding period












 or at any time during the three months preceding a sale
 would be subject to additional restrictions



























 in each case
 that we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale. Such sales by affiliates must also comply with the manner of sale




 our principal stockholder
 director and executive officer
 owns a large percentage of our voting stock




 our principal stockholder
 director and executive officer
have substantial influence over the outcome of corporate actions requiring shareholder approval
 including the election of directors
 any merger
 consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets or any other significant corporate transaction. In particular
 because a certain officer
 Shannon Masjedi
 who owns 15
864
639 shares of our Common Stock and 1
000
000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock (with 10 votes per share)
 she will be assured of such control. This shareholder may also delay or prevent a change of control or otherwise discourage a potential acquirer from attempting to obtain control of us







 if any
 for use as working capital and for other general corporate purposes.&#160; Any payment of future dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon
 among other things
 our earnings
 financial condition
 capital requirements
 level of indebtedness
 statutory and contractual restrictions applying to the payment of dividends and other considerations that the Board of Directors deems relevant.&#160;&#160; Investors must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation
 which may never occur























 as well as historical information.&#160;&#160;&#160;Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable
 we cannot assure you that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements will prove to be correct.&#160;&#160;&#160;Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors
 including matters described in the section titled Risk Factors.&#160;&#160;&#160;Forward-looking statements include those that use forward-looking terminology
 such as the words anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, may, project, plan, will, shall, should and similar expressions
 including when used in the negative.&#160;&#160;&#160;Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable and achievable
 these statements involve risks and uncertainties and no assurance can be given that actual results will be consistent with these forward-looking statements.&#160;&#160;&#160;Actual results may be materially different than those described in this annual report.&#160;&#160;&#160;Important factors that could cause our actual results




 we undertake no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements
 whether to reflect events or circumstances after the date initially filed or published


















 2015





















 Suites 316 and 423
 Los Angeles



















 a criminal proceeding
 an administrative or civil proceeding limiting one's participation in the securities or banking industries
 or a finding of securities or commodities law violations. Except for Shannon Masjedi
 who filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy in 2010
 which was discharged in August 2011
 and Marc Shenkman
 who filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 2010
 which was dismissed but not discharged in May 2012
 none of our directors or officers has filed for and has been affiliated with any company that has filed for bankruptcy within the last ten years. We are not aware of any proceedings to which any of our officers or directors
 or any associate of any such officer or director



















































































































































































































































































































































 without retail mark-up




 Pacific Ventures has not paid any dividends on its Common Stock




 2015
 Pacific Ventures had approximately 264 stockholders of record and 25
799










 2015
 Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc. and its stockholders entered into a share exchange agreement with Sn&#246;bar Holdings
 Inc. (Sn&#246;bar Holdings)
 pursuant to which Pacific Ventures acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of Sn&#246;bar Holdings' Class A and Class B common stock in exchange for 22
500
000 restricted shares of Pacific Ventures' common stock while simultaneously issuing 2
500
000 shares of Pacific Ventures' restricted and 




























000
000 shares
 of which 100
000
000 shares are common stock
 par value $0.001 per share
 and 10
000
000 shares are preferred stock
 par value $0.001 per share.&#160;&#160;As of December 31
 2015 after giving effect to the initial closing of our acquisition of Sn&#246;bar Holdings
 Inc.

799
031 







 holders of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share on all matters submitted to a stockholder vote. Holders of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights. Subject to certain limitations discussed below
 holders of common stock are entitled to share in all dividends that the board of directors
 in its discretion
 declares from legally available funds. In the event of our liquidation
 dissolution or winding up
 subject to the preferences of any shares of preferred stock which may then be authorized and outstanding
 each outstanding share entitles its holder to participate in all assets that remain after payment of liabilities and after providing for each class of stock
 if any





 preemptive or other subscription rights
 and there are no redemption provisions for the common stock. The rights of the holders of common stock are subject to any rights that may be fixed for holders of preferred stock
 when and if any preferred stock is authorized and issued. All outstanding shares of common stock are duly authorized
 validly issued







000
000 shares of blank check preferred stock
 par value $0.001 per share
 in one or more series
 subject to any limitations prescribed by law
 without further vote or action by the stockholders. Each such series of preferred stock shall have such number of shares
 designations
 preferences
 voting powers
 qualifications
 and special or relative rights or privileges as shall be determined by the Company's board of directors
 which may include
 among others
 dividend rights
 voting rights
 liquidation preferences







000
000 shares. Under the rights
 preferences and privileges of the Series E Preferred Stock
 the holders of the preferred stock receive a 10 to 1 voting preference over common stock. Accordingly
 for every share of Series E Preferred Stock held
 the holder received the voting rights equal to 10 shares of common stock. The Series E preferred Stock is not convertible into any other class of stock of the Company and has no preference to dividends or liquidation rights. As of December 31
 2015
 there were 1
000
000 Series E Preferred shares outstanding. Concurrently with the initial closing of the transactions contemplated by the Share Exchange Agreement
 Brett Bartolami sold all of his 1
000
000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock
 par value $0.001 per share







 2469 East Fort Union Blvd
 Suite 214
 Salt Lake City
 Utah 84121



















































 such as statements of our plans
 objectives
 expectations and intentions. Any statements that are not statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. When used
 the words believe, plan, intend, anticipate, target, estimate, expect and the like
 and/or future tense or conditional constructions (will, may, could, should, etc.)
 or similar expressions
 identify certain of these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties
 including those under Risk Factors in this Form 8-K




 from marketing and underwriting specialized property and casualty coverage in the general aviation insurance marketplace to producing and distributing alcohol infused ice pops and ice creams
 a discussion of the past
 pre-Share Exchange financial results of Pacific Ventures
 is not pertinent
 and under applicable accounting principles the historical financial results of Sn&#246;bar Holdings
 the accounting acquirer




 and provides information that management believes is relevant for an assessment and understanding of the statements of financial condition and results of operations presented herein. The following discussion and analysis are based on Sn&#246;bar Holdings' audited and unaudited financial statements contained in this Current Report







 2015 and 2014 include a summary of our significant accounting policies and should be read in conjunction with the discussion below. In the opinion of management










 was incorporated in the state of Delaware on January 7

 we have currently available two years of financial results. These results have been presented in the audited financial statements with fiscal years ended December 31





















 and ice cream markets have consistently exhibited year-over-year growth







 the Sn&#246;Bar brand was introduced in the USA in the state of Arizona. The brand was well received and was immediately placed in the top chain stores and restaurants







 the Sn&#246;Bar brand was launched in Nevada. Immediately
 the Sn&#246;Bar products were in demand in all the major casinos and resorts.&#160;&#160; The Sn&#246;Bar brand joined forces with reputable hotels and resorts
 including
 but not limited to
 the Bellagio
 Golden Nugget
 Rio
 Wynn
 Encore
 TAO
 Caesars Palace
 Hilton
 The M and MGM. In Nevada
 IPIC's focus is to place the Sn&#246;Bar brand within all the venues of the hotels including catering and banquets
 room service




 the Sn&#246;Bar brand was launched in the state of Florida
 in cities including Miami
 Tampa
 Orlando
 Jacksonville and the panhandle. This expansion resulted in Sn&#246;Bar products being offered by reputable hotels and resorts
 including
 but not limited to
 Ritz Carlton Hotel
 Fountainbleau
 Hilton







 the Sn&#246;Bar brand was launched in California. Over 100 accounts with retailers for Sn&#246;Bar products were established in the 90 day period following the launch in California




 the largest retailer in the world
 approved the Sn&#246;Bar brand to be test marketed in few stores in the Florida market. The first store sold out of more than 10 cases of Sn&#246;Bar products within the first two weeks prompting an 85 case reorder. After a three month trial period











 IPIC restructured its approach to distribution of Sn&#246;Bar products and scaled back the operating expenditures by reducing its expenses. Most notably




000 worth of Sn&#246;Bar products for distribution in Grand Cayman Island
 Slovenia
 Croatia
 Serbia and Cuba
 if and when trade is permissible with Cuba. Another contract provides for an exclusive right to distribute for a minimum term of two years with an aggregate of $700
000 worth of Sn&#246;Bar products for distribution in Puerto Rico
 Costa Rica
 Dominican Republic and Panama.&#160; The last contract provides for an exclusive right to distribute for a minimum term of two years with an aggregate of $700
000 worth of Sn&#246;Bar products for the first year and $300
000 worth of Sn&#246;Bar products for each year thereafter for distribution in mainland China
 Hong Kong






















 including Australia








 where a large retail chain named Spec's has approved of offering Sn&#246;Bar products for sale







 resorts
 cruise lines and hotels worldwide.&#160; Additionally
 various celebrity branding and product endorsements are currently being explored.&#160; Initially
 the focus will be on establishing major accounts in four core markets consisting of Southern California
 Phoenix
 Las Vegas and Miami. The larger vision is to sell products in grocery stores such as Kroger
 Wal-Mart and others
 and thereafter to begin a national marketing program to all U.S. retailers. It is essentially a top down marketing plan where products are placed with the largest retailer then trickle down to the smallest seller in each market area. Furthermore
 by being quoted as Pacific Ventures Group







 we have incurred operating losses
 and as at December 31
 2015 and 2014
 we have accumulated deficit of $4
891
353 and $5
420
431 respectively. For the year ended December 31
 2015
 we have a working capital deficiency of approximately $2 million. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Additionally
 our independent registered public accounting firm included an explanatory paragraph in their report for the years ended December 31




 and if we cannot continue as a going concern
























000 to sustain our operations for the next twelve (12) months. Our plan is to increase sales revenue from the sale of the Sn&#246;Bar products to meet our operating needs. However
 it is very likely that we will not be able to increase our sale revenue sufficiently to meet these needs in time. It is also unlikely that we will be able to satisfy all of our obligations to pay interest and repay principal in the estimated aggregate amount of $852
000 due and payable within the next twelve (12) months under the various forms of our outstanding debt.&#160; Although we have been able to extend the maturity dates as well as repayment terms of a substantial amount of such debt
 there is no assurance that we will be able to further extend such repayments or maturity dates to avoid a default
 as such further extension depends on the consent of the holders of such debt.&#160; If we are unable to make such payments and repayments and unable to extend and delay required payments or maturities of such debt
 the holders of such debt will have the right to take legal action seeking enforcement of the debt. If any legal action is taken against us
 we would face the risk of having to deplete our limited cash resources to defend against such suit or face the entry of a default judgment. In either event
 such action would have grave impact on our operations.&#160; Our ability to continue operations will be dependent upon the successful completion of additional long-term or permanent equity financing
 the support of creditors and shareholders
 and
 ultimately
 the achievement of profitable operations. There can be no assurances that we will be successful
 which would in turn significantly affect our ability to be successful in our new business plan. If not







 management's estimates are based on historical experience
 on information from third party professionals




 which are described in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements
 the following accounting policies involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity. Accordingly






International Production Impex Corporation (IPIC)
 which is owned by the Snobar Trust (Trust)
&#160; Sales revenues are generally recognized when an agreement exists and price is determinable
 the products are shipped to the customers or services are rendered
 net of discounts










 2015 and 2014
 were $0 and $12
721 respectively. As of December 31
 2015
 85% of the Company's sales were from two distributors. Customer accounts typically are collected within a short period of time
 and based on its assessment of current conditions and its experience collecting such receivables


























IPIC
 which is owned by the Trust
 of which 













 general and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries for our executives as well as our finance
 legal
 human resources
 and other administrative employees. In addition
 general and administrative expenses include outside consulting
 legal and accounting services






 Trust
 a California trust (Trust)
Sn&#246;bar Holdings is the trustor and sole beneficiary of the Trust
 which was formed in June 1
 2013. The Trust owns 100% of the shares of IPIC
 which was formed on August 2
 2001. IPIC is the owner of the licenses and trade names Sn&#246;Bar and is in the business of selling and distributing alcohol-infused ice creams and ice-pops through its distributors domestically and internationally.





The current trustee that holds legal title to the Trust is Clark Rutledge
 who is the father of Shannon Masjedi
 and who is the&#160;Secretary
 director and majority shareholder of 


 In general
 a VIE is a corporation
 partnership
 limited-liability corporation
 trust
 or any other legal structure used to conduct activities or hold assets that either (1) has an insufficient amount of equity to carry out its principal activities without additional subordinated financial support
 (2) has a group of equity owners that is unable to make significant decisions about its activities
 (3) has a group of equity owners that does not have the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive returns generated by its operations or (4) the voting rights of some investors are not proportional to their obligations to absorb the expected losses of the entity
 their rights to receive the expected residual returns of the entity
 or both and substantially all of the entity's activities (for example






















 contractual or other financial interest in the VIE (a variable interest holder) that has both of the following characteristics: a) the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the VIE's economic performance and b) the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE




 the primary beneficiary shall initially measure the assets
 liabilities
































































































































































































































































067





















047













































































047












































047


























213
 increasing by about $127
211 compared to 2014 amount of 128
002 due to increased sales. Cost of goods sold for 2015 were&#160; $113
118
 increasing by about $5
453 compared to 2014 amount of $107
655 due to a increase in sale
 a decrease in the cost of raw materials and a decrease in the production of inventory in 2015. As a result
 gross profits for 2015 were $142
096
 increasing by about $121
759 compared 2014 amount of $20
337.






896
 decreasing by about $ 874
576compared to 2013 amount of $1
067
472
 primarily due to a decrease in general and administrative expenses
 marketing and advertising
 professional fees
 research and development
 wages and salaries
 end of accrual of executive compensation in 2015







172

 decreasing by about $315
701 compared to the same period in 2014 in the amount of $487
938
 which was a decrease primarily due to a decrease in stock compensation
 travel expenses
 rent
 taxes and insurance and the implementation of cost cutting measures as to other overhead expenses.






362



 which decrease was primarily due to a decrease in expenditures allocated to marketing and advertising in 2015.






020



 which was primarily due to a decrease in legal and accounting fees in 2015.






 decreasing
 which was primarily due to the absence of research and development conducted by IPIC and prior year adjusting entry in 2015.






373

093 compared to 2014 amount of $166
373
 which decrease was primarily due to assets becoming no longer subject to depreciation and the disposal of depreciable property.






666

495 compared to 2014 amount of $413
161
 which was due to cost cutting measures implemented in 2014 that froze compensation accrual for senior management.&#160; This action was primarily responsible for the reduction compensation of staff in 2015.





 for the year ended December 31


 decreasing by about $75
806 compared to the same period in 2014 amount of $(89
558)
 due to an increase in non-recurring gain such as settlement of debt.





for 2015 was ($1
201
245)
$64
($1
136





































































































































































































































































































































































































































































118

































































































427









449

































 $.001 par value
 10
000
000 shares authorized



































 $.001 par value
 30
000














 25
799
031 and 25
799
031 issued and outstanding

































 $.001 par value
 10
000














 1
000
000 issued and outstanding

























455







130












870









420














388









270
























































 2015
 we had cash on hand of $210 and a working capital deficit of approximately $2 million. We have incurred operating losses
 and as at December 31
 2015 and 2014
 we have accumulated deficit of $4
891
353 and $5
420
431 respectively.&#160; These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Additionally
 our independent registered public accounting firm included an explanatory paragraph in their report for the years ended December 31







 we need to further expand our business and financing activities. Expanding market awareness of the Sn&#246;Bar products and our international distribution networks
 together with further improvement of the Sn&#246;Bar products will require future capital and liquidity expansion. Since our inception in January 2013




 we may be unable to raise sufficient additional capital when we need it or to raise capital on favorable terms. If we are unable to obtain adequate funds on reasonable terms














 2015 was $(682

053 compared to the same period in 2014 amount of $629
798














552 and our accumulated deficit was $4
870
645 from the date of inception through December 31
 2015 was primarily attributed to general and administrative expenses of $1
182
200
 salaries and wages of $1
143
005
 IPIC business rights expense of $500
000
 depreciation expense of $421
839
 marketing and advertising of $317
891
 interest expense of $140
512
 professional fees of $66
277
 and research and development of $43
951 exceeding our product gross profit of $77





289 for the year ended December 31
 2015 resulted from the purchase of property




146 for the year ended December 31




 2015
 we had total current liabilities of $1
427
661.42 primarily related to our accounts payable of $206
383
 deferred revenue of $90
042 and accrued expenses of $105









 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity









 revenues and expenses
 and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.&#160;&#160;The SEC has defined a company's critical accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the portrayal of the company's financial condition and results of operations
 and which require the company to make its most difficult and subjective judgments
 often as a result of the need to make estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain.&#160;&#160;Based on this definition
 we have identified the critical accounting policies and judgments addressed below.&#160;&#160;We also have other key accounting policies
 which involve the use of estimates
 judgments and assumptions that are significant to understanding our results
 which are described in Note 2 to our&#160;consolidated financial statements.&#160;&#160;Although we believe that our estimates
 assumptions and judgments are reasonable
 they are based upon information presently available.&#160;&#160;Actual results may differ significantly from these estimates under different assumptions
























































































 including our principal executive officer
 we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures
 as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the Exchange Act)
 as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. Based on this evaluation
 our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms
 and is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer







 or are reasonably likely to materially affect

































































































































































. Mr. Smith
 as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Pacific Ventures
 in accordance with its Bylaws
 will be responsible for
 among other things
 the general supervision of the affairs of Pacific Ventures
 have general control of all of its business
 be responsible for implementing the its long term plans
 and preside when present at all meetings of the stockholders and the Board of Directors. From April 1
 2013 to present
 Mr. Smith has worked as Executive Vice President of development and new acquisitions of Glazers
 one of the leading U.S. spirits and wine distributors
 with annual revenue of more than $3 billion.&#160; From December 1
 1999 to April 1
 2013
 Mr. Smith worked as President and CEO of Alliance Beverage Distributing Company
 the Arizona based joint distribution venture between Glazers and Charmer-Sunbelt Group. The major suppliers in Alliance Beverage Distributing Company are DIAGEO
 Moet-Hennessy
 Brown-Forman
 Bacardi
 Gallo
 Boston Beer
 Guinness and Foster Estates.&#160; Alliance Beverage Distributing Company is a full service
 statewide distributor of alcoholic beverages. With the primary focus being the distribution
 sales
 and marketing of alcoholic beverages to licensed retailers
 Alliance Beverage has become the leading distributor of alcoholic beverages in the state of Arizona. Mr. Smith graduated from Richard Stockton State College with a bachelor of science degree in marketing.&#160; Mr. Smith also served in the United States Marine Corps from 1965 to 1970 and is a Vietnam veteran. Mr. Smith does not hold
 and has not previously held
 any directorships in any other reporting companies
 other serving as a director 




. Mrs. Masjedi
 as Chief Operating Officer
 Secretary and Director of Pacific Ventures
 in accordance with its Bylaws
 will be responsible for
 among other things
 subject to the supervision and direction of the Chairman of the Board/Chief Executive Officer and the Board of Directors of Pacific Ventures
 the general management and control of its specified day-to-day business operations
 and implementing its short and long term plans
 and
 as Secretary of Pacific Ventures
 will be responsible for
 among other things
 attending all meeting of the stockholders
 the Board
 and
 as required


























 chief executive officer
 president
 vice president
 treasurer
 chief financial officer
 secretary of Sn&#246;bar Holdings since January 2013. From June 1
 2010 to present
 Mrs. Masjedi worked as a director of operations for International Production Impex Corporation (IPIC)
 where she implemented all current operating platforms including development of Sn&#246;Bar product line




 She also attended flight school and obtained her pilots license.&#160; Mrs. Masjedi has had extensive experience with creating the distribution platform for the Sn&#246;Bar product line in the alcohol industry.&#160; Her knowledge in the frozen ice cream category and alcohol category combined make her indispensible to Pacific Ventures. Mrs. Masjedi has long standing relationships within these industries which allow Snobar products to be distributed efficiently.&#160; Mrs. Masjedi does not hold
 and has not previously held
 any directorships in any other reporting companies. In 2010
 Mrs. Masjedi filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy





. Mr. Shenkman
 as Executive Vice President of Pacific Ventures
 in accordance with its Bylaws
 will act in the absence of the President performing the duties of the President and will perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe.&#160; Mr. Shenkman has served as a director of Sn&#246;bar Holdings since January 2013. From year 2000 to present
 Mr. Shenkman worked as the President of Priority Financial Network.&#160; Priority Financial Network is a mortgage brokerage company that closed over $2 billion in FHA
 and A through D residential and commercial loans over the past several years.&#160; While working at Priority Financial Network
 Mr. Shenkman has been producing personal loans in the range of $60 million to $100 million per year and managing over 89 employees and loan officers. Mr. Shenkman graduated from the University of Vermont with a Bachelor of Arts in Economics and a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science. Mr. Shenkman brings knowledge and experience in the banking and financial industries.&#160; His experience in the financial markets will help Pacific Ventures Group navigate in the public marketplace. Mr. Shenkman does not hold
 and has not previously held
 any directorships in any other reporting companies. Mr. Shenkman was a member of Raynol LLC which filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in May 2010







 rule or regulation requiring that all or any portion of our Board of Directors include independent directors






 including an Audit Committee
 a Compensation Committee or a Nominating Committee
 any committee performing a similar function. The functions of those committees are being undertaken by Board of Directors as a whole.&#160;&#160;Because we have only three directors
 none of whom are independent




 including the minimum qualifications for director candidates
 nor has our Board of Directors established a process for identifying and evaluating director nominees. We have not adopted a policy regarding the handling of any potential recommendation of director candidates by our stockholders
 including the procedures to be followed.&#160;&#160;Our Board has not considered or adopted any of these policies as we have never received a recommendation from any stockholder for any candidate to serve on our Board of Directors.&#160;&#160;Given our relative size and lack of directors and officers insurance coverage
 we do not anticipate that any of our stockholders will make such a recommendation in the near future. While there have been no nominations of additional directors proposed
 in the event such a proposal is made
 all members of our Board will participate in the consideration of director nominees.&#160;&#160;In considering a director nominee


































understands generally U.S. GAAP and financial statements








is able to assess the general application of such principles in connection with accounting for estimates
 accruals and reserves








has experience preparing
 auditing
 analyzing or evaluating financial statements comparable to the breadth and complexity to our financial statements








understands internal controls over financial reporting
 and




















 pending
 or completed action
 suit
 or proceeding
 whether civil
 criminal
 administrative
 or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that he is or was a director
 officer
 employee
 or agent of the corporation
 or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director
 officer
 employee
 or agent of another corporation
 partnership
 joint venture
 trust
 or other enterprise
 against expenses (including attorneys' fees)
 judgments
 fines
 and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action
 suit
 or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation
 and
 with respect to any criminal action or proceeding
 had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action
 suit
 or proceeding by judgment
 order
 settlement
 conviction
 or on a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent
 shall not
 of itself
 create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation
 and with respect to any criminal action or proceeding




 pending
 or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was a director
 officer
 employee
 or agent of the corporation
 or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director
 officer
 employee
 or agent of another corporation
 partnership
 joint venture
 trust
 or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim
 issue
 or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable for negligence or misconduct in the performance of his duty to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine on application that
 despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all circumstances of the case




 officer
 employee
 or agent of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action
 suit
 or proceeding referred to in (1) or (2) of this subsection
 or in defense of any claim
 issue or matter therein




 agreement
 vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise
 both as to action in his official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office
 and shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director
 officer
 employee
 or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs
 executors

























 all directors
 officers
 employees




 the Registrant is aware that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission
 such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is
 therefore







 located on 100 F Street NE
 Washington
 D.C. 20549
 Current Reports on Form 8-K
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
 Annual Reports on Form 10-K
 and other reports
 statements and information as required under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934




 statements and other information that we have filed with the SEC may be read and copied at the Commission's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street NE
 Washington



 reports


























 2015 and 2014; (ii) our two most highly compensated executive officers other than our principal executive officer who were serving as executive officers at December 31
 2015 and 2014 whose compensation exceed $100
000; and (iii) up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been required but for the fact that the individual was not serving as an executive officer at December 31
 2015 and 2014. Compensation information is shown for the fiscal years ended December 31




































































































































































































' principal executive officer or other individual serving in a similar capacity during the fiscal years ended December 31
' two most highly compensated executive officers other than its principal executive officer who were serving as executive officers at December 31
 2015 and 2014whose compensation exceed $100
000; and (iii) up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been required but for the fact that the individual was not serving as an executive officer at December 31
 2015 and 2014. Compensation information is shown for the fiscal years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014:


































































































































































































































































































































































































 2015
 2015

799

000
000 shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding.&#160;&#160;The following tables set forth information known to us as of December 31
 2015





























































 the business address of each person listed is in care of Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.
 117 West 9th Street
 Suite 316
 Los Angeles
 California 90015. &#160;The percentages in the table have been calculated on the basis of treating as outstanding for a particular person
 all shares of our common stock outstanding on that date and all shares of our common stock issuable to that holder in the event of exercise of outstanding options
 warrants
 rights or conversion privileges owned by that person at that date which are exercisable within 60 days of that date. Except as otherwise indicated
 the persons listed below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our common stock owned by them









































































864








































614












































864























 and subject to applicable community property laws

799

 2015


































864
639 shares of our Common Stock owned by ACD Trust (Trust). The trustee of the Trust is Shannon Masjedi who holds voting and investment power over the shares of our Common Stock owned by the Trust. In addition
 Mrs. Masjedi owns 1
000
000 shares of Series E Preferred stock with such shares having a 10-to-1 voting preference where every one share of preferred stock is equivalent in votes to ten shares of Common Stock. As such
 Mrs. Masjedi would have 73% of the voting control of the issued and outstanding stock when the 10
000

799

 for an aggregate total of 35
799






























































































000







































000






































































 and subject to applicable community property laws

000

 2015

























000































 Inc. (MGD)
 which is now a majority owned subsidiary of 

 who is now an officer and shareholder of Pacific Ventures.&#160; The note had a principal balance of $150
000 with an interest rate of 3% and is due on demand.&#160; The balance of the note at June 30
 2015 and December 31
 2014 was $142
621.&#160; As of June 30
 2015 and December 31
 2014
 the Company accrued $17
621 of interest




 MGD entered into an unsecured promissory note with a person
 who is now a shareholder of Pacific Ventures.&#160; The note had a principal balance of $30
000 with an interest rate of 8% and a maturity date of August 1
 2014.&#160; The note's maturity date has subsequently been extended to February 1
 2017.&#160; The note's balance is $25
000 as of June 30
 2015 and December 31
 2014




 including liquor licenses
 for $500
000.&#160; The note bears no interest and payments are due in five installments of $100
000 due each year beginning on December 31
 2013 and going through December 31
 2017.&#160; The entire purchase price of $500
000 was expensed in 2013 and the balance on the note was $219
172 and $299
522 as of June 30
 2015 and December 31
 2014






















 2013
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings entered into an unsecured promissory note with a person
 who is now a shareholder of Pacific Ventures.&#160; The note had a principal balance of $10
000 with an interest rate of 5% and had a maturity date of March 14


000 and $6
000 as of June 30
 2015 and December 31
 2014




 2013
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings entered into an unsecured promissory note with a person
 who is now a shareholder of Pacific Ventures. The note had a principal balance of $87
121 with an interest rate of 5% and had a maturity date of March 14
 2014.&#160; The note's maturity date has subsequently been extended to February 1




 2013
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings entered into an unsecured promissory note with a person
 who is now a shareholder of Pacific Ventures. The note's maturity date has subsequently been extended to February 1
 2017.&#160; The note had a principal balance of $15




 2014
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings entered into an unsecured promissory note with a person
 who is now a shareholder of Pacific Ventures. The note had a principal balance of $20
000 with an interest rate of 8% and a maturity date of 30 days from execution of the note.&#160; &#160; The maturity date has subsequently been extended to February 1




 2014
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings entered into unsecured promissory notes with an entity owned by a person
 who is now a shareholder of Pacific Ventures.&#160; The notes had a total principal balance of $16




 2015
 a person
 who is now an officer Pacific Ventures
 advanced $48










 we plan to fully disclose any and all related party transactions
 including
 but not limited to








































































































































































































 Inc.

























































































































 dated September 25
 2015
 among Pacific Ventures Group

















 dated September 25
 2015
 by and among Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.

































































































































 declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on November 12






















 the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned

































































































































































































































































































































































































 2015 and&#160;&#160;December 31



































 2015 and December 31



































 2015 and&#160;&#160;December 31















































































(the Company) as of December 31
 2015 and the related statements of operations
 changes in stockholders' deficit
 and cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2015. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. The financial statements of the Company for the year ended December 31
 2014 were audited by other auditors
 whose report
 dated April 15
 2015
 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. Our opinion
 in so far as it relates to the year end December 31
 2014



 implementation
 and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement




 including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments
 the auditor considers internal control relevant to the entity's preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity's internal control. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by management





 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
as of December 31
 2015 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31


 which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has an accumulated deficit of $4
870
645 and a negative cash flow from operations amounting to $64
552 for the year ended December 31














 PCAOB : Newhall 






































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































118














































































































427









449

































 $.001 par value
 10
000
000 shares authorized



































 $.001 par value
 30
000














 25
799
031 and 25
799
031 issued and outstanding

































 $.001 par value
 10
000














 1
000
000 issued and outstanding

























455







130












870









420



























388









270

































































































































































































































































































































067


































047







































































































047






































































047







































































































799







322












000







000
































































































































































































































 December 31


























































682











682































































154





















































































000























































































































832














000










































043





















































































































601









601


















































 December 31




















211
















000


















970









283











293





















































































































































































136









136


















































 December 31




















322
















000
























420











270

































































476































































































































































































































 December 31




















799
















000


















455









891











408








































































































































































136































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Inc. (the Company or Pacific Ventures) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on October 3
 1986
 under the name AOA Corporation. On November 12
 1991
 the Company changed its name to American Eagle Group
 Inc. On October&#160;22
 2012
 the Company changed its name to Pacific Ventures Group





 2015
 Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc. and its stockholders entered into a share exchange agreement with Sn&#246;bar Holdings
 Inc. (Sn&#246;bar Holdings)
 pursuant to which Pacific Ventures acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of Sn&#246;bar Holdings' Class A and Class B common stock in exchange for 22
500
000 restricted shares of Pacific Ventures' common stock while simultaneously issuing 2
500







 Inc. (Sn&#246;bar Holdings) was formed in the State of Delaware on January 7
Trust
 a California trust (Trust)
 which was formed in June 1
 2013. The current trustee that holds legal title to the Trust is Clark Rutledge
 who is the father of Shannon Masjedi
The Trust owns 100% of the shares of International Production Impex Corporation
 a California corporation (IPIC)
 which was formed on August 2



 permitting IPIC to sell its product to distributors
 with all income
 expense
 gains and losses rolling up to the Trust

 Inc.
marketing services.&#160; As a result of the foregoing
is the primary beneficiary of all assets
 liabilities and any income received from the business of the Trust and IPIC through the Trust and is the parent company of MGD.



 Sn&#246;bar Holdings performs ongoing reassessments of whether it is the primary beneficiary of a VIE. As the assessment of Sn&#246;bar Holdings' management is that Sn&#246;bar Holdings has the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the VIE's activities (it is responsible for establishing and operating IPIC)
 and the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE and the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE's economic performance
 it was therefore concluded by management that Sn&#246;bar Holdings is the primary beneficiary of the Trust and IPIC. As such
 the Trust and IPIC were consolidated in the financial statements of Sn&#246;bar Holdings since the inception of the Trust
 in the case of the Trust
 and since the inception of Sn&#246;bar Holdings






 Inc.
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings and its subsidiaries
 in which Sn&#246;bar Holdings has a controlling voting interest and entities consolidated under the variable interest entities (VIE) provisions of ASC 810






 liabilities






























 a VIE is a corporation
 partnership
 limited-liability corporation
 trust
 or any other legal structure used to conduct activities or hold assets that either (1) has an insufficient amount of equity to carry out its principal activities without additional subordinated financial support
 (2)&#160;has a group of equity owners that is unable to make significant decisions about its activities
 (3)&#160;has a group of equity owners that does not have the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive returns generated by its operations or (4) the voting rights of some investors are not proportional to their obligations to absorb the expected losses of the entity
 their rights to receive the expected residual returns of the entity
 or both and substantially all of the entity's activities (for example




 contractual or other financial interest in the VIE (a variable interest holder) that has both of the following characteristics: a) the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the VIE's economic performance and b) the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE



of a variable interest entity (VIE) and the VIE are under common control
 the primary beneficiary shall initially measure the assets
 liabilities
 and non-controlling interests of the VIE at amounts at which they are carried in the accounts of the reporting entity that controls the VIE (or would be carried if the rep








&#160;- The consolidated financial statements include Pacific Ventures
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings
 Inc. a Delaware corporation (Sn&#246;bar Holdings)
 MAS Global Distributors
 Inc.
 a California corporation (MGD)
 International Production Impex Corporation
 a California corporation (IPIC)
 and Snobar Trust
 a California trust (Trust)
 which was established to hold IPIC





&#160;- The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities



&#160;- Sales revenues are generally recognized in accordance with the SAB 104 Public Company Guidance
 when an agreement exists and price is determinable
 the products are shipped to the customers or services are rendered
 net of discounts
 returns and allowance and collectability is reasonably assured. We are often entitled to bill our customers and receive payment from our customers in advance of recognizing the revenue. In the instances in which we have received payment from our customers in advance of recognizing revenue



- Certain amounts are received pursuant to agreements or contracts and may only be used in the conduct of specified transactions or the related services are yet to be performed. These amounts are recorded as unearned or deferred revenue and are recognized as revenue in the year/period the related expenses are incurred or services are performed. As at 12/31/2015
 the Company has $90


































- The Company recorded a gain on debt settlement of $ 66
867 for the year ended December 31



- The Company is involved in a variety of disputes
 claims
 and proceedings concerning its business operations and certain liabilities. We determine whether an estimated loss from a contingency should be accrued by assessing whether a loss is deemed probable and can be reasonably estimated. We assess our potential liability by analyzing our litigation and regulatory matters using available information. We develop our views on estimated losses in consultation with outside counsel handling our defense in these matters
 which involves an analysis of potential results
 assuming a combination of litigation and settlement strategies. Should developments in any of these matters cause a change in our determination as to an unfavorable outcome and result in the need to recognize a material accrual
 or should any of these matters result in a final adverse judgment or be settled for significant amounts
 they could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
 cash flows and financial position in the period or periods in which such change in determination
 judgment or settlement occurs.&#160; As at 12/31/2015
 the Company has $39



&#8211; Non-recurring items come from discontinued operations
 extraordinary items
 unusual or infrequent items
 or changes in accounting principles. Because these items are infrequent and did not constitute operating items they are not included in the Company's result of operation.&#160; During the year ended 12/31/2015
 the Company recorded a gain of $ 66







&#160;- Accounts receivable are stated at net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts. The allowance is calculated based upon the level of past due accounts and the relationship with and financial status of our customers. The Company did not write off any bad debt during the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014



&#160;- Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market value. Cost has been determined using the first-in
 first-out method. Inventory quantities on-hand are regularly reviewed
 and where necessary
 reserves for excess and unusable inventories are recorded. Inventory consists of finished goods and includes ice cream



&#160;- Deferred taxes are provided on an asset and liability method whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and operating loss carry forwards and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the difference between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax basis. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management




&#160;- Income/(loss) per share of common stock is calculated by dividing the net income/(loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. The Company has no potentially dilutive securities. Accordingly






























&#160;- Property and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and includes expenditures that substantially increase the useful lives of existing property and equipment. Maintenance
 repairs
 and minor renovations are expensed as incurred. Upon sale or retirement of property and equipment
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are eliminated from the respective accounts and the resulting gain or loss is included in the results of operations. The Company provides for depreciation of property and equipment using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives or the term of the lease
 as appropriate. The estimated useful lives are as follows: vehicles
 five years; office furniture and equipment
 three to fifteen years; equipment



&#160;- The carrying amounts of Pacific Ventures' financial instruments
 which include cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable




&#160;- Financial instruments that potentially subject Pacific Ventures to concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash and accounts receivable. The Company maintains cash balances at financial institutions within the United States which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to limits of approximately $250




 2015 and 2014
 approximately 51% and 20% of total sales were to two distributors




 2015




Advertising costs incurred amounted to $22
060 and $79
701 for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.

&#160;- The Company considers revenue recognition and the valuation of accounts receivable
 allowance for doubtful accounts




In June 2009
 the FASB established the Accounting Standards Codification (Codification or ASC) as the source of authoritative accounting principles recognized by the FASB to be applied by nongovernmental entities in the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP).&#160; Rules and interpretive releases of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) issued under authority of federal securities laws are also sources of GAAP for SEC registrants.&#160; Existing GAAP was not intended to be changed as a result of the Codification





 FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2015-03
 Interest &#8211; Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs
&#160; to simplify presentation of debt issuance costs by requiring that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability
 consistent with debt discounts. The ASU does not affect the recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs. For public companies
 the ASU is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted. We are currently reviewing the provisions of this ASU to determine if there will be any impact on our results of operations






























 FASB issued ASU No. 2015-04
 Compensation &#8211; Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Practical Expedient for the Measurement Date of an Employer's Defined Benefit Obligation and Plan Assets
&#160;which permits the entity to measure defined benefit plan assets and obligations using the month-end that is closest to the entity's fiscal year-end and apply that practical expedient consistently from year to year. The ASU is effective for public business entities for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted. We are currently reviewing the provisions of this ASU to determine if there will be any impact on our results of operations



 FASB issued ASU No. 2015-05
 Intangibles &#8211; Goodwill and Other &#8211; Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer's Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement
 which provides guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If such includes a software license
 then the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If the arrangement does not include a software license
 the customer should account for it as a service contract. For public business entities
 the ASU is effective for annual periods
 including interim periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December 15
 2015. Early application is permitted. We are currently reviewing the provisions of this ASU to determine if there will be any impact on our results of operations




 FASB issued ASU No. 2015-06
 Earnings Per Share (Topic 260): Effects on Historical Earnings per Unit of Master Limited Partnership Dropdown Transactions
 which specifies that
 for purposes of calculating historical earnings per unit under the two-class method
 the earnings (losses) of a transferred business before the date of a drop down transaction should be allocated entirely to the general partner. In that circumstance
 the previously reported earnings per unit of the limited partners (which is typically the earnings per unit measure presented in the financial statements) would not change as a result of the dropdown transaction. Qualitative disclosures about how the rights to the earnings (losses) differ before and after the dropdown transaction occurs for purposes of computing earnings per unit under the two-class method also are required. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Earlier application is permitted. We are currently reviewing the provisions of this ASU to determine if there will be any impact on our results of operations



 FASB issued ASU No. 2014-10
 Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements, Including an Amendment to Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810, Consolidation. The update removes all incremental financial reporting requirements from GAAP for development stage entities
 including the removal of Topic 915 from the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. In addition
 the update adds an example disclosure in Risks and Uncertainties (Topic 275) to illustrate one way that an entity that has not begun planned principal operations could provide information about the risks and uncertainties related to the company's current activities. Furthermore
 the update removes an exception provided to development stage entities in Consolidations (Topic 810) for determining whether an entity is a variable interest entity-which may change the consolidation analysis
 consolidation decision
 and disclosure requirements for a company that has an interest in a company in the development stage. The update is effective for the annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
 including interim periods therein. Early application is permitted&#160; with the first annual reporting period or interim period for which the entity's financial statements have not yet been issued (Public business entities) or made available for issuance (other entities). Our company adopted this pronouncement for year ended December 31
































 FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12
 Compensation &#8211; Stock Compensation (Topic 718); Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period. The amendments in this ASU apply to all reporting entities that grant their employees share-based payments in which the terms of the award provide that a performance target that affects vesting could be achieved after the requisite service period. The amendments require that a performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. A reporting entity should apply existing guidance in Topic 718 as it relates to awards with performance conditions that affect vesting to account for such awards. For all entities
 the amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015. Earlier adoption is permitted. Entities may apply the amendments in this ASU either (a) prospectively to all awards granted or modified after the effective date or (b) retrospectively to all awards with performance targets that are outstanding as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements and to all new or modified awards thereafter. If retrospective transition is adopted
 the cumulative effect of applying this Update as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements should be recognized as an adjustment to the opening retained earnings balance at that date. Additionally
 if retrospective transition is adopted
 an entity may use hindsight in measuring and recognizing the compensation cost. This updated guidance is not expected to have a material impact on our results of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.&#160; We are currently reviewing the provisions of this ASU to determine if there will be any impact on our results of operations






 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15 on Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) &#8211; Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern. Currently
 there is no guidance in U.S. GAAP about management's responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern or to provide related footnote disclosures. The amendments in this Update provide that guidance. In doing so
 the amendments are intended to reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments require management to assess an entity's ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards. Specifically
 the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term substantial doubt
 (2) require an evaluation every reporting period including interim periods
 (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating effect of management's plans
 (4) require certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management's plans
 (5) require an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated
 and (6) require an assessment for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). We are currently reviewing the provisions of this ASU to determine if there will be any impact on our results of operations

















 the Company has incurred a net loss of $64
552 for the year ended December 31
 2015
 and has an accumulated deficit of $4
870
645 as of December 31





 the Company will need
 among other things
 additional capital resources. The Company is significantly dependent upon its ability
 and will continue to attempt









































 2015 and 2014


























































 plant and equipment at December 31
 2015 and 2014



































































































































































































































 2015 and 2014 was $3
993.01 and $166






































 2015 and 2014
 the Company had accrued expenses of $189
433 and $891
532
 respectively. During July 2015
 Sn&#246;bar Holding issued 350
000 shares of class A common stock for $225
000 of accrued payroll liabilities. In September of 2015
 Sn&#246;bar Holding's officers with the board of directors' approval
 forgave an additional $600
000 of accrued payroll liabilities.&#160; This amount was considered forgiveness of debt by a related party and the entire $600












 which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements.&#160; Under this method









 MGD entered into an unsecured promissory note with an officer and shareholder.&#160; The note had a principal balance of $150
000 with an interest rate of 3% and has a maturity date of December 31
 2017.&#160; The balance of the note at December 31
 2015 and 2014
 was $28
292 and $125



In February of 2012
 MGD entered into an unsecured promissory note with a shareholder.&#160; The note had an original principal balance of $30
000 with an interest rate of 8% and a maturity date of August&#160;1


000 as of December&#160;31
 2015 and 2014.



 including liquor licenses
 for $500
000.&#160; The note bears no interest and payments are due in five installments of $100
000 due each year beginning on December 31
 2013 and going through December 31
 2017.&#160; The entire purchase price of $500
000 was expensed in 2013.&#160; As of December&#160;31
 2015 and 2014
 the balance on the note $219
522 and $299
522




 2013
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings entered into an unsecured promissory note with a shareholder.&#160; The note had a principal balance of $10
000 with an interest rate of 5% and an original maturity date of March 14
 2014.&#160; The maturity date has been extended to December&#160;31
 2019
 and interest rate has been reduced to 2%.&#160; Lender also agreed to make all interest retroactive and deferred.&#160; The note had an outstanding balance of $6
000 as of December&#160;31




 2013
 MGD entered into an unsecured promissory note with a shareholder.&#160; The note had a principal balance of $86
821 with an original interest rate of 5%
 and an original maturity date of March 14
 2014.&#160; Maturity date has been extended to December 31
 2019
 and interest rate has been reduced to 2%
 and lender agreed to make all interest retroactive and deferred.&#160; The balance of the note was $86
821 as of December&#160;31




 2013
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings entered into an unsecured promissory note with a shareholder.&#160; The note had a principal balance of $15
000 with an original interest rate of 5%.&#160; Maturity date has been extended to December 31
 2018
 and interest rate has been reduced to 2%
 and lender agreed to make all interest retroactive and deferred.&#160;&#160; The balance of the note was $15
000 as of December&#160;31































 2014
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings entered into an unsecured promissory note with a shareholder.&#160; The note had a principal balance of $20
000 with an interest rate of 8% and a maturity date of 30 days from execution of the note.&#160; The maturity date was extended to February&#160;1
 2017.&#160; As of December 31
 2014
 the balance of the notes was $20
000.&#160; The note was converted to 100
000 shares common stock on July 15
 2015
 leaving a balance of $0 as of December 31




 2014
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings entered into unsecured promissory notes with an entity owned by a shareholder.&#160; The notes had a total principal balance of $16
000 with an interest rate of 2% and were due on demand.&#160; Maturity date has been modified to December 31
 2019
 and lender agreed to make all interest retroactive and deferred.&#160; The balance of the notes were $16
000 as of December&#160;31




 2012
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings entered into a secured promissory note with a shareholder.&#160; The note had a principal balance of $10
000 with no interest rate.&#160; The note is due upon demand.&#160; The balance of the note was $10
000 as of December&#160;31




 2015
 an officer has advanced $ 5












 2013
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings entered into an unsecured promissory note.&#160; The note had a principle balance of $100
000 with an interest rate of 6% and maturity date of February 9
 2014.&#160; During 2014
 an additional $60
000 was borrowed for a total balance of $160
000. In 2014
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings issued 111




 MGD entered into a secured promissory note with a principal balance of $10
000. The note was secured by interests in tangible and intangible property of MGD.&#160; The Company is to make payments of $181 each business day (Monday through Friday) until the loan is paid off.&#160; The effective interest rate on the note is 137%.&#160; The note has been paid and the outstanding balance is $1000 as of December 31




 2014
 MGD entered into a secured promissory note with a principal balance of $23
000.&#160; The note was secured by MGD future sales and accounts receivable totaling $31
970.&#160;&#160; The Company was to remit 2% of revenues and accounts receivables daily until the entire balance of $31
970 has been received.&#160; The outstanding balance on the notes was paid off by other financing and has a balance of $0 as of December 31




 2014
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings entered into a secured convertible promissory note with a principal balance of $500
000.&#160; The note was secured by interests in cash
 accounts receivable
 other receivables
 inventory
 supplies
 other assets of Sn&#246;bar Holdings including general intangibles and rights of each liquor license owned by SnoBar Trust.&#160; The note has an interest rate of 10% and an original maturity date of December 31
 2015.&#160; The Company was to make interest only payments beginning July 1
 2014.&#160; The lender determined Sn&#246;bar Holdings to be in default and on January 29
 2015
 entered into a mutually agreed loan modification.&#160; The agreement increased the principal balance of the note as of December 31
 2014 to $527
333 and all interest due and payable was deemed to have been paid and the conversion rights of the note were removed. &#160;The modification also removed and deleted
 in its entirety
 all secured interests in cash
 accounts receivable
 other receivables
 inventory
 supplies
 and other assets of Sn&#246;bar Holdings
 including intangibles































 2015 if Sn&#246;bar Holdings is not in default
 the maturity date of the note should automatically be extended to December 31
 2016 (First Extended Maturity Date). Commencing on January 1
 2016
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings will make monthly payments of $15
000 until the First Extended Maturity Date.&#160; Assuming Sn&#246;bar Holdings is not in default with respect to its obligations as of the First Extended Maturity Date
 the note shall automatically be extended to December 31
 2017 (Second Extended Maturity Date).&#160; Commencing on January 1
 2017
 the monthly payments will be increased to $25
000 for every month until the Second Extended Maturity Date.&#160; All accrued but unpaid interest
 charges and the remaining principal balance of the note is fully due and payable on the Second Extended Maturity Date.&#160; The balance of the note as of December 31
 2015 and 2014 is $527





 2014
 IPIC entered into a secured promissory note with a principal balance of $15
000.&#160; The note was secured by interests in all accounts
 cash
 deposit accounts
 documents
 equipment
 general intangibles and inventory of International Production IMPEX Corp.&#160; The Company was to make daily payments of $163 until the entire balance was paid off for an estimated total payment of $20
550.&#160; The effective interest rate on the note was 192%.&#160; This loan was purchased by the lender mentioned in the paragraph above and the outstanding balance is $0 as of December 31
















 2015
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (Exchange Agreement) with Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (Pacific Ventures)
 and Sn&#246;bar Holdings' shareholders (Sn&#246;bar Shareholders) who hold of record (i) at least 99% and up to 100% of the total issued and outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock and (ii)&#160;100% of the total issued and outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock. In accordance with the terms and provisions of the Exchange Agreement
 Pacific Ventures shall acquire (i) at least 99% and up to 100% of the total issued and outstanding shares of Sn&#246;bar Holdings' Class A Common Stock and (ii) 100% of the total issued and outstanding shares of Sn&#246;bar Holdings' Class B Common Stock from Sn&#246;bar Holdings' Shareholders
 thus making Sn&#246;bar Holdings a majority-owned or wholly-owned subsidiary
 in exchange for the issuance to the Sn&#246;bar Shareholders of at least 22
285
000 and up to 22
500
000 shares of restricted common stock of Pacific Ventures for each share of common stock of Sn&#246;bar while simultaneously issuing 2
500





500




000 shares of restricted common stock&#160;were issued for services for a total of $326




000
000 shares of restricted common stock in exchange for his 1
000




000 shares of restricted common stock were issued to extinguish $21





000
000 shares.&#160; Under the rights
 preferences and privileges of the Series E Preferred Stock
 the holders of the preferred stock receive a 10 to 1 voting preference over common stock.&#160; Accordingly
 for every share of Series E Preferred Stock held
 the holder received the voting rights equal to 10 shares of common stock.&#160; The Series E Preferred Stock is not convertible into any other class of stock of the Company and has no preferences to&#160;dividends or liquidation rights.&#160;&#160; As of December 31
 2015 there are 1
000




 2012&#160;for up to 100
000
000 shares
 par value $0.001 per share.&#160; Common Stock shareholders get one vote per share.&#160; As of December 31
 2015
 there were 25
799





































 plant and equipment and was $0 and $0 at December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.&#160; Accumulated depreciation of the leased equipment at December 31
 2015 and 2014 was $0 and $0








 2015 and 2014







 the circumstances under which we should recognize events or transactions occurring after the balance sheet date in its financial statements and the required disclosures for such events. We have evaluated all subsequent events through the date these consolidated financial statements were issued


































    Document created using EDGARfilings PROfile 3.6.0.0
    Copyright 1995 - 2016 Summit Financial Printing




















 (the Agreement) is made and entered into as of September 25
 2015
 by and among Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (the Company)
 and the undersigned owner (the Undersigned) of the shares of the Company's common stock
 $.001 par value per share (the Common Stock)







 pursuant to that certain Share Exchange Agreement dated August 14
 2015 (Share Exchange Agreement)
 among the Company
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings






474


<font style=FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 to 



to ensure the development of an orderly trading market in the Company's common stock
 the parties are entering into this Agreement to restrict the sale
 assignment
 transfer
 conveyance
 hypothecation or alienation of the Shares contemplated as being issued to the undersigned under the Share Exchange Agreement







 THEREFORE
 in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual covenants
 contained herein
 the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged




 which is the date of the initial closing of the Share Exchange Agreement (the Lock-Up Period)
 the undersigned will not sell
 assign
 pledge or otherwise transfer any of the Shares that the undersigned beneficially owns
 including (i) all shares of Common Stock that the undersigned may receive as a stock dividend or other distribution on shares of Common Stock
 and (ii) all other securities of the Company that the undersigned may receive in a recapitalization or similar transaction (the Lock-up Shares)
 and the undersigned agrees not to take any of the preceding actions
 without the Company's prior written consent. In addition
 the undersigned agrees that
 during the Lock-Up Period
 the undersigned will not engage in (i) any short sale of any Lock-up Shares or other Common Stock
 (ii) any hedging transaction regarding the Lock-up Shares or other Common Stock














 provided that the donee or donees thereof agree to be bound by the restrictions set forth herein
 and (ii) all or any portion of the Lock-up Shares to any trust for the direct or indirect benefit of the undersigned or the immediate family of the undersigned
 provided that the trustee of the trust agrees to be bound by the restrictions set forth herein
 and provided further than any such transfer shall not involve a disposition for value. For purposes hereof
 immediate family and friends shall mean any relationship by blood
 marriage
 adoption

















 the Company may
 at any time and from time to time




 the undersigned shall be entitled to beneficial rights of ownership of the Lock-up Shares







 instructions or other communications required or permitted to be given pursuant to this Agreement shall be given in writing and delivered by certified mail
 return receipt requested


















































 Inc.








































    Document created using EDGARfilings PROfile 3.6.0.0
    Copyright 1995 - 2016 Summit Financial Printing


















 dated as of September 25
 2015
 by and among Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (the Company)
 Brett Bertolami (Bertolami) and Danzig Ltd. (Danzig). &#160;Bertolami and Danzig are sometimes referred to herein individually as a Holder






 pursuant to that certain Share Exchange Agreement dated August 14
 2015 (Share Exchange Agreement)
 among the Company
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings






105




 as a condition to consummating the transactions under the Share Exchange Agreement







 THEREFORE
 in consideration of the foregoing and other good and valuable consideration








 and the purchase price per share of Common Stock is less than $0.50 (floor price) (as determined without regard to the operation of this Agreement and the issuance of Adjusting Shares (as defined below))
 adjusted by any split or reverse split in the number of shares of Common Stock of the Company (as Adjusted) which occurs after the Closing Date (Dilutive Transaction)
 contemporaneously with the Dilutive Transaction
 the Company will issue the Holders additional shares of Common Stock in the Company in an amount which provides them with the Ownership Percentage Interest which they would have held in the Company represented by the shares of Common Stock issued to them by the Company pursuant to the Other Issuance had the Additional Shares been sold at $0.50 per share of Common Stock


















323
031 shares of Common Stock outstanding
 if this agreement were not in effect
 the new investor would receive 2
500
000 units at $0.20 per unit and the aggregate units outstanding would be 27
823
031. Because the per unit price for the new investment is less than $0.50
 the proposed investment would be a Dilutive Transaction. Had the Dilutive Transaction been at $0.50 per share
 1
000
000 shares would have been issued to the new investor ($500
000 divided by $0.50) and 26
323
031 aggregate shares would have been outstanding (25
323
031 plus 1
000
000). Assuming the Holders owned 2
105
000 shares of Common Stock
 if the new shares were sold to the investor at $0.50 per share
 the Holders would hold 7.996799% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (2
105
000 is 7.996799% of 26
323
031). The Holders would hold only 7.565675% of the shares of Common Stock outstanding if the Dilutive Transaction were to occur without adjustment (2
105
000 is 7.565675% of 27
823
031). &#160;Consequently
 under the terms of this agreement the Holders must receive enough Adjustment Shares to own 7.996799% of the aggregate outstanding shares of Common Stock after the Dilutive Transaction (the formula being 7.996799% equaling 2
105
000 plus Adjusted Shares divided by 27
823
031 plus Adjusted Shares). Based on solving the foregoing formula
 the Holders must be issued 130
377 Adjustment Shares (7.996799% equals 2
105
000 plus 130
377 divided by 27
823
031 plus 130

































































105




323




323
031 + $500
000/$0.20 = 25
323
031 + 2
500
000 = 27
823




323
031 + $500
000/$0.50 = 25
323
031 + 1
000
000 = 26
323




105
000/26
323




105
000/27
823




&#160;&#160;2
105
000 shares
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;2
105
000 shares + X

323


823



2
105
000 shares + X

823




823
031 shares + X) = 2
105




224
951 shares + 0.07996799X = 2
105




224
951 shares - 2
105







119
951 shares










2
105
000 shares + 130
377 shares

823
031 shares + 130



2
235
377 shares

953













 and shall be deemed given when personally delivered
 three days after being sent by prepaid certified or registered U.S. mail
 or one day after being sent by overnight express courier to the address of the party to be noticed
 as set forth in any writing or document provided by the party to be noticed to the other. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties regarding the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior understandings
 agreements
 or representations by or between the parties
 written or oral
 to the extent they related in any way to the subject matter hereof. No changes
 modifications
 or waivers to this Agreement will be effective unless in writing and signed by the parties. In the event that any provision hereof is determined to be illegal or unenforceable
 that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that these terms and conditions shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California
 without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions of such state. Each Holder may assign his or its rights and delegate his or its duties under this Agreement without the consent of the Company or the other Holder. The Company may not assign its rights or delegate its duties under this Agreement without the express prior written consent of the Holders. &#160;This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts
 each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which
 together

































 Inc.

















































    Document created using EDGARfilings PROfile 3.6.0.0
    Copyright 1995 - 2016 Summit Financial Printing




















 dated as of September 25
 2015
 by and among Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.


 and the shareholders of Sn&#246;bar Holdings

 a Delaware corporation

) and the other persons (<font style=FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'







 pursuant to that certain Share Exchange Agreement dated August 14
 2015 (Share Exchange Agreement)
 among the Company
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings



 Shareholders

474


<font style=FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

500

<font style=FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'




 as a condition to consummating the transactions under the Exchange Agreement







 THEREFORE
 in consideration of the foregoing and other good and valuable consideration





 the Company shall
 at the Company's sole expense (other than the underwriting discounts
 if any
 payable in respect of the Shares sold by Sn&#246;bar Shareholders and/or Other Persons)
 register all or
 at Sn&#246;bar Shareholders and/or Other Persons' option
 any portion of the shares of common stock then held by Sn&#246;bar Shareholders and/or Other Persons
 including all shares of common stock issuable to Sn&#246;bar Shareholders and/or Other Persons upon the exercise


 concurrently with the registration of such other securities
 all to the extent requisite to permit the public offering and sale of the Shares through the securities exchange
 if any
 on which the Common Stock is being sold or on the over-the-counter market
 and will use its commercially reasonable efforts through its officers
 directors
 auditors









 in its opinion
 the distribution of all or a portion of the Shares requested to be included in the registration concurrently with the securities being registered by the Company would adversely affect the distribution of such securities by the Company
 then the Company will include in such registration first
 the securities that the Company proposes to sell itself and second
 the Shares requested to be included in such registration




 the Company shall use its reasonable commercial efforts to cause the Shares so registered to be registered or qualified for sale under the securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions as Sn&#246;bar Shareholders and/or Other Persons may reasonably request; provided
 however




 preliminary prospectus
 final prospectus
 application
 document and communication until such time as all of the Shares may be sold without volume restrictions pursuant to Rule 144
 in each case as determined by the counsel to the Company pursuant to a written opinion letter to such effect




 the Company shall furnish to Sn&#246;bar Shareholders and/or Other Persons such reasonable number of copies of the registration statement and of each amendment and supplement thereto (in each case
 including all exhibits)
 of each prospectus contained in such registration statement and each supplement or amendment thereto (including each preliminary prospectus)
 all of which shall conform to the requirements of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder
 and such other documents











 as then in effect
 would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in the light of the circumstances then existing












 as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of such Shares or securities
 such prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in the light of the circumstances under which they were made. The Sn&#246;bar Shareholders and/or Other Persons shall suspend all sales of the Shares upon receipt of such notice from the Company and shall not re-commence sales until it receives copies of any necessary amendment or supplement to such prospectus




 the Company and Sn&#246;bar Shareholders and/or Other Persons will enter into an underwriting agreement with such underwriter for such offering
 which shall be reasonably satisfactory in substance and form to the Company
 the Company's counsel and Sn&#246;bar Shareholders and/or Other Persons 's counsel
 and the underwriter
 and such agreement shall contain such representations and warranties by the Company and Sn&#246;bar Shareholders and/or Other Persons and such other terms and provisions as are customarily contained in an underwriting agreement with respect to secondary distributions solely by selling stockholders
 including
 without limitation




 it shall use its reasonable commercial efforts to keep current in filing all reports




 sell
 make any short sale of
 loan
 grant any option for the purchase of
 or otherwise dispose of any of the Company's Common Stock held of record or beneficially owned by Sn&#246;bar Shareholders and/or Other Persons (other than those included in the registration) which at the time of the effective date of such registration statement may be sold or otherwise transferred in reliance upon Rule 144 during the period of time (not to exceed 180 days) determined by the Board of Directors of the Company upon advice of its managing underwriter
 from and after the effective date of the registration statement; provided that the obligations of Sn&#246;bar Shareholders and/or Other Persons under this Section 1(j) shall not apply unless each officer and director of the Company then outstanding
 in each case
 who are not signatories to this Agreement
 are bound by similar restrictions. Such restriction shall not apply to shares registered in such offering. In order to enforce this provision




 nothing herein shall be construed to prohibit Sn&#246;bar Shareholders and/or Other Persons from reselling all or part of the Shares in a private transaction or transactions exempt from Securities Act registration under Section 4(1) thereof or otherwise; provided
 however



















 the Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Sn&#246;bar Shareholders and/or Other Persons
 his employees
 agents
 and counsel
 and each person
 if any
 who controls any such person within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934


 liability
 charge
 claim
 damage
 and expense whatsoever (which shall include
 for all purposes of this Section 2
 but not be limited to
 attorneys' fees and any and all reasonable expenses whatsoever incurred in investigating
 preparing
 or defending against any litigation
 commenced or threatened
 or any claim whatsoever
 and any and all amounts paid in settlement of any claim or litigation) as and when incurred
 arising out of
 based upon
 or in connection with (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained (A) in any registration statement
 preliminary prospectus
 or final prospectus (as from time to time amended and supplemented) or any amendment or supplement thereto


 unless (x) such statement or omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company with respect to Sn&#246;bar Shareholders and/or Other Persons by or on behalf of Sn&#246;bar Shareholders and/or Other Persons expressly for inclusion in any registration statement
 preliminary prospectus
 or final prospectus
 or any amendment or supplement thereto
 or in any application
 as the case may be
 or (y) such loss
 liability
 charge
 claim
 damage or expense arises out of Sn&#246;bar Shareholders and/or Other Persons 's failure to comply with the terms and provisions of this Agreement
 or (ii) any breach of any representation
 warranty
 covenant
 or agreement of the Company contained in this Agreement. The foregoing agreement to indemnify shall be in addition to any liability the Company may otherwise have




 agents
 or counsel


 such indemnified party or parties shall promptly notify the Company in writing of the institution of such action (but the failure so to notify shall not relieve the Company from any liability other than pursuant to this Section 2(a)) and the Company shall promptly assume the defense of such action
 including the employment of counsel provided that the indemnified party shall have the right to employ its or their own counsel in any such case












 in any of which events such fees and expenses shall be borne by the Company and the Company shall not have the right to direct the defense of such action on behalf of the indemnified party or parties. Anything in this Section 2 to the contrary notwithstanding
 the Company shall not be liable for any settlement of any such claim or action effected without its written consent
 which shall not be unreasonably withheld. The Company shall not
 without the prior written consent of each indemnified party that is not released as described in this sentence
 settle or compromise any action
 or permit a default or consent to the entry of judgment in or otherwise seek to terminate any pending or threatened action
 in respect of which indemnity may be sought hereunder (whether or not any indemnified party is a party thereto) unless such settlement
 compromise
 consent
 or termination includes an unconditional release of each indemnified party from all liability in respect of such action. The Company agrees promptly to notify Sn&#246;bar Shareholders and/or Other Persons of the commencement of any litigation or proceedings against the Company or any of its officers or directors in connection with the sale of any Shares or any preliminary prospectus
 prospectus
 registration statement
 or amendment or supplement thereto




 each director of the Company
 each officer of the Company who shall have signed any registration statement covering Shares held by Sn&#246;bar Shareholders and/or Other Persons
 each other person
 if any
 who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act
 and its or their respective counsel
 to the same extent as the foregoing indemnity from the Company to Sn&#246;bar Shareholders and/or Other Persons in Section 2(a) but only with respect to statements or omissions
 if any
 made in any registration statement
 preliminary prospectus
 or final prospectus (as from time to time amended and supplemented) or any amendment or supplement thereto
 or in any application
 in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company with respect to Sn&#246;bar Shareholders and/or Other Persons by or on behalf of Sn&#246;bar Shareholders and/or Other Persons
 expressly for inclusion in any such registration statement
 preliminary prospectus
 or final prospectus
 or any amendment or supplement thereto
 or in any application
 as the case may be. If any action shall be brought against the Company or any other person so indemnified based on any such registration statement
 preliminary prospectus
 or final prospectus
 or any amendment or supplement thereto
 or in any application
 and in respect of which indemnity may be sought against Sn&#246;bar Shareholders and/or Other Persons pursuant to this Section 2(b)
 Sn&#246;bar Shareholders and/or Other Persons shall have the rights and duties given to the Company
 and the Company and each other person so indemnified shall have the rights and duties given to the indemnified parties




 if (i) an indemnified party makes a claim for indemnification pursuant to Section 2(a) or 2(b) (subject to the limitations thereof) but it is found in a final judicial determination
 not subject to further appeal










 even though this Agreement expressly provides for indemnification in such case
 or (ii) any indemnified or indemnifying party seeks contribution under the Securities Act
 the Exchange Act or otherwise
 then the Company (including for this purpose any contribution made by or on behalf of any director of the Company
 any officer of the Company who signed any such registration statement
 any controlling person of the Company
 and its or their respective counsel) as one entity
 and Sn&#246;bar Shareholders and/or Other Persons (including for this purpose any contribution by or on behalf of an indemnified party) as a second entity
 shall contribute to the losses
 liabilities
 claims
 damages
 and expenses whatsoever to which any of them may be subject
 on the basis of relevant equitable considerations such as the relative fault of the Company and Sn&#246;bar Shareholders and/or Other Persons in connection with the facts which resulted in such losses
 liabilities
 claims
 damages
 and expenses. The relative fault
 in the case of an untrue statement
 alleged untrue statement
 omission
 or alleged omission shall be determined by
 among other things
 whether such statement
 alleged statement
 omission or alleged omission relates to information supplied by the Company or by Sn&#246;bar Shareholders and/or Other Persons
 and the parties' relative intent
 knowledge
 access to information
 and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement
 alleged statement
 omission
 or alleged omission. The Company and Sn&#246;bar Shareholders and/or Other Persons agree that it would be unjust and inequitable if the respective obligations of the Company and Sn&#246;bar Shareholders and/or Other Persons for contribution were determined by pro rata or per capita allocation of the aggregate losses
 liabilities
 claims
 damages
 and expenses (even if Sn&#246;bar Shareholders and/or Other Persons and the other indemnified parties were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation that does not reflect the equitable considerations referred to in this Section 2(c). No person guilty of a fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who is not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of this Section 2(c) each person
 if any
 who controls Sn&#246;bar Shareholders and/or Other Persons within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act and each employee
 agent
 and counsel of Sn&#246;bar Shareholders and/or Other Persons or control person shall have the same rights to contribution as Sn&#246;bar Shareholders and/or Other Persons and each person
 if any
 who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act
 each officer of the Company who shall have signed any such registration statement
 each director of the Company
 and its or their respective counsel shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company
 subject to each case to the provisions of this Section 2(c). Anything in this Section 2(c) to the contrary notwithstanding
 no party shall be liable for contribution with respect to the settlement of any claim or action effected without its written consent. This Section 2(c) is intended to supersede any right to contribution under the Securities Act






. In the event of a breach by the Company of its obligations under this Agreement
 Sn&#246;bar Shareholders and/or Other Persons
 in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law
 including recovery of damages













. The provisions of this Agreement
 including the provisions of this sentence
 may not be amended
 modified or supplemented
 unless such amendment



. All notices and other communications provided for or permitted hereunder shall be made in writing by hand-delivery
 registered first-class mail
 telex
 or telecopies
 initially to the address set forth in the preamble to this Agreement
 and thereafter at such other address
 notice of which is given in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(c). All such notices and communications shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered by hand
 if personally delivered; two business days after being deposited in the mail
 postage prepaid
 if mailed; when answered back
 if telexed; and when receipt is acknowledged






. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the parties hereto in separate counterparts






. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without reference to its conflicts of law provisions. Each of the parties submits to the jurisdiction of any state or federal court sitting in California
 in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement and agrees that all claims in respect of the action or proceeding may be heard and determined in any such court. Each of the parties waives any defense of inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any action or proceeding so brought and waives any bond
 surety
 or other security that might be required of any other party with respect thereto. Nothing in this Section
 however



. In the event that any one or more of the provisions contained herein
 or the application hereof in any circumstance is held invalid
 illegal or unenforceable
 the validity



. This Agreement is intended by the parties as a final expression of their agreement and intended to be a complete and exclusive statement of this agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein. There are no restrictions
 promises
 warranties or undertakings
 other than those set forth or referred to herein



































































































    Document created using EDGARfilings PROfile 3.6.0.0
    Copyright 1995 - 2016 Summit Financial Printing
















































 Inc.
 a majority owned subsidiary of Pacific Ventures Group


















 Inc.
 a majority owned subsidiary of Sn&#246;bar Holdings






























    Document created using EDGARfilings PROfile 3.6.0.0
    Copyright 1995 - 2016 Summit Financial Printing















 Shannon Masjedi






 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made



 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all&#160;material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for





 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under&#160;our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by&#160;others within those entities



 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision






 or is reasonably likely to materially affect



 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over&#160;financial reporting



 process




 whether or not material



















































































































































    Document created using EDGARfilings PROfile 3.6.0.0
    Copyright 1995 - 2016 Summit Financial Printing















 Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2015
&#160;as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report)
 I
&#160;Shannon Masjedi
 Chief Operating Officer
 Secretary and Director of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley&#160;Act of 2002
 that
 to my knowledge: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the&#160;Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects




















































































































































        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        


        



      


      




          


          




      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&#13;Inc. (the &amp;#34;Company&amp;#34; or &amp;#34;Pacific Ventures&amp;#34;) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on October&#13;3
 1986
 under the name AOA Corporation. On November 12
 1991
 the Company changed its name to American Eagle Group
 Inc. On October&amp;#160;22
&#13;2012
 the Company changed its name to Pacific Ventures Group

 2015
&#13;Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc. and its stockholders entered into a share exchange agreement with Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings
 Inc. (&amp;#34;Sn&amp;#246;bar&#13;Holdings&amp;#34;)
 pursuant to which Pacific Ventures acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings'&#13;Class A and Class B common stock in exchange for 22
500
000 restricted shares of Pacific Ventures' common stock while simultaneously&#13;issuing 2
500

&#13;Inc. (&amp;#34;Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings&amp;#34;) was formed in the State of Delaware on January 7
 2013.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;font style=background-color: #FEFEFE&gt;Sn&amp;#246;bar&#13;Holdings is the trustor and sole beneficiary of&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;Snobar&amp;#160;&lt;font style=background-color: #FEFEFE&gt;Trust
 a California&#13;trust (&amp;#34;Trust&amp;#34;)
 which was formed in June 1
 2013. The current trustee that holds legal title to the Trust is Clark Rutledge
&#13;who is the father of Shannon Masjedi
 who controls&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings.&amp;#160;&lt;font style=background-color: #FEFEFE&gt;The&#13;Trust owns 100% of the shares of International Production Impex Corporation
 a California corporation (&amp;#34;IPIC&amp;#34;)
 which&#13;was formed on August 2
 2001. IPIC&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;is in the business of selling alcohol-infused ice cream and ice-pops
 and holds&#13;all of the rights to the liquor licenses to sell such products&amp;#160;&lt;font style=background-color: #FEFEFE&gt;and trade names &amp;#34;Sn&amp;#246;Bar&amp;#34;.&#13;As such
&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;the Trust holds all ownership interest of IPIC and its liquor licenses
 permitting IPIC to sell its product&#13;to distributors
 with all income
 expense
 gains and losses rolling up to the Trust
 of which Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings is the sole&#13;beneficiary.&amp;#160; Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings&amp;#160;&lt;font style=background-color: #FEFEFE&gt;also owns 99.9% of the shares of MAS Global&#13;Distributors
 Inc.
 a California corporation (&amp;#34;MGD&amp;#34;). MGD is in the business&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;of selling and leasing freezers&#13;and providing&amp;#160;&lt;font style=background-color: #FEFEFE&gt;marketing services.&amp;#160; As a result of the foregoing
&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;Sn&amp;#246;bar&#13;Holdings&amp;#160;&lt;font style=background-color: #FEFEFE&gt;is the primary beneficiary of all assets

 Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings performs ongoing reassessments of whether it is the primary beneficiary&#13;of a VIE. As the assessment of Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings' management is that Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings has the power to direct the activities&#13;of a VIE that most significantly impact the VIE's activities (it is responsible for establishing and operating IPIC)
 and the obligation&#13;to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE and the right to receive benefits from the VIE that&#13;could potentially be significant to the VIE's economic performance
 it was therefore concluded by management that Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings&#13;is the primary beneficiary of the Trust and IPIC. As such
 the Trust and IPIC were consolidated in the financial statements of&#13;Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings since the inception of the Trust
 in the case of the Trust
 and since the inception of Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings

 Inc.
 Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings and its subsidiaries
 in which Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings&#13;has a controlling voting interest and entities consolidated under the variable interest entities (&amp;#34;VIE&amp;#34;) provisions of&#13;ASC 810

&#13;liabilities

 a VIE&#13;is a corporation
 partnership
 limited-liability corporation
 trust
 or any other legal structure used to conduct activities or&#13;hold assets that either (1) has an insufficient amount of equity to carry out its principal activities without additional subordinated&#13;financial support
 (2)&amp;#160;has a group of equity owners that is unable to make significant decisions about its activities
 (3)&amp;#160;has&#13;a group of equity owners that does not have the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive returns generated by its operations&#13;or (4) the voting rights of some investors are not proportional to their obligations to absorb the expected losses of the entity
&#13;their rights to receive the expected residual returns of the entity
 or both and substantially all of the entity's activities (for&#13;example

 contractual or other financial interest in the VIE (a variable interest&#13;holder) that has both of the following characteristics: a) the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly&#13;impact the VIE's economic performance and b) the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to&#13;the VIE

 the primary beneficiary shall initially measure the assets
 liabilities


 the Company has incurred a net loss of $64
552 for the year ended December 31
 2015
 and has an accumulated&#13;deficit of $4
870
645 as of December 31

 the Company will need
 among other things
 additional capital resources. The Company is significantly dependent&#13;upon its ability
 and will continue to attempt



 2015 and 2014

 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 78%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finished Goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
020.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;58



 plant and&#13;equipment at December 31
 2015 and 2014

 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 78%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Computers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
985.53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
985.53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Freezers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;39
152.82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;106
069.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Office Furniture&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
686.82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
686.82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Rugs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
000.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
000.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Software - Accounting&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
901.07&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
901.07&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Telephone System&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
814.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
814.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Video Camera&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
527.95&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
527.95&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accumulated Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(51
237.67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(47
244.66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net Book Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;35
830.52&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;106

 2015 and 2014 was $3
993.01 and $166


 2015 and 2014
 the Company had accrued expenses of $189
433 and $891
532
 respectively. During July 2015
 Sn&amp;#246;bar&#13;Holding issued 350
000 shares of class A common stock for $225
000 of accrued payroll liabilities. In September of 2015
 Sn&amp;#246;bar&#13;Holding's officers with the board of directors' approval
 forgave an additional $600
000 of accrued payroll liabilities.&amp;#160;&#13;This amount was considered forgiveness of debt by a related party and the entire $600


 which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for&#13;the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements.&amp;#160; Under this method


 MGD&#13;entered into an unsecured promissory note with an officer and shareholder.&amp;#160; The note had a principal balance of $150
000 with&#13;an interest rate of 3% and has a maturity date of December 31
 2017.&amp;#160; The balance of the note at December 31
 2015 and 2014
&#13;was $28
292 and $125

&#13;MGD entered into an unsecured promissory note with a shareholder.&amp;#160; The note had an original principal balance of $30
000 with&#13;an interest rate of 8% and a maturity date of August&amp;#160;1
 2014. &amp;#160;The interest rate has been changed to 2% and the lender&#13;agreed to make all interest retroactive and deferred to maturity date of December 31
 2018.&amp;#160; The note's balance was $25
000&#13;as of December&amp;#160;31

 including&#13;liquor licenses
 for $500
000.&amp;#160; The note bears no interest and payments are due in five installments of $100
000 due each&#13;year beginning on December 31
 2013 and going through December 31
 2017.&amp;#160; The entire purchase price of $500
000 was expensed&#13;in 2013.&amp;#160; As of December&amp;#160;31
 2015 and 2014
 the balance on the note $219
522 and $299
522

 2013
&#13;Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings entered into an unsecured promissory note with a shareholder.&amp;#160; The note had a principal balance of $10
000&#13;with an interest rate of 5% and an original maturity date of March 14
 2014.&amp;#160; The maturity date has been extended to December&amp;#160;31
&#13;2019
 and interest rate has been reduced to 2%.&amp;#160; Lender also agreed to make all interest retroactive and deferred.&amp;#160; The&#13;note had an outstanding balance of $6
000 as of December&amp;#160;31

 2013
&#13;MGD entered into an unsecured promissory note with a shareholder.&amp;#160; The note had a principal balance of $86
821 with an original&#13;interest rate of 5%
 and an original maturity date of March 14
 2014.&amp;#160; Maturity date has been extended to December 31
 2019
&#13;and interest rate has been reduced to 2%
 and lender agreed to make all interest retroactive and deferred.&amp;#160; The balance of&#13;the note was $86
821 as of December&amp;#160;31

 2013
&#13;Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings entered into an unsecured promissory note with a shareholder.&amp;#160; The note had a principal balance of $15
000&#13;with an original interest rate of 5%.&amp;#160; Maturity date has been extended to December 31
 2018
 and interest rate has been reduced&#13;to 2%
 and lender agreed to make all interest retroactive and deferred.&amp;#160;&amp;#160; The balance of the note was $15
000 as of December&amp;#160;31

 2014
&#13;Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings entered into an unsecured promissory note with a shareholder.&amp;#160; The note had a principal balance of $20
000&#13;with an interest rate of 8% and a maturity date of 30 days from execution of the note.&amp;#160; The maturity date was extended to&#13;February&amp;#160;1
 2017.&amp;#160; As of December 31
 2014
 the balance of the notes was $20
000.&amp;#160; The note was converted to 100
000&#13;shares common stock on July 15
 2015
 leaving a balance of $0 as of December 31

 2014
 Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings entered into unsecured promissory notes with an entity owned by a shareholder.&amp;#160; The&#13;notes had a total principal balance of $16
000 with an interest rate of 2% and were due on demand.&amp;#160; Maturity date has been&#13;modified to December 31
 2019
 and lender agreed to make all interest retroactive and deferred.&amp;#160; The balance of the notes&#13;were $16
000 as of December&amp;#160;31

 2012
&#13;Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings entered into a secured promissory note with a shareholder.&amp;#160; The note had a principal balance of $10
000&#13;with no interest rate.&amp;#160; The note is due upon demand.&amp;#160; The balance of the note was $10
000 as of December&amp;#160;31

&#13;2015
 an officer has advanced $ 5


 2013
&#13;Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings entered into an unsecured promissory note.&amp;#160; The note had a principle balance of $100
000 with an interest&#13;rate of 6% and maturity date of February 9
 2014.&amp;#160; During 2014
 an additional $60
000 was borrowed for a total balance of&#13;$160
000. In 2014
 Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings issued 111

&#13;MGD entered into a secured promissory note with a principal balance of $10
000. The note was secured by interests in tangible and&#13;intangible property of MGD.&amp;#160; The Company is to make payments of $181 each business day (Monday through Friday) until the loan&#13;is paid off.&amp;#160; The effective interest rate on the note is 137%.&amp;#160; The note has been paid and the outstanding balance is&#13;$1000 as of December 31

 2014
&#13;MGD entered into a secured promissory note with a principal balance of $23
000.&amp;#160; The note was secured by MGD future sales&#13;and accounts receivable totaling $31
970.&amp;#160;&amp;#160; The Company was to remit 2% of revenues and accounts receivables daily until&#13;the entire balance of $31
970 has been received.&amp;#160; The outstanding balance on the notes was paid off by other financing and&#13;has a balance of $0 as of December 31

 2014
 Sn&amp;#246;bar&#13;Holdings entered into a secured convertible promissory note with a principal balance of $500
000.&amp;#160; The note was secured by&#13;interests in cash
 accounts receivable
 other receivables
 inventory
 supplies
 other assets of Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings including&#13;general intangibles and rights of each liquor license owned by SnoBar Trust.&amp;#160; The note has an interest rate of 10% and an&#13;original maturity date of December 31
 2015.&amp;#160; The Company was to make interest only payments beginning July 1
 2014.&amp;#160;&#13;The lender determined Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings to be in default and on January 29
 2015
 entered into a mutually agreed loan modification.&amp;#160;&#13;The agreement increased the principal balance of the note as of December 31
 2014 to $527
333 and all interest due and payable&#13;was deemed to have been paid and the conversion rights of the note were removed. &amp;#160;The modification also removed and deleted
&#13;in its entirety
 all secured interests in cash
 accounts receivable
 other receivables
 inventory
 supplies
 and other assets of&#13;Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings
 including intangibles

 2015 if Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings is not in default
 the maturity date of the note should automatically be extended&#13;to December 31
 2016 (&amp;#34;First Extended Maturity Date&amp;#34;). Commencing on January 1
 2016
 Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings will make&#13;monthly payments of $15
000 until the First Extended Maturity Date.&amp;#160; Assuming Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings is not in default with&#13;respect to its obligations as of the First Extended Maturity Date
 the note shall automatically be extended to December 31
 2017&#13;(&amp;#34;Second Extended Maturity Date&amp;#34;).&amp;#160; Commencing on January 1
 2017
 the monthly payments will be increased to $25
000&#13;for every month until the Second Extended Maturity Date.&amp;#160; All accrued but unpaid interest
 charges and the remaining principal&#13;balance of the note is fully due and payable on the Second Extended Maturity Date.&amp;#160; The balance of the note as of December&#13;31
 2015 and 2014 is $527

 2014
 IPIC entered into a&#13;secured promissory note with a principal balance of $15
000.&amp;#160; The note was secured by interests in all accounts
 cash
 deposit&#13;accounts
 documents
 equipment
 general intangibles and inventory of International Production IMPEX Corp.&amp;#160; The Company was&#13;to make daily payments of $163 until the entire balance was paid off for an estimated total payment of $20
550.&amp;#160; The effective&#13;interest rate on the note was 192%.&amp;#160; This loan was purchased by the lender mentioned in the paragraph above and the outstanding&#13;balance is $0 as of December 31


 2015
&#13;Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (&amp;#34;Exchange Agreement&amp;#34;) with Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.
&#13;a Delaware corporation (&amp;#34;Pacific Ventures&amp;#34;)
 and Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings' shareholders (&amp;#34;Sn&amp;#246;bar Shareholders&amp;#34;)&#13;who hold of record (i) at least 99% and up to 100% of the total issued and outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock and (ii)&amp;#160;100%&#13;of the total issued and outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock. In accordance with the terms and provisions of the Exchange&#13;Agreement
 Pacific Ventures shall acquire (i) at least 99% and up to 100% of the total issued and outstanding shares of Sn&amp;#246;bar&#13;Holdings' Class A Common Stock and (ii) 100% of the total issued and outstanding shares of Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings' Class B Common&#13;Stock from Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings' Shareholders
 thus making Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings a majority-owned or wholly-owned subsidiary
 in&#13;exchange for the issuance to the Sn&amp;#246;bar Shareholders of at least 22
285
000 and up to 22
500
000 shares of restricted common&#13;stock of Pacific Ventures for each share of common stock of Sn&amp;#246;bar while simultaneously issuing 2
500

500

000 shares of restricted common stock&amp;#160;were&#13;issued for services for a total of $326

000
000 shares of restricted common stock in exchange for his 1
000

000 shares of restricted common stock&#13;were issued to extinguish $21

000
000 shares.&amp;#160; Under the rights
 preferences and privileges of the Series E Preferred&#13;Stock
 the holders of the preferred stock receive a 10 to 1 voting preference over common stock.&amp;#160; Accordingly
 for every share&#13;of Series E Preferred Stock held
 the holder received the voting rights equal to 10 shares of common stock.&amp;#160; The Series E&#13;Preferred Stock is not convertible into any other class of stock of the Company and has no preferences to&amp;#160;dividends or liquidation&#13;rights.&amp;#160;&amp;#160; As of December 31
 2015 there are 1
000

 2012&amp;#160;for up to 100
000
000 shares
 par value $0.001 per share.&amp;#160; Common Stock shareholders get one vote per&#13;share.&amp;#160; As of December 31
 2015
 there were 25
799



 plant and equipment and was $0 and $0 at December 31
 2015&#13;and 2014
 respectively.&amp;#160; Accumulated depreciation of the leased equipment at December 31
 2015 and 2014 was $0 and $0

 2015 and 2014


 the circumstances&#13;under which we should recognize events or transactions occurring after the balance sheet date in its financial statements and the&#13;required disclosures for such events. We have evaluated all subsequent events through the date these consolidated financial statements&#13;were issued


 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 78%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finished Goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
020.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;58



&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 78%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Computers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
986&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
986&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Freezers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;478
137&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;478
137&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Office Furniture&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
687&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
687&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Rugs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Software - Accounting&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
901&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
901&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Telephone system&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
814&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
814&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Truck purchase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;86
403&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;86
403&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
528&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
528&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accumulated Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;612
456&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;612
456&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net Book Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(572
632&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(402
744&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;39
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 3pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;209

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

000 due each year beginning on&#13;December 31
 2013 and going through December 31

    
    
    
    
    



 2015 and December 31


970.&amp;#160;&amp;#160; The Company is to remit 2% of revenues and accounts receivables daily until the&#13;entire balance of $31
970 has been received.&amp;#160; The outstanding balance on the note is $23
000 as of September 30
 2015 and&#13;December 31


 accounts receivable
 other receivables
 inventory
 supplies
 other&#13;assets of Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings including general intangibles and rights of each liquor license owned by SnoBar Trust. The note&#13;has an interest rate of 10% and a maturity date of December 31
 2015.&amp;#160; The Company is to make interest only payments beginning&#13;July 1


 2015
 entered into a mutually agreed loan modification.&amp;#160; The agreement increased the principal&#13;balance of the note as of December 31
 2014 to $527
333 and all interest due and payable was deemed to have been paid and the conversion&#13;rights of the note were removed.&amp;#160; The maturity date is December 31
 2015 and if Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings is not in default
 the&#13;maturity date of the note will automatically be extended to December 31
 2016 (&amp;#34;First Extended Maturity Date&amp;#34;).&amp;#160;&#13;Commencing on January 1
 2016
 Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings will make monthly payments of $15
000 until the First Extended Maturity Date.&amp;#160;&#13;Assuming Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings is not in default with respect to its obligations as of the First Extended Maturity Date
 the note&#13;shall automatically be extended to December 31
 2017 (&amp;#34;Second Extended Maturity Date&amp;#34;).&amp;#160; Commencing on January 1
&#13;2017
 the monthly payments will be increased to $25
000 for every month until the Second Extended Maturity Date.&amp;#160; All accrued&#13;but unpaid interest



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings
 Inc. a Delaware corporation&#13;(&amp;#34;Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings&amp;#34;)
 MAS Global Distributors
 Inc.
 a California corporation (&amp;#34;MGD&amp;#34;)
 International Production&#13;Impex Corporation
 a California corporation (&amp;#34;IPIC&amp;#34;)
 and Snobar Trust
 a California trust (&amp;#34;Trust&amp;#34;)
 which&#13;was established to hold IPIC


 the products are shipped to the customers or services&#13;are rendered
 net of discounts

 2015 and the year ended December 31
 2014

 first-out method. Inventory quantities on-hand&#13;are regularly reviewed
 and where necessary
 reserves for excess and unusable inventories are recorded. Inventory consists of finished&#13;goods and includes ice cream

 in the opinion of management


 repairs
 and minor renovations are expensed as incurred. Upon sale or retirement&#13;of property and equipment
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are eliminated from the respective accounts and the resulting&#13;gain or loss is included in the results of operations. The Company provides for depreciation of property and equipment using the&#13;straight-line method over the estimated useful lives or the term of the lease
 as appropriate. The estimated useful lives are as&#13;follows: vehicles
 five years; office furniture and equipment
 three to fifteen years; equipment
 three years.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&#13;- The carrying amounts of Pacific Ventures' financial instruments
 which include cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable


&#13;2015 and 2014
 approximately 51% and 20% of total sales were to two distributors

 2014
 99%
 of accounts receivable&#13;were from one distributor.&amp;#160; There was no accounts receivable as of September 30

428 and $41
509&#13;for the nine months ended September 30
 2015 and 2014

 allowance for doubtful accounts

 the FASB established the Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#34;Codification&amp;#34; or &amp;#34;ASC&amp;#34;) as the source&#13;of authoritative accounting principles recognized by the FASB to be applied by nongovernmental entities in the preparation of financial&#13;statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (&amp;#34;GAAP&amp;#34;).&amp;#160; Rules and&#13;interpretive releases of the Securities and Exchange Commission (&amp;#34;SEC&amp;#34;) issued under authority of federal securities&#13;laws are also sources of GAAP for SEC registrants.&amp;#160; Existing GAAP was not intended to be changed as a result of the Codification

 FASB issued Accounting Standards&#13;Update (&amp;#34;ASU&amp;#34;) No. 2015-03
 &amp;#34;Interest &amp;#150; Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation&#13;of Debt Issuance Costs&amp;#34;
&amp;#160; to simplify presentation of debt issuance costs by requiring that debt issuance costs related&#13;to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability
&#13;consistent with debt discounts. The ASU does not affect the recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs. For public&#13;companies
 the ASU is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015
 and interim&#13;periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted. We are currently reviewing the provisions of this ASU to determine&#13;if there will be any impact on our results of operations

 FASB issued ASU No. 2015-04
&#13;&amp;#34;Compensation &amp;#150; Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Practical Expedient for the Measurement Date of an Employer's Defined&#13;Benefit Obligation and Plan Assets&amp;#34;
&amp;#160; which permits the entity to measure defined benefit plan assets and obligations&#13;using the month-end that is closest to the entity's fiscal year-end and apply that practical expedient consistently from year to&#13;year. The ASU is effective for public business entities for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December&#13;15
 2015
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted. We are currently reviewing the provisions&#13;of this ASU to determine if there will be any impact on our results of operations

 FASB issued ASU No. 2015-05
&#13;&amp;#34;Intangibles &amp;#150; Goodwill and Other &amp;#150; Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer's Accounting for Fees Paid&#13;in a Cloud Computing Arrangement&amp;#34;
 which provides guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes&#13;a software license. If such includes a software license
 then the customer should account for the software license element of the&#13;arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If the arrangement does not include a software license
&#13;the customer should account for it as a service contract. For public business entities
 the ASU is effective for annual periods
&#13;including interim periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December 15
 2015. Early application is permitted. We are&#13;currently reviewing the provisions of this ASU to determine if there will be any impact on our results of operations

 FASB issued ASU No. 2015-06
&#13;&amp;#34;Earnings Per Share (Topic 260): Effects on Historical Earnings per Unit of Master Limited Partnership Dropdown Transactions&amp;#34;
&#13;which specifies that
 for purposes of calculating historical earnings per unit under the two-class method
 the earnings (losses)&#13;of a transferred business before the date of a drop down transaction should be allocated entirely to the general partner. In that&#13;circumstance
 the previously reported earnings per unit of the limited partners (which is typically the earnings per unit measure&#13;presented in the financial statements) would not change as a result of the dropdown transaction. Qualitative disclosures about&#13;how the rights to the earnings (losses) differ before and after the dropdown transaction occurs for purposes of computing earnings&#13;per unit under the two-class method also are required. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015
&#13;and interim periods within those fiscal years. Earlier application is permitted. We are currently reviewing the provisions of this&#13;ASU to determine if there will be any impact on our results of operations

 FASB issued ASU No. 2014-10
&#13;&amp;#34;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements
 Including an Amendment to&#13;Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810
 Consolidation&amp;#34;. The update removes all incremental financial reporting requirements&#13;from GAAP for development stage entities
 including the removal of Topic 915 from the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. In&#13;addition
 the update adds an example disclosure in Risks and Uncertainties (Topic 275) to illustrate one way that an entity that&#13;has not begun planned principal operations could provide information about the risks and uncertainties related to the company's&#13;current activities. Furthermore
 the update removes an exception provided to development stage entities in Consolidations (Topic&#13;810) for determining whether an entity is a variable interest entity-which may change the consolidation analysis
 consolidation&#13;decision
 and disclosure requirements for a company that has an interest in a company in the development stage. The update is effective&#13;for the annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
 including interim periods therein. Early application is permitted&amp;#160;&#13;with the first annual reporting period or interim period for which the entity's financial statements have not yet been issued (Public&#13;business entities) or made available for issuance (other entities). Our company adopted this pronouncement for year ended December&#13;31

 FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12
&#13;&amp;#34;Compensation &amp;#150; Stock Compensation (Topic 718); Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide&#13;That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period&amp;#34;. The amendments in this ASU apply to all reporting&#13;entities that grant their employees share-based payments in which the terms of the award provide that a performance target that&#13;affects vesting could be achieved after the requisite service period. The amendments require that a performance target that affects&#13;vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. A reporting entity&#13;should apply existing guidance in Topic 718 as it relates to awards with performance conditions that affect vesting to account&#13;for such awards. For all entities
 the amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods and interim periods within those&#13;annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015. Earlier adoption is permitted. Entities may apply the amendments in this ASU&#13;either (a) prospectively to all awards granted or modified after the effective date or (b) retrospectively to all awards with performance&#13;targets that are outstanding as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements and to all&#13;new or modified awards thereafter. If retrospective transition is adopted
 the cumulative effect of applying this Update as of&#13;the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements should be recognized as an adjustment to the&#13;opening retained earnings balance at that date. Additionally
 if retrospective transition is adopted
 an entity may use hindsight&#13;in measuring and recognizing the compensation cost. This updated guidance is not expected to have a material impact on our results&#13;of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.&amp;#160; We are currently reviewing the provisions of this ASU to determine if there&#13;will be any impact on our results of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;In August 2014
 the&#13;FASB issued ASU 2014-15 on &amp;#34;Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) &amp;#150; Disclosure of Uncertainties&#13;about an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern&amp;#34;. Currently
 there is no guidance in U.S. GAAP about management's&#13;responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern or to provide&#13;related footnote disclosures. The amendments in this Update provide that guidance. In doing so
 the amendments are intended to&#13;reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments require management to assess an entity's ability&#13;to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards.&#13;Specifically
 the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term substantial doubt
 (2) require an evaluation every reporting&#13;period including interim periods
 (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating effect of management's plans
 (4) require&#13;certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management's plans
 (5) require an express&#13;statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated
 and (6) require an assessment for a period of one year&#13;after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). We are currently reviewing the provisions&#13;of this ASU to determine if there will be any impact on our results of operations


 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings
 Inc. a Delaware corporation&#13;(&amp;#34;Sn&amp;#246;bar Holdings&amp;#34;)
 MAS Global Distributors
 Inc.
 a California corporation (&amp;#34;MGD&amp;#34;)
 International Production&#13;Impex Corporation
 a California corporation (&amp;#34;IPIC&amp;#34;)
 and Snobar Trust
 a California trust (&amp;#34;Trust&amp;#34;)
 which&#13;was established to hold IPIC




 the products are shipped to the customers or services&#13;are rendered
 net of discounts

    
    

 2015 and the year ended December 31
 2014


 first-out method. Inventory quantities on-hand&#13;are regularly reviewed
 and where necessary
 reserves for excess and unusable inventories are recorded. Inventory consists of finished&#13;goods and includes ice cream


 in the opinion of management




 repairs
 and minor renovations are expensed as incurred. Upon sale or retirement&#13;of property and equipment
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are eliminated from the respective accounts and the resulting&#13;gain or loss is included in the results of operations. The Company provides for depreciation of property and equipment using the&#13;straight-line method over the estimated useful lives or the term of the lease
 as appropriate. The estimated useful lives are as&#13;follows: vehicles
 five years; office furniture and equipment
 three to fifteen years; equipment


 which include cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable



&#13;2015 and 2014
 approximately 51% and 20% of total sales were to two distributors

 2014
 99%
 of accounts receivable&#13;were from one distributor.&amp;#160; There was no accounts receivable as of September 30


428 and $41
509&#13;for the nine months ended September 30
 2015 and 2014


 allowance for doubtful accounts


 the FASB established the Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#34;Codification&amp;#34; or &amp;#34;ASC&amp;#34;) as the source&#13;of authoritative accounting principles recognized by the FASB to be applied by nongovernmental entities in the preparation of financial&#13;statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (&amp;#34;GAAP&amp;#34;).&amp;#160; Rules and&#13;interpretive releases of the Securities and Exchange Commission (&amp;#34;SEC&amp;#34;) issued under authority of federal securities&#13;laws are also sources of GAAP for SEC registrants.&amp;#160; Existing GAAP was not intended to be changed as a result of the Codification

 FASB issued Accounting Standards&#13;Update (&amp;#34;ASU&amp;#34;) No. 2015-03
 &amp;#34;Interest &amp;#150; Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation&#13;of Debt Issuance Costs&amp;#34;
&amp;#160; to simplify presentation of debt issuance costs by requiring that debt issuance costs related&#13;to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability
&#13;consistent with debt discounts. The ASU does not affect the recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs. For public&#13;companies
 the ASU is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015
 and interim&#13;periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted. We are currently reviewing the provisions of this ASU to determine&#13;if there will be any impact on our results of operations

 FASB issued ASU No. 2015-04
&#13;&amp;#34;Compensation &amp;#150; Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Practical Expedient for the Measurement Date of an Employer's Defined&#13;Benefit Obligation and Plan Assets&amp;#34;
&amp;#160; which permits the entity to measure defined benefit plan assets and obligations&#13;using the month-end that is closest to the entity's fiscal year-end and apply that practical expedient consistently from year to&#13;year. The ASU is effective for public business entities for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December&#13;15
 2015
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted. We are currently reviewing the provisions&#13;of this ASU to determine if there will be any impact on our results of operations

 FASB issued ASU No. 2015-05
&#13;&amp;#34;Intangibles &amp;#150; Goodwill and Other &amp;#150; Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer's Accounting for Fees Paid&#13;in a Cloud Computing Arrangement&amp;#34;
 which provides guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes&#13;a software license. If such includes a software license
 then the customer should account for the software license element of the&#13;arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If the arrangement does not include a software license
&#13;the customer should account for it as a service contract. For public business entities
 the ASU is effective for annual periods
&#13;including interim periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December 15
 2015. Early application is permitted. We are&#13;currently reviewing the provisions of this ASU to determine if there will be any impact on our results of operations

 FASB issued ASU No. 2015-06
&#13;&amp;#34;Earnings Per Share (Topic 260): Effects on Historical Earnings per Unit of Master Limited Partnership Dropdown Transactions&amp;#34;
&#13;which specifies that
 for purposes of calculating historical earnings per unit under the two-class method
 the earnings (losses)&#13;of a transferred business before the date of a drop down transaction should be allocated entirely to the general partner. In that&#13;circumstance
 the previously reported earnings per unit of the limited partners (which is typically the earnings per unit measure&#13;presented in the financial statements) would not change as a result of the dropdown transaction. Qualitative disclosures about&#13;how the rights to the earnings (losses) differ before and after the dropdown transaction occurs for purposes of computing earnings&#13;per unit under the two-class method also are required. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015
&#13;and interim periods within those fiscal years. Earlier application is permitted. We are currently reviewing the provisions of this&#13;ASU to determine if there will be any impact on our results of operations

 FASB issued ASU No. 2014-10
&#13;&amp;#34;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements
 Including an Amendment to&#13;Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810
 Consolidation&amp;#34;. The update removes all incremental financial reporting requirements&#13;from GAAP for development stage entities
 including the removal of Topic 915 from the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. In&#13;addition
 the update adds an example disclosure in Risks and Uncertainties (Topic 275) to illustrate one way that an entity that&#13;has not begun planned principal operations could provide information about the risks and uncertainties related to the company's&#13;current activities. Furthermore
 the update removes an exception provided to development stage entities in Consolidations (Topic&#13;810) for determining whether an entity is a variable interest entity-which may change the consolidation analysis
 consolidation&#13;decision
 and disclosure requirements for a company that has an interest in a company in the development stage. The update is effective&#13;for the annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
 including interim periods therein. Early application is permitted&amp;#160;&#13;with the first annual reporting period or interim period for which the entity's financial statements have not yet been issued (Public&#13;business entities) or made available for issuance (other entities). Our company adopted this pronouncement for year ended December&#13;31

 FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12
&#13;&amp;#34;Compensation &amp;#150; Stock Compensation (Topic 718); Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide&#13;That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period&amp;#34;. The amendments in this ASU apply to all reporting&#13;entities that grant their employees share-based payments in which the terms of the award provide that a performance target that&#13;affects vesting could be achieved after the requisite service period. The amendments require that a performance target that affects&#13;vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. A reporting entity&#13;should apply existing guidance in Topic 718 as it relates to awards with performance conditions that affect vesting to account&#13;for such awards. For all entities
 the amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods and interim periods within those&#13;annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015. Earlier adoption is permitted. Entities may apply the amendments in this ASU&#13;either (a) prospectively to all awards granted or modified after the effective date or (b) retrospectively to all awards with performance&#13;targets that are outstanding as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements and to all&#13;new or modified awards thereafter. If retrospective transition is adopted
 the cumulative effect of applying this Update as of&#13;the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements should be recognized as an adjustment to the&#13;opening retained earnings balance at that date. Additionally
 if retrospective transition is adopted
 an entity may use hindsight&#13;in measuring and recognizing the compensation cost. This updated guidance is not expected to have a material impact on our results&#13;of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.&amp;#160; We are currently reviewing the provisions of this ASU to determine if there&#13;will be any impact on our results of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;In August 2014
 the&#13;FASB issued ASU 2014-15 on &amp;#34;Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) &amp;#150; Disclosure of Uncertainties&#13;about an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern&amp;#34;. Currently
 there is no guidance in U.S. GAAP about management's&#13;responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern or to provide&#13;related footnote disclosures. The amendments in this Update provide that guidance. In doing so
 the amendments are intended to&#13;reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments require management to assess an entity's ability&#13;to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards.&#13;Specifically
 the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term substantial doubt
 (2) require an evaluation every reporting&#13;period including interim periods
 (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating effect of management's plans
 (4) require&#13;certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management's plans
 (5) require an express&#13;statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated
 and (6) require an assessment for a period of one year&#13;after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). We are currently reviewing the provisions&#13;of this ASU to determine if there will be any impact on our results of operations

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  




























































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      














      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 $.001 par value
 10
000
000 shares authorized
 1
000




 $.001 par value
 30
000
000 shares authorized
 25
384
031 and 22
884
031 issued and outstanding




 $.001 par value
 10
000
000 shares authorized
 1
000
000 issued and outstanding



      


      


      


      


































      






      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      







      

      










      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      








 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant


      

      





 Plant and Equipment




























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 acctlogo.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_X1#L17AI9@  34T *@    @ ! $[  (

    /@

M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M                                                 $5D9V%R(%1E
M8V@    %D 
  @   !0  !DD 0  @   !0  !XDI$  @    
W-@  DI(
M @    
W-@  ZAP !P   P   B8     !SJ    
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M                    
C Q-CHP-3HR


B/CQR

V0M
M
3%D82UA9#
Q+60S
V0W-3$X

Z9&
](FAT=' Z+R]P=7)L


M/CQX;7 Z0W)E871E1&%T93XR


61A+6%D
S$M9#
S


M;G1S+S$N



3DY.2\P
B\R



M83X-B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
MB @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @

M/O_; $


M*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ
M*BHJ*O_  !$( 'P#!0
!(@ $0$#$0'_Q  ?   !!0$! 0$! 0
M 0(#! 4&!P@)@O_Q U$   0
# @0#!04$!    7T! @
 !!$%$B$Q0083
M46$'(G$4
+CY.7F
MY^CIZO'R\_3U]O?X^?K_Q  ? 0 # 0$! 0$! 0$!         0(#! 4&!P@)
M@O_Q U$0  0($! 

8F9JBHZ2E


MYY=[8'W1^M.M5Y9OPKGLKFG0==-A0H[\FJM23MNF/MQ2/IE@W0&D]6)+=
MA\R-T:D-LX; Y'KFHBI(/44X2N!@
:+KJ!

MED //J:=*3+*%3H.!3\P(:*LBV4???!J.6$Q\]1ZTK
=QUJV'(]127*XESV:


!D@
M(D;=USS2#&1NSCOBG3
'E)'2G[!(B[
!@
$=
TNHQR[#&PASNQSN[BJ]3HOD


+E\*$'XU73_6+GUHD;?(6]:;0W=@6KHG8OIFJM6U9;



1FGF6
G)BY_W

Y;&[L

M!4*@LP ZFJ;U%8N^7'_=6CRX_PZM5)$
 IR,YIH!)P*.;R'8M2H@B8J%S
M4$+JDF6].U1TH!)P.34WU =_K9O]XU8G?RU)QG]!4
'%PN:==?ZT?2GTN'4


M?AC#
8Q--(





;_&A8.HNJ#VT3@:GM5RY;L!4%

IP1F&5
M4G\*0#F90FQ
GG))JQ!%L7)^\?TJH05.,'WJY]HB_O?H:N-KZB9!.S2/P#M
M'3BHMK?W3^57/M$7][]#1]HB_O?H:+)]0N4]K?W3^53VH(D.01Q4OVB+^]^A
MIR2HYPIS^%2ON*Y%= E5P
\U6VMZ'\JONZH/F.*89X\'YOT--I7!%*IY'
6






M;X^O\ZJ59M#]X=J$[Z
&5P2.A(HW-ZG\Z=*
2MCUIE2

M_.II75H$ .2

M QRQ(Z9I*=(NR0KZ&FTADT
.\;F.%IVZW7@+GWI9SL@11WJM5/06Y9
*2+NA

M_*E4 1G#*&;CD]!3
-(YV@G)S3Q;R'L!^-+6X!

;.1]T#K21

MW@E.
@' QP:B964_
*'=,!&(/08_&I8OW94G[S$8]A4-2K*3(VWJ
G;0AC


M;NHICSNXQT'M1H&I:#!E..@XJA5N/Y+7/L352B0(5F+8W'.!BBDHJ1GIU%%%

M80+8:[
3:[@662957ZD#K7HGA#PAIOP;\%:EJNJW*37/E[YYPN
 #A%_'\S0

4-U&3

MCWPS\2M0TS^UO&5OYMOIR





MQGZ4W9ZBV*E7(4\J
,QR 'FA /F5UE+@
M$#U%0]:L[V%T5SD$XQ4,@R
!TS0Q(;M(&2#CZ4JNR_=8BI'E#0J@!R
5#1M
ML

M[&B2L8#&X9Z9YJQ/ @:
=.M5JGBN-@VL
BDK;
GQQF1L#\34^ZW/) _(





M0&59'
2AB^.0.OK@_A6_J%_;:;9R7=]
L
$:Y=W. !7DWB+XU


[W4MVX:2:10I

:

M!7A2W.Q$\ (TK=NE0,2S$GJ:GN#L18Q^-,@178[_3UI/L'F)GF2 'IU-.D
M
CG&Q@O88IA)21MAQR1Q1YLG]\_G2Z6 0HX&2K ?2FTXR.1@L2/K3:0R:7_4


[(&=?O9QGTH

Y

4F$BC4





M0A&X]3GM1N$L1 &TJ

MHP*AJ:;[L?^[4-#W!%D1K);@H!N%5R
'!I4=D.5.*E^U-W49HT8A8(]O[Q
M^ .F:AD??(6I7E:3[QX]!3*&^B&%%211&7.#C%$L1BQDYS2L[7 CHHHH ***


@9DP?3;1LC_YZ_P#CIH$BA0#&I]Z7S5_YY+1H(+?_

+(].HHHKZ$\
M\S+_ )U[2U[

MEH K'NAVU0F\*V[?ZB:1#_M 
*U)
J.^TZ1L7.G!/]J)C_*M6WT;3;N-;BSE

MF$DG!.X#8*P4\


MAZR4#IYP











' [U%3Q(0 
 XZ


OITJO2EBV


M:/S(\#J.15&KD



FPIM\O//
MONKS?_AH(_\ /GJ'_@977_M ^#?$'BW_ (1__A'=-DOOLOVGSMC*-F[RMO4C

M /%4?\*;\?\ _0M7'_?R/_XJCV$//[V'M)';_P##09 XL]0]\W=#?M![F)%E
MJ 'I]KKB/^%-^/\ _H6KC_OY'_\ %4?\*;\?_P#0M7'_ '\C_P#BJ/80\_O8



M (JC_A3?C_\ Z%JX_P_D?\ \54?5:78?M9G7_\ \[ @AM#F]L2J
?I3T^.


M_DE^.5C)(6&BW _[;+_ (5R'_F_'__ $+5Q_W\C_\ BJ/^%-^/_P#H6KC_
M +^1_P#Q5'U:E:U@]K
Z_P#X7G8^3L&BW'7)/G+_ (4S_A=]C_T!KC_O\O\

MGGX]67;0[C\9U_PKB_^%-^/_P#H6KC_ +^1_P#Q5'_F_'_ /T+5Q_W\C_^

MN/\ O\O^%2+\=;(+M;1)V7T
R_X5XQ11]6I=@]M









MBJE3HMP0?^FR_P%+_PO*P%5T6XYZDSK_A7C-%'U:EV#VTSV/\ X7?8_P#0
M&N/^_P O^%'_  N^Q_Z UQ_W^7_O'**/JM+L'MIGLR_'6U7II%QCWF7_I!



M/ZO3[![69^@5%%%=) 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%




OB?3;CS--^U

4;'  9\8!.

M)?#C5+S1O@AX\OM



!MPP!C('J30!YGX7\#Q^)['Q/=P:KY46@V;
MW:'[.3]I50Q Y8;


M'_(H?$7_ + 

M&
]1F@1Y



M]0A'.
5@_M%[O^%EVV]@S?V9#EEZ$[GYH \HKTKQE\'+KPCX'AU]M56[F4PK



\91T/
MH5/(KV'X70:@_P /?&/A[PS.MEXR





RJEK+;NLC%C@80C)S]*].\#ZM?Z)^SUXPO

E9-PPV[



LD

MCZ].] C7\;





2\$GD]!


M&]\
_ 'PKI.JB-;R#49C



MW$_



Y'/

J1JHP%4%S@?CW-8W_  R_
M?_\ 0SV__@(W_P 57T710



OW_ /T
]O\ ^ C?_%4?\
OW
M_P#T

MBZ* L?.G_#+]_P#]#/;_ /@(W_Q5'_#+]_\ ]#/;_P#@(W_Q5?1=% 6/G3_A

OW_ /T



?

OW_\ T
]O_P C?\ Q5?1=% '
MSI_PR_?_ /0SV_\ X-_\51_PR_?_P#0SV__ (-_P#%5]%T4L?.G_#+]__
M -#/;_\ @(W_ 
51_P 
OW__ $

OW_P#T
]O_ . C?_%4?\
O
MW_\ T

OW_ /T
]O\ ^ C?_%4?\
OW_P#T
]O_ . C?_%5


MO-JVL^*+'SC&L21PV+*D:+T51O)QR3R3UKV^B@9\Z?\ #+]__P!#/;_^ C?_
M !5'_#+]_P#]#/;_ /@(W_Q5?1=% K'SI_PR_?\ _0SV_P#X-_\51_PR_?_
J /0SV_\ X-_\57T710%CYT_X9?O_P#H9[?_ 
!&_P#BJ*^BZ* L?__9
end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2015
May. 20
 2016
Jun. 30
 2015













 Inc.



























  2015



































































000



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



799
031



























If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






May. 20
 2016
Dec. 31
 2014




















721



Inventory
 net

020


256





500


500





730


477










Fixed assets
 net

831


740





831


740





561


217














589





383


867





433


532





042





Current portion
 notes payable

510


333



Current portion
 notes payable - related party

140


821



Current portion
 leases payable



012





507


118
154












333


522





821


553





154


075





427
661


449
229










Preferred stock
 $.001 par value
 10
000
000 shares authorized
 1
000
000 issued and outstanding






Common stock
 $.001 par value
 30
000
000 shares authorized
 25
384
031 and 22
884
031 issued and outstanding
 respectively

799


322



Class B common stock
 $.001 par value
 10
000
000 shares authorized
 1
000
000 issued and outstanding
 respectively

000


000





455
745


130
097





870
645)


420
431)





388
100)


270
012)





561


217





























































































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Amount of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include
 but not limited to
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Also includes the aggregate carrying amount of liabilities not separately disclosed.

























































Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.

























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-09.6
7)



























Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold or consumed after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of payments made in excess of existing cash balances
 which will be honored by the bank but reflected as a loan to the entity. Overdrafts generally have a very short time frame for correction or repayment and are therefore more similar to short-term bank financing than trade financing.

























































Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























The aggregate of all deposit liabilities held by the entity
 including foreign and domestic
 interest and noninterest bearing; may include demand deposits
 saving deposits
 Negotiable Order of Withdrawal (NOW) and time deposits among others.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.






















































































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
























































Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Carrying amount of long-term debt
 net of unamortized discount or premium
 excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer (current maturities). Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 aggregate carrying amount of all types of notes payable
 as of the balance sheet date
 with initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
 -Paragraph 13
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22



























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 payable to related parties
 which are due after one year (or one business cycle).




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






May. 20
 2016
Dec. 31
 2014









Common Stock
 par value






Common Stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common Stock
 shares issued

799
031


799
031



Common Stock
 shares outstanding

799
031


799
031



Preferred Stock
 par value






Preferred Stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Preferred Stock
 shares issued






Preferred Stock
 shares outstanding




































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014









Sales
 net of discounts

213


002





118)


665)





096


337










Selling
 general and administrative

237


938





993


373





666


161





896


067
472





800)


047
135)





619)


558)





867







552)


047
135)












552)


136
693)



















799
031


322
390





000
000


000
000






















































































































































This element represents the gains or losses whether arising from extinguishment of debt
 prior period adjustments
 or from other events or transactions
 that are both unusual in nature and infrequent in occurrence thereby meeting the criteria for an event or transaction to be classified as an extraordinary item. This element is gross of the related tax effect.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)





















































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.





















































































Expenditures for salaries other than officers. Does not include allocated share-based compensation
 pension and post-retirement benefit expense or other labor-related non-salary expense. For commercial and industrial companies
 excludes any direct and overhead labor that is included in cost of goods sold.




























Aggregate cash discounts given by the entity for goods sold to customers including
 but not limited to
 early payments of accounts due. For example
 selling terms of 2/10, net 30 entitle a customer to a 2% discount for prompt payment within 10 days
 otherwise full payment is expected in 30 days. Discounts are a deduction from gross revenue in arriving at net revenue.




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











552)


136
693)



















993


373












721


877)





237


762)





577


900





111)


235





716)


026





851)


798)












289


645





289


645












709


333





785)







738









724







589





301)


517)





000)







024)


129





024


024)







024



















619


820














000
































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.













































































































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.





















































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.















































































































































The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.




























The net cash inflow or outflow from the excess drawing from an existing cash balance
 which will be honored by the bank but reflected as a loan to the drawer.






















































































The cash outflow for the payment of a long-term borrowing made from a related party where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates.




























Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]









The Company and
Nature of Business

Inc. (the &#34;Company&#34; or &#34;Pacific Ventures&#34;) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on October
3
 1986
 under the name AOA Corporation. On November 12
 1991
 the Company changed its name to American Eagle Group
 Inc. On October&#160;22
2012
 the Company changed its name to Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.


 2015
Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc. and its stockholders entered into a share exchange agreement with Sn&#246;bar Holdings
 Inc. (&#34;Sn&#246;bar
Holdings&#34;)
 pursuant to which Pacific Ventures acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of Sn&#246;bar Holdings'
Class A and Class B common stock in exchange for 22
500
000 restricted shares of Pacific Ventures' common stock while simultaneously
issuing 2
500
000 shares of Pacific Ventures' restricted common stock to certain other persons.


represents a change in control of the Company and a change in business operations.&#160; The business operations will change to
that of Sn&#246;bar Holdings.


Inc. (&#34;Sn&#246;bar Holdings&#34;) was formed in the State of Delaware on January 7

Trust
 a California
trust (&#34;Trust&#34;)
 which was formed in June 1
 2013. The current trustee that holds legal title to the Trust is Clark Rutledge
who is the father of Shannon Masjedi
The
Trust owns 100% of the shares of International Production Impex Corporation
 a California corporation (&#34;IPIC&#34;)
 which
was formed on August 2

 and holds

As such

 permitting IPIC to sell its product
to distributors
 with all income
 expense
 gains and losses rolling up to the Trust
 of which Sn&#246;bar Holdings is the sole

Distributors
 Inc.




 liabilities and any income received
from the business of the Trust and IPIC through the Trust and is the parent company of MGD.


are considered variable interest entities (&#34;VIEs&#34;) and Sn&#246;bar Holdings is identified as the primary beneficiary
of the Trust and IPIC. Under ASC 810
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings performs ongoing reassessments of whether it is the primary beneficiary
of a VIE. As the assessment of Sn&#246;bar Holdings' management is that Sn&#246;bar Holdings has the power to direct the activities
of a VIE that most significantly impact the VIE's activities (it is responsible for establishing and operating IPIC)
 and the obligation
to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE and the right to receive benefits from the VIE that
could potentially be significant to the VIE's economic performance
 it was therefore concluded by management that Sn&#246;bar Holdings
is the primary beneficiary of the Trust and IPIC. As such
 the Trust and IPIC were consolidated in the financial statements of
Sn&#246;bar Holdings since the inception of the Trust
 in the case of the Trust
 and since the inception of Sn&#246;bar Holdings
in the case of IPIC.



statements include the accounts of Pacific Ventures
 Inc.
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings and its subsidiaries
 in which Sn&#246;bar Holdings
has a controlling voting interest and entities consolidated under the variable interest entities (&#34;VIE&#34;) provisions of
ASC 810
 &#34;Consolidation&#34; (&#34;ASC 810&#34;). Inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated upon consolidation.


the provisions of ASC 810 which provides a framework for identifying VIEs and determining when a company should include the assets
liabilities
 non-controlling interests and results of activities of a VIE in its consolidated financial statements.


 a VIE
is a corporation
 partnership
 limited-liability corporation
 trust
 or any other legal structure used to conduct activities or
hold assets that either (1) has an insufficient amount of equity to carry out its principal activities without additional subordinated
financial support
 (2)&#160;has a group of equity owners that is unable to make significant decisions about its activities
 (3)&#160;has
a group of equity owners that does not have the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive returns generated by its operations
or (4) the voting rights of some investors are not proportional to their obligations to absorb the expected losses of the entity
their rights to receive the expected residual returns of the entity
 or both and substantially all of the entity's activities (for
example
 providing financing or buying assets) either involve or are conducted on behalf of an investor that has disproportionately
fewer voting rights.


VIE to be consolidated by the party with an ownership
 contractual or other financial interest in the VIE (a variable interest
holder) that has both of the following characteristics: a) the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly
impact the VIE's economic performance and b) the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to
the VIE
 or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE.


of a variable interest
entity (VIE) and the VIE are under common control
 the primary beneficiary shall initially measure the assets
 liabilities
 and
non-controlling interests of the VIE at amounts at which they are carried in the accounts of the reporting entity that controls


interest holder is not required to consolidate but in which it has a significant variable interest.








The entire disclosure for the nature of an entity's business
 major products or services
 principal markets including location
 and the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination
 including but not limited to
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings. For an entity that has not commenced principal operations
 disclosures about the risks and uncertainties related to the activities in which the entity is currently engaged and an understanding of what those activities are being directed toward.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015








2.&#160; SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES

 - The consolidated
financial statements include Pacific Ventures
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings
 Inc. a Delaware corporation
(&#34;Sn&#246;bar Holdings&#34;)
 MAS Global Distributors
 Inc.
 a California corporation (&#34;MGD&#34;)
 International Production
Impex Corporation
 a California corporation (&#34;IPIC&#34;)
 and Snobar Trust
 a California trust (&#34;Trust&#34;)
 which
was established to hold IPIC
 which in turn holds liquor licenses. All inter-company accounts have been eliminated during consolidation.&#160;
See the discussion in Note 1 above for variable interest entity treatment of the Trust and IPIC.

 - The preparation of
financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of
the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
from those estimates.

 - Sales revenues
are generally recognized when an agreement exists and price is determinable
 the products are shipped to the customers or services
are rendered
 net of discounts
 returns and allowance and collectability is reasonably assured.

&#150;
The Company's shipping costs are all recorded as operating expenses for all periods presented.

 - The Company considers
highly liquid instruments with original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.

 - Accounts receivable
are stated at net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts. The allowance
is calculated based upon the level of past due accounts and the relationship with and financial status of our customers. The Company
did not write off any bad debt during the nine months ended September 30
 2015 and the year ended December 31
 2014
 and thus has
not set an allowance for doubtful accounts.

 - Inventories are stated
at the lower of cost or market value. Cost has been determined using the first-in
 first-out method. Inventory quantities on-hand
are regularly reviewed
 and where necessary
 reserves for excess and unusable inventories are recorded. Inventory consists of finished
goods and includes ice cream
 popsicles and the related packaging materials.

 - Deferred taxes are provided
on an asset and liability method whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and operating
loss carry forwards and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the
difference between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax basis. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation
allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will
not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date
of enactment.


- Income/ (loss) per share of common stock is calculated by dividing the net income/ (loss) by the weighted average number of shares
of common stock outstanding during the period. The Company has no potentially dilutive securities. Accordingly
 basic and dilutive
income (loss) per common share are the same.

 - Property and
equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and includes expenditures that substantially increase the useful lives
of existing property and equipment. Maintenance
 repairs
 and minor renovations are expensed as incurred. Upon sale or retirement
of property and equipment
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are eliminated from the respective accounts and the resulting
gain or loss is included in the results of operations. The Company provides for depreciation of property and equipment using the
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives or the term of the lease
 as appropriate. The estimated useful lives are as
follows: vehicles
 five years; office furniture and equipment
 three to fifteen years; equipment
 three years.

- The carrying amounts of Pacific Ventures' financial instruments
 which include cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 and
accrued expenses are representative of their fair values due to the short-term maturity of these instruments.

 - Financial
instruments that potentially subject Pacific Ventures to concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash and accounts receivable.
The Company maintains cash balances at financial institutions within the United States which are insured by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation (&#34;FDIC&#34;) up to limits of approximately $250
000. The Company has not experienced any losses with
regard to its bank accounts and believes it is not exposed to any risk of loss on its cash bank accounts.


2015 and 2014
 approximately 51% and 20% of total sales were to two distributors
 respectively.


 2014
 99%
 of accounts receivable
were from one distributor.&#160; There was no accounts receivable as of September 30
 2015.

 - The Company expenses
Advertising costs incurred amounted to $35
428 and $41
509
for the nine months ended September 30
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.

 - The Company
considers revenue recognition and the valuation of accounts receivable
 allowance for doubtful accounts
 and inventory and reserves
as its significant accounting policies. Some of these policies require management to make estimates and assumptions that may affect
the reported amounts in Pacific Ventures' financial statements.

In
June 2009
 the FASB established the Accounting Standards Codification (&#34;Codification&#34; or &#34;ASC&#34;) as the source
of authoritative accounting principles recognized by the FASB to be applied by nongovernmental entities in the preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (&#34;GAAP&#34;).&#160; Rules and
interpretive releases of the Securities and Exchange Commission (&#34;SEC&#34;) issued under authority of federal securities
laws are also sources of GAAP for SEC registrants.&#160; Existing GAAP was not intended to be changed as a result of the Codification
and accordingly the change did not impact our financial statements.&#160; The ASC does change the way the guidance is organized
and presented.


 FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update (&#34;ASU&#34;) No. 2015-03
 &#34;Interest &#150; Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation
of Debt Issuance Costs&#34;
&#160; to simplify presentation of debt issuance costs by requiring that debt issuance costs related
to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability
consistent with debt discounts. The ASU does not affect the recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs. For public
companies
 the ASU is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015
 and interim
periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted. We are currently reviewing the provisions of this ASU to determine
if there will be any impact on our results of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.


 FASB issued ASU No. 2015-04
&#34;Compensation &#150; Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Practical Expedient for the Measurement Date of an Employer's Defined
Benefit Obligation and Plan Assets&#34;
&#160; which permits the entity to measure defined benefit plan assets and obligations
using the month-end that is closest to the entity's fiscal year-end and apply that practical expedient consistently from year to
year. The ASU is effective for public business entities for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December
15
 2015
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted. We are currently reviewing the provisions
of this ASU to determine if there will be any impact on our results of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.


 FASB issued ASU No. 2015-05
&#34;Intangibles &#150; Goodwill and Other &#150; Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer's Accounting for Fees Paid
in a Cloud Computing Arrangement&#34;
 which provides guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes
a software license. If such includes a software license
 then the customer should account for the software license element of the
arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If the arrangement does not include a software license
the customer should account for it as a service contract. For public business entities
 the ASU is effective for annual periods
including interim periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December 15
 2015. Early application is permitted. We are
currently reviewing the provisions of this ASU to determine if there will be any impact on our results of operations
 cash flows
or financial condition.


 FASB issued ASU No. 2015-06
&#34;Earnings Per Share (Topic 260): Effects on Historical Earnings per Unit of Master Limited Partnership Dropdown Transactions&#34;
which specifies that
 for purposes of calculating historical earnings per unit under the two-class method
 the earnings (losses)
of a transferred business before the date of a drop down transaction should be allocated entirely to the general partner. In that
circumstance
 the previously reported earnings per unit of the limited partners (which is typically the earnings per unit measure
presented in the financial statements) would not change as a result of the dropdown transaction. Qualitative disclosures about
how the rights to the earnings (losses) differ before and after the dropdown transaction occurs for purposes of computing earnings
per unit under the two-class method also are required. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015
and interim periods within those fiscal years. Earlier application is permitted. We are currently reviewing the provisions of this
ASU to determine if there will be any impact on our results of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.


 FASB issued ASU No. 2014-10
&#34;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements
 Including an Amendment to
Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810
 Consolidation&#34;. The update removes all incremental financial reporting requirements
from GAAP for development stage entities
 including the removal of Topic 915 from the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. In
addition
 the update adds an example disclosure in Risks and Uncertainties (Topic 275) to illustrate one way that an entity that
has not begun planned principal operations could provide information about the risks and uncertainties related to the company's
current activities. Furthermore
 the update removes an exception provided to development stage entities in Consolidations (Topic
810) for determining whether an entity is a variable interest entity-which may change the consolidation analysis
 consolidation
decision
 and disclosure requirements for a company that has an interest in a company in the development stage. The update is effective
for the annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
 including interim periods therein. Early application is permitted&#160;
with the first annual reporting period or interim period for which the entity's financial statements have not yet been issued (Public
business entities) or made available for issuance (other entities). Our company adopted this pronouncement for year ended December
31
 2014.


 FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12
&#34;Compensation &#150; Stock Compensation (Topic 718); Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide
That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period&#34;. The amendments in this ASU apply to all reporting
entities that grant their employees share-based payments in which the terms of the award provide that a performance target that
affects vesting could be achieved after the requisite service period. The amendments require that a performance target that affects
vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. A reporting entity
should apply existing guidance in Topic 718 as it relates to awards with performance conditions that affect vesting to account
for such awards. For all entities
 the amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods and interim periods within those
annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015. Earlier adoption is permitted. Entities may apply the amendments in this ASU
either (a) prospectively to all awards granted or modified after the effective date or (b) retrospectively to all awards with performance
targets that are outstanding as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements and to all
new or modified awards thereafter. If retrospective transition is adopted
 the cumulative effect of applying this Update as of
the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements should be recognized as an adjustment to the
opening retained earnings balance at that date. Additionally
 if retrospective transition is adopted
 an entity may use hindsight
in measuring and recognizing the compensation cost. This updated guidance is not expected to have a material impact on our results
of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.&#160; We are currently reviewing the provisions of this ASU to determine if there
will be any impact on our results of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.

 the
FASB issued ASU 2014-15 on &#34;Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) &#150; Disclosure of Uncertainties
about an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern&#34;. Currently
 there is no guidance in U.S. GAAP about management's
responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern or to provide
related footnote disclosures. The amendments in this Update provide that guidance. In doing so
 the amendments are intended to
reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments require management to assess an entity's ability
to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards.
Specifically
 the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term substantial doubt
 (2) require an evaluation every reporting
period including interim periods
 (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating effect of management's plans
 (4) require
certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management's plans
 (5) require an express
statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated
 and (6) require an assessment for a period of one year
after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). We are currently reviewing the provisions
of this ASU to determine if there will be any impact on our results of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.


which are not yet effective have been deemed either immaterial or not applicable.


and determined these have no current applicability to the Company or their effect on the financial statements would not have been
significant.














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]









financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As shown in the accompanying consolidated
financial statements
 the Company has incurred a net loss of $64
552 for the year ended December 31
 2015
 and has an accumulated
deficit of $4
870
645 as of December 31
 2015.


as a going concern
 the Company will need
 among other things
 additional capital resources. The Company is significantly dependent
upon its ability
 and will continue to attempt
 to secure equity and/or additional debt financing. There are no assurances that
the Company will be successful and without sufficient financing it would be unlikely for the Company to continue as a going concern.


financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets
 or the
amounts of and classification of liabilities that might be necessary in the event the Company cannot continue in existence. These
conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. These audited consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might arise from this uncertainty.




































The entire disclosure when substantial doubt is raised about the ability to continue as a going concern. Includes
 but is not limited to
 principal conditions or events that raised substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern
 management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the ability to meet its obligations
 and management's plans that alleviated or are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015












 2015 and 2014
consisted of the following:



    
    
December 31
 2015
    
    
December 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
2
020.34
    
    
    
58
256
    





































The entire disclosure for inventory. This may include
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 c








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





5 PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT


Dec. 31
 2015

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]




PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT


5.&#160; PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT


 plant and
equipment at December 31
 2015 and 2014
 consisted of:



    
    
December 31
 2015
    
    
December 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
15
985.53
    
    
    
15
985.53
    

    
    
    
39
152.82
    
    
    
106
069.29
    

    
    
    
15
686.82
    
    
    
15
686.82
    

    
    
    
6
000.00
    
    
    
6
000.00
    

    
    
    
2
901.07
    
    
    
2
901.07
    

    
    
    
5
814.00
    
    
    
5
814.00
    

    
    
    
1
527.95
    
    
    
1
527.95
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(51
237.67
    
    
    
(47
244.66
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
35
830.52
    
    
    
106
740.00
    



for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014 was $3
993.01 and $166
373 respectively.




































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015











December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company had accrued expenses of $189
433 and $891
532
 respectively. During July 2015
 Sn&#246;bar
Holding issued 350
000 shares of class A common stock for $225
000 of accrued payroll liabilities. In September of 2015
 Sn&#246;bar
Holding's officers with the board of directors' approval
 forgave an additional $600
000 of accrued payroll liabilities.&#160;
This amount was considered forgiveness of debt by a related party and the entire $600
000 was recorded in prior period adjustment
towards a reduction of accumulated deficit.









The entire disclosure for accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 and other liabilities that are classified as current at the end of the reporting period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015











for income taxes under the asset and liability method
 which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for
the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements.&#160; Under this method
 deferred
tax assets and liabilities are determined on the basis of the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets
and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse.




































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015








8.&#160; &#160;
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS


 MGD
entered into an unsecured promissory note with an officer and shareholder.&#160; The note had a principal balance of $150
000 with
an interest rate of 3% and has a maturity date of December 31
 2017.&#160; The balance of the note at December 31
 2015 and 2014
was $28
292 and $125
000 respectively.


MGD entered into an unsecured promissory note with a shareholder.&#160; The note had an original principal balance of $30
000 with
an interest rate of 8% and a maturity date of August&#160;1
 2014. &#160;The interest rate has been changed to 2% and the lender
agreed to make all interest retroactive and deferred to maturity date of December 31
 2018.&#160; The note's balance was $25
000
as of December&#160;31
 2015 and 2014.


entered into a promissory note agreement with a relative and former officer to purchase all shares and interests in IPIC
 including
liquor licenses
 for $500
000.&#160; The note bears no interest and payments are due in five installments of $100
000 due each
year beginning on December 31
 2013 and going through December 31
 2017.&#160; The entire purchase price of $500
000 was expensed
in 2013.&#160; As of December&#160;31
 2015 and 2014
 the balance on the note $219
522 and $299
522
 respectively.


 2013
Sn&#246;bar Holdings entered into an unsecured promissory note with a shareholder.&#160; The note had a principal balance of $10
000
with an interest rate of 5% and an original maturity date of March 14
 2014.&#160; The maturity date has been extended to December&#160;31
2019
 and interest rate has been reduced to 2%.&#160; Lender also agreed to make all interest retroactive and deferred.&#160; The
note had an outstanding balance of $6
000 as of December&#160;31
 2015 and 2014.


 2013
MGD entered into an unsecured promissory note with a shareholder.&#160; The note had a principal balance of $86
821 with an original
interest rate of 5%
 and an original maturity date of March 14
 2014.&#160; Maturity date has been extended to December 31
 2019
and interest rate has been reduced to 2%
 and lender agreed to make all interest retroactive and deferred.&#160; The balance of
the note was $86
821 as of December&#160;31
 2015 and 2014.


 2013
Sn&#246;bar Holdings entered into an unsecured promissory note with a shareholder.&#160; The note had a principal balance of $15
000
with an original interest rate of 5%.&#160; Maturity date has been extended to December 31
 2018
 and interest rate has been reduced
to 2%
 and lender agreed to make all interest retroactive and deferred.&#160;&#160; The balance of the note was $15
000 as of December&#160;31
2015 and 2014.


 2014
Sn&#246;bar Holdings entered into an unsecured promissory note with a shareholder.&#160; The note had a principal balance of $20
000
with an interest rate of 8% and a maturity date of 30 days from execution of the note.&#160; The maturity date was extended to
February&#160;1
 2017.&#160; As of December 31
 2014
 the balance of the notes was $20
000.&#160; The note was converted to 100
000
shares common stock on July 15
 2015
 leaving a balance of $0 as of December 31
 2015.


December 31
 2014
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings entered into unsecured promissory notes with an entity owned by a shareholder.&#160; The
notes had a total principal balance of $16
000 with an interest rate of 2% and were due on demand.&#160; Maturity date has been
modified to December 31
 2019
 and lender agreed to make all interest retroactive and deferred.&#160; The balance of the notes
were $16
000 as of December&#160;31
 2015 and 2014.


 2012
Sn&#246;bar Holdings entered into a secured promissory note with a shareholder.&#160; The note had a principal balance of $10
000
with no interest rate.&#160; The note is due upon demand.&#160; The balance of the note was $10
000 as of December&#160;31
 2015
and 2014.


2015
 an officer has advanced $ 5
325 to IPIC to pay for operating expenses.














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015











 2013
Sn&#246;bar Holdings entered into an unsecured promissory note.&#160; The note had a principle balance of $100
000 with an interest
rate of 6% and maturity date of February 9
 2014.&#160; During 2014
 an additional $60
000 was borrowed for a total balance of
$160
000. In 2014
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings issued 111
328 shares of its Class A Common Stock to pay off the entire principal balance
along with accrued interest.


MGD entered into a secured promissory note with a principal balance of $10
000. The note was secured by interests in tangible and
intangible property of MGD.&#160; The Company is to make payments of $181 each business day (Monday through Friday) until the loan
is paid off.&#160; The effective interest rate on the note is 137%.&#160; The note has been paid and the outstanding balance is
$1000 as of December 31
 2015 and 2014.


 2014
MGD entered into a secured promissory note with a principal balance of $23
000.&#160; The note was secured by MGD future sales
and accounts receivable totaling $31
970.&#160;&#160; The Company was to remit 2% of revenues and accounts receivables daily until
the entire balance of $31
970 has been received.&#160; The outstanding balance on the notes was paid off by other financing and
has a balance of $0 as of December 31
 2015.


 2014
 Sn&#246;bar
Holdings entered into a secured convertible promissory note with a principal balance of $500
000.&#160; The note was secured by
interests in cash
 accounts receivable
 other receivables
 inventory
 supplies
 other assets of Sn&#246;bar Holdings including
general intangibles and rights of each liquor license owned by SnoBar Trust.&#160; The note has an interest rate of 10% and an
original maturity date of December 31
 2015.&#160; The Company was to make interest only payments beginning July 1
 2014.&#160;
The lender determined Sn&#246;bar Holdings to be in default and on January 29
 2015
 entered into a mutually agreed loan modification.&#160;
The agreement increased the principal balance of the note as of December 31
 2014 to $527
333 and all interest due and payable
was deemed to have been paid and the conversion rights of the note were removed. &#160;The modification also removed and deleted
in its entirety
 all secured interests in cash
 accounts receivable
 other receivables
 inventory
 supplies
 and other assets of
Sn&#246;bar Holdings
 including intangibles
 and rights of each liquor license owned by Sn&#246;bar Trust.



was December 31
 2015 if Sn&#246;bar Holdings is not in default
 the maturity date of the note should automatically be extended
to December 31
 2016 (&#34;First Extended Maturity Date&#34;). Commencing on January 1
 2016
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings will make
monthly payments of $15
000 until the First Extended Maturity Date.&#160; Assuming Sn&#246;bar Holdings is not in default with
respect to its obligations as of the First Extended Maturity Date
 the note shall automatically be extended to December 31
 2017
(&#34;Second Extended Maturity Date&#34;).&#160; Commencing on January 1
 2017
 the monthly payments will be increased to $25
000
for every month until the Second Extended Maturity Date.&#160; All accrued but unpaid interest
 charges and the remaining principal
balance of the note is fully due and payable on the Second Extended Maturity Date.&#160; The balance of the note as of December
31
 2015 and 2014 is $527
333.


 2014
 IPIC entered into a
secured promissory note with a principal balance of $15
000.&#160; The note was secured by interests in all accounts
 cash
 deposit
accounts
 documents
 equipment
 general intangibles and inventory of International Production IMPEX Corp.&#160; The Company was
to make daily payments of $163 until the entire balance was paid off for an estimated total payment of $20
550.&#160; The effective
interest rate on the note was 192%.&#160; This loan was purchased by the lender mentioned in the paragraph above and the outstanding
balance is $0 as of December 31
 2015 and 2014.








The entire disclosure for debt and capital lease obligations can be reported. Information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants. Also includes descriptions and amounts of capital leasing arrangements that consist of direct financing
 sales type and leveraged leases. Disclosure may include the effect on the balance sheet and the income statement resulting from a change in lease classification for leases that at inception would have been classified differently had guidance been in effect at the inception of the original lease.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015








10.&#160; &#160;
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY




 2015
Sn&#246;bar Holdings entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (&#34;Exchange Agreement&#34;) with Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.
a Delaware corporation (&#34;Pacific Ventures&#34;)
 and Sn&#246;bar Holdings' shareholders (&#34;Sn&#246;bar Shareholders&#34;)
who hold of record (i) at least 99% and up to 100% of the total issued and outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock and (ii)&#160;100%
of the total issued and outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock. In accordance with the terms and provisions of the Exchange
Agreement
 Pacific Ventures shall acquire (i) at least 99% and up to 100% of the total issued and outstanding shares of Sn&#246;bar
Holdings' Class A Common Stock and (ii) 100% of the total issued and outstanding shares of Sn&#246;bar Holdings' Class B Common
Stock from Sn&#246;bar Holdings' Shareholders
 thus making Sn&#246;bar Holdings a majority-owned or wholly-owned subsidiary
 in
exchange for the issuance to the Sn&#246;bar Shareholders of at least 22
285
000 and up to 22
500
000 shares of restricted common
stock of Pacific Ventures for each share of common stock of Sn&#246;bar while simultaneously issuing 2
500
000 shares of restricted
common stock of Pacific Ventures to certain other persons.


500
000 shares of restricted common
stock were issued for the following:


000 shares of restricted common stock&#160;were
issued for services for a total of $326
900 of non-cash expenses.


1
000
000 shares of restricted common stock in exchange for his 1
000
000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock.


000 shares of restricted common stock
were issued to extinguish $21
675 of debt due to an officer and shareholder of Pacific Ventures.&#160;


authorized October 2006 for up to 10
000
000 shares.&#160; Under the rights
 preferences and privileges of the Series E Preferred
Stock
 the holders of the preferred stock receive a 10 to 1 voting preference over common stock.&#160; Accordingly
 for every share
of Series E Preferred Stock held
 the holder received the voting rights equal to 10 shares of common stock.&#160; The Series E
Preferred Stock is not convertible into any other class of stock of the Company and has no preferences to&#160;dividends or liquidation
rights.&#160;&#160; As of December 31
 2015 there are 1
000
000 shares of Preferred Class E Stock issued and outstanding.


October 22
 2012&#160;for up to 100
000
000 shares
 par value $0.001 per share.&#160; Common Stock shareholders get one vote per
share.&#160; As of December 31
 2015
 there were 25
799
031 shares of Common Stock outstanding.




































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e))








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





11 COMMITMENTS
 CONTINGENCIES AND UNCERTAINTIES


Dec. 31
 2015






COMMITMENTS
 CONTINGENCIES AND UNCERTAINTIES

11. COMMITMENTS
 CONTINGENCIES AND UNCERTAINTIES



machinery and equipment in 2014 and 2013 under an agreement that is classified as a capital lease.&#160; The cost of equipment
under capital leases is included in the balance sheets as property
 plant and equipment and was $0 and $0 at December 31
 2015
and 2014
 respectively.&#160; Accumulated depreciation of the leased equipment at December 31
 2015 and 2014 was $0 and $0
 respectively.



obligated under two operating leases for office spaces and associated building expenses.&#160; Both leases are on a month to month
basis.


December 31
 2015 and 2014
 International Production and MGD had rent expense of $9360 and $9360 respectively.














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015








12.&#160;&#160;
SUBSEQUENT EVENTS


accounting and disclosure requirements for subsequent events. ASC 855 details the period after the balance sheet date during which
we should evaluate events or transactions that occur for potential recognition or disclosure in the financial statements
 the circumstances
under which we should recognize events or transactions occurring after the balance sheet date in its financial statements and the
required disclosures for such events. We have evaluated all subsequent events through the date these consolidated financial statements
were issued
 and determined the following are material to disclose:


Snobar Holdings went into default on the note payable to JRSR26.&#160; The company decided to try to renegotiate the repayment
terms of the modification in order to not put financial pressure on the company.





































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







 - The consolidated
financial statements include Pacific Ventures
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings
 Inc. a Delaware corporation
(&#34;Sn&#246;bar Holdings&#34;)
 MAS Global Distributors
 Inc.
 a California corporation (&#34;MGD&#34;)
 International Production
Impex Corporation
 a California corporation (&#34;IPIC&#34;)
 and Snobar Trust
 a California trust (&#34;Trust&#34;)
 which
was established to hold IPIC
 which in turn holds liquor licenses. All inter-company accounts have been eliminated during consolidation.&#160;
See the discussion in Note 1 above for variable interest entity treatment of the Trust and IPIC.




 - The preparation of
financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of
the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
from those estimates.




 - Sales revenues
are generally recognized when an agreement exists and price is determinable
 the products are shipped to the customers or services
are rendered
 net of discounts
 returns and allowance and collectability is reasonably assured.




&#150;
The Company's shipping costs are all recorded as operating expenses for all periods presented.




 - The Company considers
highly liquid instruments with original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.




 - Accounts receivable
are stated at net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts. The allowance
is calculated based upon the level of past due accounts and the relationship with and financial status of our customers. The Company
did not write off any bad debt during the nine months ended September 30
 2015 and the year ended December 31
 2014
 and thus has
not set an allowance for doubtful accounts.




 - Inventories are stated
at the lower of cost or market value. Cost has been determined using the first-in
 first-out method. Inventory quantities on-hand
are regularly reviewed
 and where necessary
 reserves for excess and unusable inventories are recorded. Inventory consists of finished
goods and includes ice cream
 popsicles and the related packaging materials.




 - Deferred taxes are provided
on an asset and liability method whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and operating
loss carry forwards and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the
difference between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax basis. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation
allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will
not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date
of enactment.





- Income/ (loss) per share of common stock is calculated by dividing the net income/ (loss) by the weighted average number of shares
of common stock outstanding during the period. The Company has no potentially dilutive securities. Accordingly
 basic and dilutive
income (loss) per common share are the same.




 - Property and
equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and includes expenditures that substantially increase the useful lives
of existing property and equipment. Maintenance
 repairs
 and minor renovations are expensed as incurred. Upon sale or retirement
of property and equipment
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are eliminated from the respective accounts and the resulting
gain or loss is included in the results of operations. The Company provides for depreciation of property and equipment using the
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives or the term of the lease
 as appropriate. The estimated useful lives are as
follows: vehicles
 five years; office furniture and equipment
 three to fifteen years; equipment
 three years.





- The carrying amounts of Pacific Ventures' financial instruments
 which include cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 and
accrued expenses are representative of their fair values due to the short-term maturity of these instruments.




 - Financial
instruments that potentially subject Pacific Ventures to concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash and accounts receivable.
The Company maintains cash balances at financial institutions within the United States which are insured by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation (&#34;FDIC&#34;) up to limits of approximately $250
000. The Company has not experienced any losses with
regard to its bank accounts and believes it is not exposed to any risk of loss on its cash bank accounts.


2015 and 2014
 approximately 51% and 20% of total sales were to two distributors
 respectively.


 2014
 99%
 of accounts receivable
were from one distributor.&#160; There was no accounts receivable as of September 30
 2015.




 - The Company expenses
Advertising costs incurred amounted to $35
428 and $41
509
for the nine months ended September 30
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.




 - The Company
considers revenue recognition and the valuation of accounts receivable
 allowance for doubtful accounts
 and inventory and reserves
as its significant accounting policies. Some of these policies require management to make estimates and assumptions that may affect
the reported amounts in Pacific Ventures' financial statements.




In
June 2009
 the FASB established the Accounting Standards Codification (&#34;Codification&#34; or &#34;ASC&#34;) as the source
of authoritative accounting principles recognized by the FASB to be applied by nongovernmental entities in the preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (&#34;GAAP&#34;).&#160; Rules and
interpretive releases of the Securities and Exchange Commission (&#34;SEC&#34;) issued under authority of federal securities
laws are also sources of GAAP for SEC registrants.&#160; Existing GAAP was not intended to be changed as a result of the Codification
and accordingly the change did not impact our financial statements.&#160; The ASC does change the way the guidance is organized
and presented.


 FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update (&#34;ASU&#34;) No. 2015-03
 &#34;Interest &#150; Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation
of Debt Issuance Costs&#34;
&#160; to simplify presentation of debt issuance costs by requiring that debt issuance costs related
to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability
consistent with debt discounts. The ASU does not affect the recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs. For public
companies
 the ASU is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015
 and interim
periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted. We are currently reviewing the provisions of this ASU to determine
if there will be any impact on our results of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.


 FASB issued ASU No. 2015-04
&#34;Compensation &#150; Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Practical Expedient for the Measurement Date of an Employer's Defined
Benefit Obligation and Plan Assets&#34;
&#160; which permits the entity to measure defined benefit plan assets and obligations
using the month-end that is closest to the entity's fiscal year-end and apply that practical expedient consistently from year to
year. The ASU is effective for public business entities for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December
15
 2015
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted. We are currently reviewing the provisions
of this ASU to determine if there will be any impact on our results of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.


 FASB issued ASU No. 2015-05
&#34;Intangibles &#150; Goodwill and Other &#150; Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer's Accounting for Fees Paid
in a Cloud Computing Arrangement&#34;
 which provides guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes
a software license. If such includes a software license
 then the customer should account for the software license element of the
arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If the arrangement does not include a software license
the customer should account for it as a service contract. For public business entities
 the ASU is effective for annual periods
including interim periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December 15
 2015. Early application is permitted. We are
currently reviewing the provisions of this ASU to determine if there will be any impact on our results of operations
 cash flows
or financial condition.


 FASB issued ASU No. 2015-06
&#34;Earnings Per Share (Topic 260): Effects on Historical Earnings per Unit of Master Limited Partnership Dropdown Transactions&#34;
which specifies that
 for purposes of calculating historical earnings per unit under the two-class method
 the earnings (losses)
of a transferred business before the date of a drop down transaction should be allocated entirely to the general partner. In that
circumstance
 the previously reported earnings per unit of the limited partners (which is typically the earnings per unit measure
presented in the financial statements) would not change as a result of the dropdown transaction. Qualitative disclosures about
how the rights to the earnings (losses) differ before and after the dropdown transaction occurs for purposes of computing earnings
per unit under the two-class method also are required. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015
and interim periods within those fiscal years. Earlier application is permitted. We are currently reviewing the provisions of this
ASU to determine if there will be any impact on our results of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.


 FASB issued ASU No. 2014-10
&#34;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements
 Including an Amendment to
Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810
 Consolidation&#34;. The update removes all incremental financial reporting requirements
from GAAP for development stage entities
 including the removal of Topic 915 from the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. In
addition
 the update adds an example disclosure in Risks and Uncertainties (Topic 275) to illustrate one way that an entity that
has not begun planned principal operations could provide information about the risks and uncertainties related to the company's
current activities. Furthermore
 the update removes an exception provided to development stage entities in Consolidations (Topic
810) for determining whether an entity is a variable interest entity-which may change the consolidation analysis
 consolidation
decision
 and disclosure requirements for a company that has an interest in a company in the development stage. The update is effective
for the annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
 including interim periods therein. Early application is permitted&#160;
with the first annual reporting period or interim period for which the entity's financial statements have not yet been issued (Public
business entities) or made available for issuance (other entities). Our company adopted this pronouncement for year ended December
31
 2014.


 FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12
&#34;Compensation &#150; Stock Compensation (Topic 718); Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide
That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period&#34;. The amendments in this ASU apply to all reporting
entities that grant their employees share-based payments in which the terms of the award provide that a performance target that
affects vesting could be achieved after the requisite service period. The amendments require that a performance target that affects
vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. A reporting entity
should apply existing guidance in Topic 718 as it relates to awards with performance conditions that affect vesting to account
for such awards. For all entities
 the amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods and interim periods within those
annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015. Earlier adoption is permitted. Entities may apply the amendments in this ASU
either (a) prospectively to all awards granted or modified after the effective date or (b) retrospectively to all awards with performance
targets that are outstanding as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements and to all
new or modified awards thereafter. If retrospective transition is adopted
 the cumulative effect of applying this Update as of
the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements should be recognized as an adjustment to the
opening retained earnings balance at that date. Additionally
 if retrospective transition is adopted
 an entity may use hindsight
in measuring and recognizing the compensation cost. This updated guidance is not expected to have a material impact on our results
of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.&#160; We are currently reviewing the provisions of this ASU to determine if there
will be any impact on our results of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.

 the
FASB issued ASU 2014-15 on &#34;Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) &#150; Disclosure of Uncertainties
about an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern&#34;. Currently
 there is no guidance in U.S. GAAP about management's
responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern or to provide
related footnote disclosures. The amendments in this Update provide that guidance. In doing so
 the amendments are intended to
reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments require management to assess an entity's ability
to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards.
Specifically
 the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term substantial doubt
 (2) require an evaluation every reporting
period including interim periods
 (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating effect of management's plans
 (4) require
certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management's plans
 (5) require an express
statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated
 and (6) require an assessment for a period of one year
after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). We are currently reviewing the provisions
of this ASU to determine if there will be any impact on our results of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.


which are not yet effective have been deemed either immaterial or not applicable.


and determined these have no current applicability to the Company or their effect on the financial statements would not have been
significant.



































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
 -Section 02
 03



























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.




























The entire disclosure for the fair value of financial instruments (as defined)
 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for major classes of inventories
 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
 -Subparagraph i
 ii



























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivable
 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition for the sale of goods
 which is a transaction between an entity delivering a tangible good to a purchaser. The entity also may disclose its treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs
 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015











    
    
December 31
 2015
    
    
December 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
2
020.34
    
    
    
58
256
    





































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
 -Subparagraph a
b
c








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





5 PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Tables)


Dec. 31
 2015

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]




Property
 plant and equipment


    
    



        
    
    



        
    

    
    
    
15
986
    
    
    
15
986
    

    
    
    
478
137
    
    
    
478
137
    

    
    
    
15
687
    
    
    
15
687
    

    
    
    
6
000
    
    
    
6
000
    

    
    
    
2
901
    
    
    
2
901
    

    
    
    
5
814
    
    
    
5
814
    

    
    
    
86
403
    
    
    
86
403
    

    
    
    
1
528
    
    
    
1
528
    

    
    
    
612
456
    
    
    
612
456
    

    
    
    
(572
632
    
    
    
(402
744
    

    
    
    
39
823
    
    
    
209
711
    




































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






May. 20
 2016
Sep. 30
 2014











020


882




































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(1)
(3))








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





5 PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT -  (Details) - USD ($)
May. 20
 2016
Sep. 30
 2014


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]








986


986





153


069





687


687





000


000





901


901





814


814





528


528





238)


245)





831


740




















































































































































































Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
























































Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount
 net of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 of long-lived physical assets excluding assets held under lease agreements used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
May. 20
 2016


Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]










552)


136
693)









420
431)


870
645)







The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





5 PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Details Narrative) - USD ($)



Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]








993


373













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
May. 20
 2016













716)


026











000









000









000









000

































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











000














621


621





621







  2017














000














000


000





  2017














000







669


522





  2017






The note bears no interest and payments are due in five installments of $100
000 due each year beginning on
December 31
 2013 and going through December 31
 2017














000














000


000












121














121


121





  2017














000














000


000





  2017














000














  2017














000














000


000



















838







838



































































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt
 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Date of maturity or expiration of arrangements with a related party (for example
 but not limited to
 leasing and debt arrangements between related parties)
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.

























































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Sep. 30
 2015
Nov. 30
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014















000


















000


















328






Sn&#246;bar Holdings issued 111
328 shares of its Class A Common Stock to pay off the entire principal balance
along with accrued interest




















000
























The note was secured by interests in tangible and intangible property of MGD The Company is to make payments
of $181 each business day (Monday through Friday) until the loan is paid off.&#160; The effective interest rate on the note is
137%.&#160; The note has been paid and the outstanding balance is $0 as of September 30
 2015 and December 31
 2014.




















000









000


000




The note was secured by MGD future sales and
accounts receivable totaling $31
970.&#160;&#160; The Company is to remit 2% of revenues and accounts receivables daily until the
entire balance of $31
970 has been received.&#160; The outstanding balance on the note is $23
000 as of September 30
 2015 and
December 31
 2014.




















000
















  2015








The note was secured by interests in cash
 accounts receivable
 other receivables
 inventory
 supplies
 other
assets of Sn&#246;bar Holdings including general intangibles and rights of each liquor license owned by SnoBar Trust. The note
has an interest rate of 10% and a maturity date of December 31
 2015.&#160; The Company is to make interest only payments beginning
July 1
 2014.




















333







  2015








The lender determined Sn&#246;bar Holdings
to be in default and on January 29
 2015
 entered into a mutually agreed loan modification.&#160; The agreement increased the principal
balance of the note as of December 31
 2014 to $527
333 and all interest due and payable was deemed to have been paid and the conversion
rights of the note were removed.&#160; The maturity date is December 31
 2015 and if Sn&#246;bar Holdings is not in default
 the
maturity date of the note will automatically be extended to December 31
 2016 (&#34;First Extended Maturity Date&#34;).&#160;
Commencing on January 1
 2016
 Sn&#246;bar Holdings will make monthly payments of $15
000 until the First Extended Maturity Date.&#160;
Assuming Sn&#246;bar Holdings is not in default with respect to its obligations as of the First Extended Maturity Date
 the note
shall automatically be extended to December 31
 2017 (&#34;Second Extended Maturity Date&#34;).&#160; Commencing on January 1
2017
 the monthly payments will be increased to $25
000 for every month until the Second Extended Maturity Date.&#160; All accrued
but unpaid interest
 charges and the remaining principal balance of the note is fully due and payable on the Second Extended Maturity
Date.




















000






































































































































































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)










































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






















000





900





000
000





000
000





000





675




























































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





11 COMMITMENTS
 CONTINGENCIES AND UNCERTAINTIES (Details Narrative) - USD ($)



Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











360


360







































































/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( '=!MTA9N[QTHP$  -X3   3    6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;

M12$RR'6V5F%)ZH



M42D6I%(L3*58H$JQ4)5BP2K%PE6*!:P4UD9%K(R+&1E6,C*L)582$KPT)6
MAH6L# M9&1:RLD^RDN9OO=D[4$L#!!0    ( '=!MTA(=07NQ0   L   +
M    7W)E;'
O+G)E;'.MDLMNPD 
@%
;X[)9J4@B
WHX*[O]C\ E!+ P04     !W0;=(
MQK)]/&@!  D$@  &@   'AL+U]R96QS+W=O
:#YL
M

)VL:#MI @2A494TR2AC5&:U*X)HS7I(!-&+%)
M(9LP9I.-F'4)H5MPKA-MR$D9L4N@EC-REX$T9O5O1FC-ZLZ
V@L[9VV
;H

M5[6%?W3-M^%JT01O'^ZU/#YEG*HV3+0.PTYBQNO#/QWCU
\0\^N'U/$#4$L#

O87!P+GAM;+U6
M77/:











_@5RU2-
M9:
!$U=!)KF(M/+Y;

+$P&IG
M/U9KQ]'22(R7V4!;I)]J/3%0@R#3LZG5C.=GSVQ.V?C
K:=#1M&N#C\7@X
5



*$IY&V[I4_5*E=?EK[DHN#Q;Y.FOH70^+
_Y/%_GM
T+

MM28X2O2QS'!.'LL

5O&
M RN0HGQ


M&+SCYL=Q3E.X$G:V#P(RN;LYJ7IE



MY%#NDI &$P'-E


U_HL@6V$5#)DU1?*0XG!/3-R0]A4)?.NVB8+A=OB5
V[

)%K/]8UA[Y



?-2K6J5D

0QY@%CS#*%F.-^'19H:
]6+K#F-



0@?$8?4
UHAJ_\XIX(*92^2%J'



_YI\6!O[&<*1GB-*\5S!
N%_7\^7=C[ZW-5
M9AKSV4J;GZ^T







M'$I


MH]2Q@T&'A($/PJ71QP_I;
JR_(]V]XI'C
#V!5WZ!5#P^3PNW)[G;UWU[
M)1$4DX08A44
.DP


^1]:B=V1:5\#

&UL?59=CZ,@%/TKQA\PFJUC37I1S:[#YM
YF'WF5I:S:AT@+:S_WX!




RM5XV=
MAIZD;J:JS?OJH.](=GD4.V/%5?P'4$L#!!0    ( '=!MTA28[&G# 0  $L3



MBD*8M

PX/<JC<83PY%6KZ
M;\BL&\Z^[3#;IF_C.(OD:9;@2B+O%7M&(6Z2=+C^S02R)G*E^MXX.
E&R^G


8

22BT@K
M0R=49%%9RUMQK!5'Y[OCXS
V/J.IA ]M1E/1;O54S;E0%0AC5:2N(P\YA AB

 VH(0@- 7D 9*8-
034D


.*

M808N4[1E(PN RUC]XO''E#NJ9![0)F6:$P-
0@-+(L 4\^H.A3(?J 8@V=


J

M1$HX'5(0N9Z1M.L_4]V_U/$8E!2#)L2@9/I*I;4-E_\])P0I1!;I-3/04E;
MRWB/TG:

B8C

MC1_8X2


M



#);^KLR@E+?2]
[Z@&Q'OM/N.



J<O&R;*9LUA9]IM9T8'[
M#5H@G!!E3J)L3A1:1-DLD8WR3#%A4
D0IY#NO3\D*IP#(<7,DOHI3WX] A^)4
Y5M9FX

M_ -02P


[%EFPD@



3

O
M43-

TK6@X1/)'!5Q*[S:P9.
M95AS%
[?)]A@A6!T!D'6('R\F-:0TO$)&9_X^&0:+X
Q&3*2^JAB#3E(()*
ML QXQABG:5*2)L4T*J 9)'*2YA.  ,@'$K'E)0SHR-)'HEY@CQKB?) PID.


 2!6+F]03:_4!@



-JH 3NU#IUZ

M




M_2R+JGE:'-OV_!C'S?9HR[SYY
ZVZO[9N[K
V^ZQ/L3-N;;Y;@@JBQB%T'&9

M[RZO=F.+HJ^I:_F_J=+W-OO ^?U;[7\/Z7;V7_+&;ESQ_;1KCYU;L8AV=I]?





BTBQ'[FZTDTSSP51@96#?*\0\H[ .$GA'0K-0:30$L\QY#AF/13
^C<8.+;T72-)AHP-&@\Y%A(?AT1N;5





._-FV'(1S2OM@5PY$VKSAYHZUR_9\R6+6AA

MKP!L2A1E/@@GBMS@2

Y8=[SS0JWWGHN4ISD[!Z(YYCC%
M\'7



1 ?4CN
M-OMC%B)BP+. P2[.)&@_(;X&XU]U2-(@ 224+C!POYWA'J0
1#[QVX7S*V4





MO%XGR%8)LDB0?2.X^5'B6LSMCR1TT5
%IHFC8TF)O8Z#NO#.TWG'XIM\A1=Y

M+W-H965T.YX;6QU4\%NW 0_17$!P0ONTG;E==2-E64'I%.;1GUA[;*,X



H

M*_^*PQ-

M77A1Y!8'8L?6=B*^X&;/0R/*Z$QUI[L@U 7ON=CP;SD[1Z(IYCC&\&7
'
$
M^YRKZ4X\G_@?!V^756X3?#M)X7_(=BM$NP2P6Y)L
VN2ER+N2Z2+7JJP39I

EN;BEIP_^9


M5J-

;O^=F88D3S8CL 1]Z4
MU/:8=


P#X052AM74@W6H;I$J+XV[0+
M'?=QNLG8#-L&L!G %L!=&H5/B:+

MH=9[+^4N8P6]!*(YYC3%L'7

MA;;DC
!3+I_

MN-_.\ A2!B*?^._
^9DR -?G_O/6*U7?^(6'E&^BMIU7FQ20T-'Z1[QO$7



8

$%     @ =T&W2 S0J0ZA 0  L0

N
M=-S'Z2;+9M@V@

\W

MH2TYH?

/?S;32$V&P_[R099?6OX'4$L#

M=#$R+GAM;&U3P6[D( S]%90/*!F2::M1)E*GJ]7N8:6JA_;
)$ZC@+9-+]


S90NSU?VG[%:K_[,+3RB?!6UZ[S8-$U-'R0[AG'

/6

9S@<6W^0SOQZWL(?;EJA+3FC\R\;^]\@.O!2TIM]0CK_?Q9#
39%C
M[Z30\&B([97BYOT$$H<CW=KXTDTK0L.5N1LQE5@;8-3%0'^GMYG#*0D0

69!.UGQ)=@_*V.- D20$+I @/WVP7N0




?_FS&D1H-A]WU@\R_M/@ 4$L#




@I O_9S$4

U&1[[VP=9?FGY'U!+ P04     !W0;=(#;[3_J(!  Q P



MX%7 8!=G$K2?$-^\50=DC1(  FEPS


N]!Q





M4/MX_!;.=ARIT?#873_(_$N+=U!+ P04     !W0;=(0H6H4*(!  Q P



PSY@.;%M@.OJI


MX)^ P2[.)&@_([X$XT]U3-(@ 224+C!POUW@ :0
1#[Q_XGS(V4 +L]7]E^Q
M6J_^ST\H'P6E6N]V#0A%=2\E^X)A]\PE; +A5*&U=2]M:AND(2HOCKN L=


M-T2J1WX*1

;GW=/
'QC[T
\5]$C.M7QG_0]ZG<-2&^:L%N;3R\]LN96XGL-^1RN56NN_?!F&5_+





MPLO9N35'B


Z6X^7<B<

CIC*N$ FT%:F*@/B;W
MF\-I&R)BP)N P2[.)&@_([X'X[DZ)FF0 !)*%QBXWR[P %(&(I_X8^+\3AF
BBIPI
$T?'DA)['0=UX9VG\WY\D^_P
M(N]X W^X:82VY(S.OVSL?XWHP$M);VX3TOK_


M='

YX;6QM4\%NY 




6P


@$/T5

.9P12]
ML6^N!?#H74GM]KCUOML1XJH6%'=WI@

+

3AF8T6[3R&;3=;+=TX87
YMOQ

O

BYX;6R%EEV3FR 4AO^*XWT7$?$C8YQI['3:B\[L[$5[31(2G56Q

^?

MU)

):AL0!D$

^!

MD#&(%@2)M8Y1DQA--VIPEEJK+;=4YC(1

M9VX:[*3!#IK



R'?50V@
MO0_.6K7S:ZV[+4(JKX%3]20Z:,U.*22GVBQEA50G@1:.Q!G09 @3IO6SU(7


M*7I/#C^OH_:
A%MB6IW;H.NLVS.M49ZR70I.ABA4;

BH3RGP
M6HH]?J#C^P2'1T04W$..*Y!U#]%JF9&C1_
2

HR3Y^I^*XE5#\8.A)%PDBA\3Q00')%H CRM \KP)C/F%


MM#GT[FB60F@P/H

3F?T#4$L#!!0

M+GAM;'U4VVZC



O
OQ

OE+^SF6EK/1=I_)3CLQ.:


]@L3K'LAJ$L3SR3) LET7V*P*;+S 9B'P
ME-P4(4V'B)C

MC?U@!R;T]U6FR'O:P$^JFDYH=)+&]HY_X5I* S;*^.$Q0JT=Z?G H#9NN[5[
M%;H\'(SL+S
[_SB*OU!+ P04     !W0;=(J[KHU!T   Z!@  &0   'AL









M P2TXL=D;


7Y8S




?/MN.P^MWZ]]-N
WPGY-*;73V)]W5QV:T






M/31[('/P\R%?+4[)0?U*RD-:5

K_U!+ P04     !W0;=(M*AZ_#0#   *#P
M&0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970R-RYX;6R-5]MNHS 0_17$!Q1\@Z0B
MD9I6J]V'E:H^[#[3Q$E0 6?!:;I_O\80FN#C;/O0@#DSQQ[/F=%D)]6\M7LI
M=?!1E76[/=:'^ZCJ%WO996W=^H@:_-EJYHJU^:UV47MH9'YQAI5943C.(FJ

M^2C+LO-DF/\


M8*

0]D2=8N@1HUTFC


KZC9X5=K
M
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#(X
M+GAM;)64VVZ<,!&7P7Q  '



M-

M)+&O?W9
9

J)+1RTX
(-





.+T+:R=

US2+;C+Y#RB$0A;-


M[ ?L_MCZ)2(R
B-3$E75





XD@?R

U3^&JF9M7'YVK:EOUN2_8ZW4'UX8?@

&U

M[R_.1[?PC]/1^]'EV5A.?AZ/;R=R[V
4Y+
P4[/]9B'A2H'#)KH;I:G*TA^\
MQT$Z)ZDTQ5_4W_/P

Z12E7RH3

MW\OQ?WV\N/5HY32(/LGX426S)+CWUF






M8+B&4?-ESO0U4V !A0VRAU34/%[
]/8Z9J['_.06

K.QTE*


&?V%_:F[WWL!




M?QY




M


YTY:&!F!-59(%: 0 -!*T(%
0 6WB
C8EQWHK(E$KE@4 2DU % Z(HRR)
M%P:@#FN67KLSS!E;^YYGJ7D ^%\LS+=9++)YD-7AHNW3BC3BQHA%@:SW;8

M69R%V8*8&!=&@^








M'P[66#5&0'L L)9G?@?2**0()6V:=:V'0&2ZP&@\#)/*QYCHWHHN'-&*K](.

/TZBS/R4X-LQ5X\@ND^ 4W[%(-9


OY@)_2M\(2A.



-R^W
MY(3^H-7(=
V6W$LL14!](_#-8!;[J9T&9-
4T^YF3?8:*(3[9EN.\_2836R
MOLXH6R4*W::9#HX@X.$3072GU0VRWA2-*W1QV

MHYO?

D5R6G-H




MN$U?'G3Z8
7;[(3_^[\Q[I471R;VR=XDO\OB%0CDX_[@H-_9_T%.0&@OM 6-

MD5=/)]; 9_^@;YXMS!Y[Y29L_!.M6,BZ;* )#-1*S$@6AT,M#*?#%1B6VN]
M%FNR\[0$A9/2S!X(T'.;0\.N#&B
 B#^WNC-Q-'3 3+%60@OE-'/J0@Y3!
MU=I#M#(@VO(M/%A1SK5@UX7,TTS/!XI$T4RHTG





 /% #UHJ?

=#H*9*_3J'=

)\AGSI6-3E#/!6E1N(E!FT*R16.



M)A!@0NX!DG5.AY1ZR* 8TH2-

JK-T16'!
2\+!*_AQBF(05F?D*$SX_@I5#
M!W-!BA!]SR%*X%(;MY3GX*G
\ K=K1
RWL'S8.10-/CQM(W#:RTMV9-5K

M
.


M$-[8GFNQI#HA
WNLCYU
0$.G%17QC^*NZPVCD B;3O&T)D%3VEXX!NOS5Q/C
MLPZTG?J=




MEU#93+-'K?8
@LY8B@.
&UF_&K\*[
MP:F.HHS 99F9&P#BE@0+VKGV).HV2![PH@#)C%-0YM-Y
34/
MGCH'VL.AP2ADM<#GYD^D(4D U$Z9NINU<,[L60-), H3\%#L#B.5E%W@)KK
M;/4U;O'&&)6HO+^E.TS6)LH'W]2T%A$J%A/G:]J 

M%(G0)5DC):HH(

!NZ7@277W'MQ@\) 
1
M'6P.POOZ\(CV)K[]W@HOV#FY8?4?V+N(VK826.R)#5VTOEP'UQSD!%INX)KQ
M\

JHWY/'45$A[+H.3#

M$-558X -@0%.MK/5W:YW

M]M9(GR
7&!4D-Y#F:49@(-?V;@W-*^
*&ZIP^MB=M=LYXGB);%_P&F^)L
MYU-8MPYT!CO=EPG+TK.8MBCM LO
J.*@::EA7

ML*

MT T!4GJN3_HAA4E MA467A%H-(NQ4J-VXD$9



M[W^4.
(L3X(U6#T+F[Q62CQS
V/TN8!):44/N+#YBD3S&5[6G-F$SZ55M[ .


WS4!H8I2N
M:
/O%Q-M\L_3^WRA%\/W!9R;!T4..-Z?



MY=NL@ W=':=L@BD'8E

BY=;F*




Z:P_KA








JBJ_)HJ#D&X7LF];)*R=Q!=S6$+R6HM8'$VX



]7(

A19X
M




'[1;\*S+8:C/L##WU!DGKA.;K)B*
WX+!JO@&N_M9_6@



0F+P

MX4]-KIL5EJM$/W#&##ET@UF0UL)QX(%^RWM1&Q@0?F'&BNNN9D$AG]H/#.
M$?QTW&80L%X4==;!011P\-E-F)-+:VV3WS=[Q)EF&-MO]7L#Q!O7X(S1+B9#
MNBB[:


31#0\=!#4C*
M3CWK0]_6W
1_ZWBLHAK
2)3!Y7B

MB!P([Y+[5]P-!94I]S[$T8SN*[&7]S8)X9_[$L]5%NS?QT&$]?RH;16 5;M]

MV3FMP5D-G9)LL1/$$9AE31%6(EM6*TSQ*V-%+HA?P\Z.B,0#8O[ !,E*;_1
MB4N?&)NX0BG+'*L.XG4WMN10:NE;?H**VA.S1W56ZGL2YA3744T2*Z]T

5.YOVCHO_4R!N Q
M'0XH$31!W%<<81U3FDHAAN[8P_/XPV+7+_*LQCOY4Y-H47C3HH:CV

MTE7+L7$ZK=^19.P3#&:,DJ7!VH7G]?8Q]1GAGRHZ#*1BXG%O$.1YFOFQ_M
M;YWLN!E ?-2@8ZYT!QJG=
<?2%(


.M^PKL8#LI+8$WX*LQKY)_;V4;'
M^$_DU-6EM3BR\SFP0O
YH#A3!*LI27:C/M$B^+O






77T4EX5JX?.JV;+&Y:/E:T_N+F6-\8-%4_






MH7P32./481C5

9751$Y]B4-[(-'1K

M]F(#+/C'=B-UFJ-=UCQH





890*&**7(9W+

M]4MNR#
8''2'!UA*NF@IB =
Q9VG8$



MGOG$

M

X\GI1I;M2SE;Q9U^C'



^/T[.Y=ZNAU; 0-LW\N_
M+)'72RGI0&ZS (MO;W*-[.K?J[CVLOL V=XNZ_!=?:F*\NISM_U(37)M+:+K
M4F4+/&_HIV;!)R\Q#0%[!I 7IH^8R86RTKNQ?S_DCF]WB0O7')NFFCH2UU.

8E




MVNU\




M+\:K!]
+2_F\S.&Z446%DN+9FS3-?OK_4$L! A0#%     @ =T&W2%F[O'2C
M 0  WA
  !

M2P$% ,4     !W0;=(2'4%[L4    K @  P              @ '4 0
M7W)E;',O+G)E;'-02P$% 
4     !W0;=(QK)]/&@!  D$@  &@

4
M     !W0;=(*@2ETZX  _   $               @ %B!   9&]C4')O

O87!P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( '=!MTA9Y$P'/@$  &D#   1




M='


BYX;6Q02P$% ,4
M     !W0;=(C1_8X2





M 0(4 Q0    ( '=!MTBAJ*A8^@


M='

YX;6Q02P$% 




M965T

  !D


  !D              ( !VCX  'AL






O

BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !W0;=(SB5E\/8!   N!0  &0

M   ( '=!MT@LK0ITRP$  $0$   9                1I)  !X;]W;W)K




M2P$% ,4     !W0;=(3L B@L\#  !(%   &0              @ %P30

M- 

M





M=12
]T[\:?#!.G5NQ7OKL_!%Z
1!^

M_O\JSA

M\/J=W6RVWOW/ES\NQS?BUMES_2AV_+%XI=[R7/];T7NMX7#XCGY5C\X]B9.K


+P7?PP$^_@H3UX2H3N


M#??:SYC=Y *VBB0I]_XY3J(XN/WG'X'C1^?.@S/R1.N+N!V)\(?A+Y7NXOI6
M& O7/TT F.\SSQV[

8W@@^OA@



M(M@AV[(FB!]&$


M+/W'$D)K:Q=*K4*76IB6+GB&(3FB5S.6E;FH6$BM0L)@[M%T(_I$Z6+?QG






M +[SDGDF[AWLQSQN\=U3+ :
U;KGI=H*.
C#6#2J


MY\X86&J
W\Q%*AW-G.X ?IW@
M$Y\\Y[KR-%/'BP3/D!G '/DP4/\VHW&CO</X82KKF7/7$C9:/

M@WO_$H@V\

M0LR,';]:Z[ 7WFV?ZP63;:_*P$S2&@^SH(J[/4Y:WC86L$/3PU27#\!Q.$
MS-!%C



_1V'L;F?A




MXQO'OP9(W#CB


MLR2


 L$)@40;CK:-V'@*3(S=%3FL9'44%:@32/3.L Y

$FECJ%XRR2/-2]U2+\4]^2UM7I7]U
M_
0)'ZP^=CV?I'-A]A )B$S_C/SX=X_^*%I*1BB#2)0XQ-2-D$@ND!J
MC(0O0 RX$HPI2W!&;

[SI
G/B]@5MZSA3?
M++*S^/QKX@NK)7%&K##F


M@&2 %\D6PUG12[@5#;!59CAFP[H&&RB&;T@0G0"]N);


DY0

$DS$S#M!V :2 4:FP!$L6UP&\4$:[RPWSU:&4A#(+W5M44EF%170*
M%K:(87<\UQFYGAN[@HD4;2NF85C'6+AW@F,!TSXG1- *=OAJ\PQ-P#4]4WN



@G
MW@!:0X*


X+%KDJQ*43FC


[F?1!^(VTJS9P'I#.TD&AW)B)&Y\_'



]M8\/
MV6=CZ9V'Y!MQ-)^#9'C+:4Q'I!1VB2G$A3&S.:R1X=Q4DU;*((ET9ZTWI+
MQJ4#6^]'R10M$31CG%L4R$@:XE\)PH2C.R':*$DLXQ&DE0 .8S:
0^ #SF3B



TB0D/\5H)^5429 [S(. PS&
6\[;IZV
MM<S+9L&?][2+?$OBC=';Y5)E=<]9FRGP4J-4+)5[SZMXYS4S #,L)$6%4LT/
MD48V*+0Q7E&9E$4&P+?ED:A5#Y:#A_T'=%I
50L=JTW 


*;8:
-G\

PCCL]V2&81\
M9


K'SLR-R6V+



M
W?=:LNQ^&4S5X'=/G*E@(!\@72'EK 4X.*.SP*-E';








M/[

MQAMX&_8D:A.2GVEU&\-!=[_;WK85N2V$UUNXUNXH@0Q3)#*\J-Z$)=VMW$


M;FN&S!XY-@:M3JTH?W)L[Y:B_-.=B

M


M^&91?[_=$ZD5EKIU(U'',2#5]]N[G=?SI'?L]@6/+#O=W;D6*?+N^]J+QJ


MT1

8(U^$( [QS))J

MLMF/$\S];+&)P[
OQ];5P?_4

M8 I!Y9JPG/)=6B4FK9CFJNX9[I5F3R5:X0A)U:C@*6H2D'&%-D5'5UK@!



Q


]U2_JT^)!P9#M<LKE& G!-77? 





G7F5$17




\P'!

MQ\4

5]?PV;.NPW
MRT-HNIVB$W&2V:T;H^-'??/NA)_(\]V69 #7.^!:3U-#V1)FDEY(!C,$$U


M4O*W.E\LR@O(



MFNHTF
 H/^(J(/^%XH#4H)XN\(';M5)
DR@XL#AG#!(L5SK!R




G

MN)1B%$2PQD
I2@;FB;W@MC0^^\G/KN*2KM6HC6(K4&^SH-$'\YE26,L4K
M0UF:]IZ-H


@I


VG! X$YP1M^1


M .@LO@%#@0_)SK6?1(U2)37[NK'?%G46L=:)\Z-;WF?TSM+59+Y\X8?57K
M3_@-.=_Z#-#.0




(: U1O^8&9V.W5!]AQ/6A*K.!09Q
B&8;;C_P9HAN]QS -
%2!*
./EWU$RBMR)ZV H

^ E/RY;%9%;=88I62H921#<%(@WN87-V

I:T;X4U


MVI6 =64@A\#(3RT#\N;)N\P?5/D27# /YM VCEG23Q4Y\8/

M
B-G?!L





W 


L&/

M;




IZ


M[^J



M=F/8;+TX&MW.JG=%:%X)3\QN
*


WZ$^^J

39?
A+6#Z&R*



OTVEU&-



'$R[
I54R-3NA>ZJ

02FQ9[YE
MKP7E$P/97A5(N_WT0'96!7*K6J(
RN[*4-K]=KO]Q%#V5J;*E04UMADZ\:
X


]_
FW]EJ[%W:#5K&F=E

M@%K;!U[)ZM0L#9V58$I+


M]WOF$5_QO'GH+@1=/#EWPOCA*JU:?H3%H*N5J5L$[N_P6)\?2P%;
.730&=G

WIM@ETO6CV/$\_A$[K<CN
M=_00]9^FWBXC 7/YF!TGFQWFBRBW:9KK !]1_0SRSW -F5R)SY41^2-W0AG'


GV(B^FHBBE
O*
M\=_?4\*40)FS;0.

9OV.)OK+;#_!#10Z%K^OCVE

QFGHM?TG-









\!6V?&8_4UCG
MSACIS?H3O@4'.

MHQK6EX-+Z[
7@(UA';D@^%TP4X+0 .\0\ 76D.\ZYDR&R?;E\Y$Y()U7^P['
MYJWS




KG=N4%B_
YXG9XQWS=:


M*=NCCTW:REOSEX);.&-[[22*9)=F=*^MEN6


RJ$HXBL/SS\Y
M?HV!!DND4#S!+IC-TG_T)APH8^MGP]E]N%@_D1)R/28Q/4=RB
0*1X[K_)
MGKK#TL=XF .2ACXK

M! A


M$$2IM)YWZ10 F3B3BA? ]$)RAO 6EWY( &%J/85-R^ZVMBY/!BR5$V/DRY
M7_S4W#%&0SZ5H*W


X/RM@0'H01[IU0TD!FQHS7-#\M/.*4S@FR
MM!B44.@CS/1[X+/X'EEM#5\.7G$)&%04+DQ\5(HU0!
G*#C$Z&E\*!6K:/XW




X!\L(=L.\U/$I5.7%\





M*L#D-3^X4VD5H5#.-+G8

W9/:.C.\J



*[2(9KG*(TID(

M;QF9KJE%ZLPTUD5BV-3$()+_%T\X\B26S'.SS?F^4*83WE[&*^&-6N-CZ
!V<[RFNP3%2:8 CQ_^650

M!F$O:@.-N1SGD!.IP8$HNHM2=E=C*\C?#2UP
*&^9)$^=RH] %$JF/6R\1H?
M/-$QI#*#\[V;9&

M2E
6.GC.!U@UZ2L





5(7MGV@4!0V
M*^)A* ;K\,C7B3M1%Y:#\-HA&M1P;#?EXX?*F1/?.@B]N3-/V(W23I%$H*@

)6BR8@=0?






I.SK
4 W'!+

MZYB.[4G72#V(Q10P1R!& 6#]G0\[QER73)_PZW

MZC!S&!;.+;ILO.&&A+K0IQ+61S 



&/(
YUT$KZ%!F


(QG#%8=Y&K;$NOY(?.+(Z7%C.&TUJ:.[@L7H
M^
:BM;C2Z)



_:45


770:D5;U47-OCFOE\HK=6G


1

7Y#:P2%8 )AD 5?:FNDNKKFJ:AJ*%4OA.IBI_2D(4
M()B?G\&/WG:?;M'00:.^F

YLGK*%(.KK_




M!I6(3C.:\.O^Y3X[]#Q?FJ8J?4S


H D(.P)3X
@IHK'1HRSU'*3PB]C2*GE4Y!X0K-&
MP9P^Y@L[.CM/@H!WZ/'V
E;(C;6'&+NW2H10?5 ^7*L$:'%Z


WQEZI*/%\8L
MEW




9 /[VMLT%V.I: )4^9V
^
M1;G!&YI)S=3\HT32MQ4%31*+?VT4*IL4R$]?=6&U2P42S' &C6YP_T=DT






MU

M+F)=RG?IUB_9S^6'WCM


M^N?6='5AZ^=]-OTBENG%U96O7\R?Y4:2W]0(JOK9OW4PZBLRE8=+T]

+L

MGQ9





PBB\GS5J?80
M


2RM.::J]\;-IL=@\Q7F'+#T*YIF!UP






M-N8)M-4XG?[+YI
R^:0H$SN[MV94R.#.F/CPHQMII(/L5CKCYC-1&S?
:T
M8I7*M




M;[6[6UP;/+Y6!6M6F]'JM%(I=DV0)'YECD?L3,/+ C[
LC)FNM\9Q&BLPM


M68NWIF19E+76'C8WM2S:W_6&8K8V(9AQP-FCT&I*VN;;U=V_C:] F\.I7^

MJQ

R&'A?(\&



M\/%^X%F(;?RCX.T:.XG]SN8V)3\0M^&8M+:!.KM=MLV4]G6 &-+*UEU+[KM
MS&'X)A92O)FHJ/-




NHF%$)3B-
JF++ARE/4
V8_-T!NUFJYC3%L^^6;A7=Q4[73-3



M_XA9C



^:H*Q^[FH/
M0#*O! KV
MW*$.@PY88/X;O-
M@2D.Z99$Y+'Y^U5@5S424]MX7/GL /F'][B_4$_TW?ES+_VO5:6K:9_+LI
M<)YRF56$:*=O9ZYY;6Z9?WGW?11Z[GO\-_SY_P-02P,$%     @ =T&W2#V

RF1O7


*QP_B/Z.V7-G

MGO SXP_BQ&#YQ.G


M4QWX0UX)8T&6&('+;7%=B:#XW#IA?%YKUNN-VJ=!7_?H*C[AY=JB]L
A\L;%

MXS'UH2%@#$A2F QL&:YU'
].E8



MM)7
BV#HK$F5PI#MK--\SM(G\-] '8*CM%NDC=2Q
ND!P?=YEN:!#A:+6XL]

M0V5R/U;W9T:IP-7=Y1+SC3;3Z=R&=-# D&X9!G
A1[+G(XAW@Y( \)RTV4YX


M@AFJS'VW)5VL-1OQ1/'6D-7;C0X1#X@C52;&98
U3TW\FCHZ7SW=2!1ZQ]33

Y71$
M))B[!-ZH5C+(P_9LN!



MPI;J3M1KM)&31[R1.IZL5^B3XQ)

SK%'E)B^ B

W<$KZLC[8%N_Y:,NJKG![35M)K?8&J%9B=:BJK\#? !



X@=DBH;ZSM




SNV-A(6Z\W[:(E#R)CJ*NABKF-L2)&!'N+7N^UC=84$.QS2ZU
DGJ3D+PH
/8E_]''2%

MEPCV:O+3?_NBYJKF?VT










M1=@3=T?MR$Q:D8QS%I:JNB



MJ8<T



[P)O_BK=;W PF=6'8]6
7


GH37%2
M[1A.L9Y7#G;D.#M11Z7+E)X%


Y? T
M?PDK%P7/VPFA?A]%W47ZY.%!&G_EL'7E7E7NE+ZD&DCJ][6):BCJ/1II0Z6O





MW90^VHG

M$8

M5F6UT^M5D.MIMJ%9Q

MV@I?H3ML8T?SB/


MW$+12



M3K!%


MSXHUJYW\=@19D8KHYKUCR(I1W
)Q=A19\1]J=Y=7FJ.'CB4)1X%QJD]A$8R6


HT[D^J;\-KH_&$CL?IU]_0N.]S.^PBY=^SWIA.KOP!<^K@#$II&^4Y
M'7&3&4Q[Y<N8)H,BF-TND3.0&MN0/@OG=% 05/Y2_YH4BOE#+CF-K@+-%'Z

M#DO+J//GIU&_JTS4G_VY
/U:Q#J9L;S.X(XO




M77'Q0_3.:N&056H\@]B1G1Y$ PQ *H@XL&^]KDCU'UA@
&+CNN+!G#PI2[RI
M=?
:/2._F#L&7A8;N;*;V'])8Y


M.V0+#&U3.+2!Y/S\O80VI@7VO,0]L2#FT@.;]\+Z&- N:%]K+ T+:%0QM(
R



MJT?AG.]'19+:R1KN^U+!=X)+Q=X]^))TVJ03I:V#.FW2KCQ5IAN7(W7:2D_B

+N;S4. 6:%?E
M,14&]#4W]'6R4U@*A
5*7%
DZ%R[XKS#:/??.3$SS]7\L!%
/(B]N&X?=(

34Q
C
Q7VQA8BYX
M;6S57?MSXS:2_OVJ[G_ S=Y5)E7V^#G/379+EN2)+AY)*VF2S:6N4C0)V;RA












MWE
-^* W.\IAQX#<R/1;$5%9JD]SC.
M_TZ$]#'6LNFQ


*JBO+U#MP1ZW3'15\(7=$OXHTIYL[^%F0&W'FS

F/
MG!);61:CWQTM^H2KL1.


&Z+#4)8!0MJ
M#T'TO@A1L]=+&42%NNCK_B:.*48_<9W@-^S$<F,@%[7% !W8@@PR.1\T(!K
M4B071YD\H@J=&H=LLO(K#H*?P^AK.
=.$H78&R7)AG.!&



*-$8=A08@(AG E+E6F29B


:9BF0WC.&@BOE2B@%D2Q.;CBO


MER0X330T; K9))P88)5:=0DP)!+XG8BYO/A8@Z)KE_P(@1G*Q]8DC@\OQH
M *CB1B=;%,BT_D @S9])[F7UU[9)
453!5#M#?P71Y!0S7P^01(HLCY-(_


5M%A0B1RC$

M+74XW]3.


M@W&@*M8!%3B0 D:4


M&JBFD$W:B0%6R567 $





T
M@AX[.Q@=)L/*
XZ(;C/(J*C'BUD].BH!63M&VI !PS@)


&4
5!/85@LC+)&%PCU\D

F\).<<RRD.I747+-CM:DNJI(EJDR
M-3#T-




MSP1
I='V!@MH=U7
G0 G S_)$K5\C)/%C8LE+2Z526'6MNKXL6@)8F00^3B
M(*DD2R5)[S[QA48W.E'23I9
OCS*)[R!I2=GT80HAUMT5-!!I7Q/!X'T7
M&

M:A(VJ2& 5J5%Y3&LPRH\L89F 3*1&#08++&
ML4-OS!WF&9@TDQ:%O$V*:&%72
5!C-UT2%L\JB41T-0B;/FF!TE^(A#@B_H
MA5[/6_DAS9'DT%C&'*QL[#54MCJS:56AVF3'2!


HBEJ_<X









.TE

'


:MVC'

AWFIVS:<:@2)JL
M71%6;[;:H7*U:Z]:Z(-A\ Z@.0X/%V@T[L^&O?D0O1P
L[^^)[^A?F_^$V3F
M]LCG&\=/Y%-C-T.W:B-.MWNN2JJC)VE#T2H[U]DIO92
SZJ54AO@G/.(T!#U

M!XHWZW7 
ILX09$

MZ?1F^&DX7O1NT& T[]]


MZOBR='IUD2ZN#ZB$]T=0)^#X9$ E-&37NC 2)T^( *#1B





FFLYX


4E5/DBUB

#U45P1DV60W-[5RK
M$B PT] *ME 'SU=S&SD;WO069(XW[9$%.UK

YC;8$$TM!3]P:S_1DPC99

M8J2QML



M^^MUEOWD)[(8#MAAJ20U&^Q
E:W.I%I5J#:M

'%.J+Z


MN^.O#GA][)5)@^&6%J+TWOBM)@Q.E8?[S!@E%^_DF*4!FV2R8+BD 2@[Q LF

=P



M#./


5$V6#J %*0S^

MRH)!Y[E[C[U-@?+TFM9Y,6@+FWM'JVQNM5=VI:5JNW3&NIN[^Z)6[P3FBI


MV'GW-I%PRW;RZ$!]

I:O\DAEKW(B\#H4RDN+CHY%T3'





-3O_





-/=K2EB;5XNAE?/G^N/..UZ.J=FMN1!=



5C1#_
F3H

A?VLXNUFS1]/XU0





Y3\6V8-$][W+9/[P(M=:\Y)WL54W^P9$S2P'R&?7


M.(I#XC=FB0


MH_$O#1K_$GKC7[9M_$L8C?_:H/%?0V_\UVT;_S6
QG]CT/AOH#?^F[:-_P9&
MX[\U:/RWT!O_;=O&?PNC\=\9-/X[Z(W_KFWCOX/1^.\-&O\]]
9_W[;QWW?7

Z%;6VN#JE#
M=DMO*:C6@@]E)050V


MC-X


9DLKYSP
MR^0!QU[L+








$%



M$_9%^L
?K
O7K7/;.CD!M/L+5P:WH_Z+^T^QO'BP^GIER]?7@?TR?YP\_1







M/#DD5
Y6967W^_5^\


M_A#K0KWK0[WK1&;ZG?#1K3-?[U9H:-:&]0I8O3:LNH0-9U\'K%R-AM Z 78,
MW$!]NY!UPP,[Y%NS)^6<ZG;$(JZ7=5NJ


JD6(8E8P\FA\99]L%.%/









N8@W7N38
M_N_$#J4#7UP:2
*5222H9



?%(
M#0 $\\R7;@'3
] -^TRPB$B*0\DQ\N@M%!^?$[XM!S.2*0SEP\C#N$#T$C9^





M&=^=)F7-6=.!:SFBO;[*?%4FH3YQ%REQ




MNT5@0$ 



9;8Q


.MG:!<%0IN21<T2B58F;T]C-2YV<-1PW
MIRZSJOY!ZV/_89X#S+U(#*15OB2IZJ'_3Y-AK-7OC*^JI:^V1UL-\FUTR;
6,.[WJ@]
MZ;,AL3
2M\OO
BA/KX+*V :4&V?1%TO2I]7?:34E;B#E!9&/I$K6
A;0L7B
M'O\#E Z-V'R3#6FOO3(ERN(?3#7(U$@Y_$3^#&D4707TJGLLFJG$/8978^X
M$OF.W8UNO=0%LW5&,H3NJ0*]O%=CTZE[&;L




MFQP '=G:/&^]B6D*+$AE/ $@


M,'G37,)+)N/6ZGI-IC0D:;F)_4RB+OLCBCU'99NLVAZ!#!]_=L;0I/& NO@

X1L




MH



MV?[F05
_F-)P;@
S!D$;0




[U6D-4.S&71
M.J

MIK029FBQW0?

/)L[3




%\PZ/7_
_4I^!


MK:+#2LMBYZA/_4F21^%[?D?';[U[ W[EG5@F[_FEW:3=9Y^C&OHS@O-I+BN[

K\9SWYZX$':I7RT-$_ERR9GK\\D.@O07_E19W


D.7#]Q HMB\(P'K8^=]$;?[54+&#/(%+P=


DKH&='$:;
M))7PIETOCC7H$A4 SL[2P6*Y,*;05$^*SB8*65%[.PKVH0!H3#-Z%/)IA

(.LMOO$)@4O6I\GX=M[947T3!_:I &Q
(.X

&*Y?1] W(EXR((0W8GT[Z7#+M-YA-_9;0\VUHDUL5+3




;;;X_MI4GU_UZ3M@&&]


%
(11F0N/?L^$N7&\LR+ZG6F4TKZ)ZR16S'J]JW
M94 
&U*GT7(F4J7T*VP?J4IJE)6J(>#&=!I_80)L+5(&,L*8GLK50)5+'%#
M$$^(3Q:/-#C5123N0#?0BELMZ)*X ID;0C97SR7T(X])Z$M0'6G!+8/45$
M2V0T8S5E^K.
MN)GB/RQ//H 

:\+:V'98'];S@\-Z 8;U






.NR


C_?9)BXMD@\TDJ8!_-8/BJ139C


MX[\G48


3WN$IX=
(1^+!

M Q0    ( '=!MTB;W

2FE

34Q
C
Q+GAS9%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( '=!

34Q
C
Q
M7V-A;YX;6Q02P$% 

#$U
3(S


34Q
C


