

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000802481-19-000015
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		137
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20181230
FILED AS OF DATE:		20190214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20190214
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PILGRIMS PRIDE CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000802481
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	POULTRY SLAUGHTERING AND PROCESSING [2015]
		IRS NUMBER:				751285071
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1230
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09273
		FILM NUMBER:		19600976
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1770 PROMONTORY CIRCLE
		CITY:			GREELEY
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80634
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9705068000
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1770 PROMONTORY CIRCLE
		CITY:			GREELEY
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80634












		


Washington
December&#160;30
1770 Promontory Circle
 Greeley
Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
Common Stock
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1)&#160;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&#160;405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of Registrant&#8217;s knowledge
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;smaller reporting company
If an emerging growth company
The aggregate market value of the Registrant&#8217;s Common Stock
 $0.01 par value
 held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of July 1
$1
061
819
&#32;For purposes of the foregoing calculation only
 all directors
February&#160;13
&#32;was 248
965
Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
Certain written and oral statements made by our Company and subsidiaries of our Company may constitute &#8220;forward-looking statements&#8221; as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This includes statements made herein
 in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (&#8220;SEC&#8221;)
 in press releases
Statements of our intentions
 beliefs
 expectations or predictions for the future
 denoted by the words &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;estimate
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;plan
&#8221; &#8220;project
&#8221; &#8220;imply
&#8221; &#8220;intend
&#8221; &#8220;should
&#8221; &#8220;foresee&#8221; and similar expressions
 are forward-looking statements that reflect our current views about future events and are subject to risks
 uncertainties and assumptions. Such risks
Actual results could differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements as a result of these factors
 among others
In making these statements
 we are not undertaking
 and specifically decline to undertake
 any obligation to address or update each or any factor in future filings or communications regarding our business or results
 and we are not undertaking to address how any of these factors may have caused changes in information contained in previous filings or communications. The risks described below are not the only risks we face
Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Corporation (referred to herein as &#8220;Pilgrim&#8217;s
&#8221; &#8220;PPC
&#8221; &#8220;the Company
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; &#8220;our
&#8221; or similar terms)
 which was incorporated in Texas in 1968 and reincorporated in Delaware in 1986
 is the successor to a partnership founded in 1946 as a retail feed store. JBS S.A.
 through its indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries (together
 &#8220;JBS&#8221;)
 beneficially owns 78.5% of our outstanding common stock.  We are one of the largest chicken producers in the world with operations in the United States (&#8220;U.S.&#8221;)
 the United Kingdom (&#8220;U.K.&#8221;)
 Mexico
 France
 Puerto Rico and the Netherlands. We are primarily engaged in the production
 processing
 marketing and distribution of fresh
 frozen and value-added chicken products to retailers
 distributors and foodservice operators. We offer a wide range of products to our customers through strong national and international distribution channels. Pilgrim's fresh chicken products consist of refrigerated (non-frozen) whole chickens
 whole cut-up chickens and selected chicken parts that are either marinated or non-marinated. The Company's prepared chicken products include fully cooked
 ready-to-cook and individually frozen chicken parts
 strips
 nuggets and patties
 some of which are either breaded or non-breaded and either marinated or non-marinated
 ready-to-eat meals
 multi-protein frozen foods
We market our balanced portfolio of fresh
6
&#32;customers across the U.S.
 the U.K.
&#32;other countries
 with no single customer accounting for more than ten percent of total sales. We have become a valuable partner to our customers and a recognized industry leader by consistently providing high-quality products and services designed to meet their needs and enhance their business. Our sales efforts are largely targeted towards the foodservice industry
 principally chain restaurants and food processors
and retail customers
 including grocery store chains and wholesale clubs
 such as Kroger
 Costco
 Publix
As a vertically integrated company
 we control every phase of the production process
 which helps us better manage food safety and quality
December&#160;30
 2018
 we operate feed mills
 hatcheries
&#32;U.S. states
 the U.K.
 France
 the Netherlands
5
&#32;growers
&#32;feed mills
&#32;hatcheries
&#32;processing plants
&#32;prepared foods cook plants
&#32;distribution centers
&#32;pet food plants
Our U.K. and Europe segment reflects the operations of Granite Holdings S&#224;rl and its subsidiaries (together
 &#8220;Moy Park&#8221;)
 which we acquired on September 8
 2017. Moy Park is a leading and highly regarded U.K. food company
 providing fresh
for over 50 years and delivers a range of fresh
 ready-to-cook
 coated and ready-to-eat poultry products to major retailers and large foodservice customers throughout the U.K.
 Ireland
We are one of the largest
 and we believe one of the most efficient
 producers and sellers of chicken in Mexico. Our presence in Mexico provides access to a market with growing demand and has enabled us to leverage our operational strengths within the region. The market for chicken products in Mexico is still developing
 with most sales attributed to fresh
 commodity-oriented
 market price-based business. Additionally
December&#160;30
 2018
52
&#32;billion pounds of live chicken annually. In 2018
&#32;pounds of chicken products
On January 6
 2017
&#32;of the membership interests of JFC LLC and its subsidiaries (together
 &#8220;GNP&#8221;) from Maschhoff Family Foods
 LLC for a cash purchase price of 
 subject to customary working capital adjustments.  GNP is a vertically integrated poultry business based in St.&#160;Cloud
1
&#32;people at the time of acquisition. The plants are located in geographic areas where Pilgrim&#8217;s did not have a presence
 providing Pilgrim&#8217;s the opportunity to expand its production and customer bases.  We plan to continue to leverage GNP&#8217;s operations to enhance production efficiencies.  Also
&#32;product lines join our existing no-antibiotics-ever and organic production capabilities
On September 8
 2017
. Moy Park is one of the top-ten food companies in the U.K.
&#32;fresh processing plants
&#32;prepared foods cook plants
&#32;feed mills
&#32;rendering facility in the U.K.
 France
 and the Netherlands
&#32;million birds per seven-day work week
10
We operate on the basis of a 52/53-week fiscal year that ends on the Sunday falling on or before December&#160;31. Any reference we make to a particular year (for example
&#32;pounds projected in calendar year 2019 according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture (&#8220;USDA&#8221;))
&#32;pounds of ready-to-cook broiler meat in calendar year 2019
&#32;of the total world production. Broilers are tender
 young chickens suitable for broiling or roasting. Brazil and the European Union produce the second and third most chicken meat
&#32;of the world market
 respectively
According to the USDA
&#32;pounds in calendar year 2019
&#32;of the total U.S. production
According to the USDA
. The growth in chicken demand is attributable to (i) relative affordability compared to other proteins such as beef and pork
 (ii) the increasingly health conscious nature of U.S. consumers
 (iii) chicken&#8217;s consistent quality and versatility and (iv) its introduction on many foodservice menus. In addition
 global protein demand continues to be strong
&#32;Items that influence chicken pricing in the U.S. include international demand
 changes in production by other broiler producing countries
 input costs and the demand associated with substitute products such as beef and pork. We believe our focus on sales mix enables us to adapt to changing supply demand dynamics by adjusting our production to maximize value. We also benefit from a shorter production lifecycle of broilers compared to other proteins. While production for cattle takes approximately 28 to 39 months from breeding to slaughter and the production for pork takes 11 to 12 months
&#32;Broilers are fed corn
 soybean meal and wheat as well as certain vitamins and minerals. Corn
 soybean meal and wheat accounted for approximately 
&#32;of our feed costs
 respectively
 in 2018. Broiler production is significantly more efficient from a feed perspective than cattle or hog production. Approximately two pounds of feed are required for each pound of chicken
 as compared to approximately seven and 3.5 pounds for cattle and hogs
 respectively. We have sought to mitigate the impact of feed price volatility on our profitability by decreasing the amount of our products that are sold under longer term fixed price contracts
&#32;market share
 based on ready-to-cook production in 2018
&#32;magazine. We believe we can maintain this prominent market position as we are one of the few producers in the chicken industry that can fully satisfy the requirements of large retailers and foodservice companies due to our broad product range
 national distribution
 vertically integrated operations and technical capabilities. Further
 our scale of operations
 balanced product portfolio and a wide range of production capabilities enable us to meet both the capacity and quality requirements of our customer base. Finally
We have a diversified product portfolio ranging from large to small birds and from fresh to cooked to processed chicken. In addition
 our prepared foods business is focused on our most profitable product lines. We believe we are well-positioned to be the primary chicken supplier for large customers due to our ability to provide consistent supply
 innovate and develop new products to address consumer desires and provide competitive pricing across a diverse product portfolio. Our balanced portfolio of fresh
 prepared and value-added chicken products yields a diversified sales mix
We benefit from strong relationships with leading companies in every customer segment
 including Chick-fil-A
 Kroger
 Costco
 Publix
 and H-E-B
 most of whom have been doing business with us for more than five years. We sell our products to a large and diverse customer base
6
&#32;customers
We are an efficient and lean organization supported by our market-driven business strategy. We have closed
 idled or sold plants and distribution centers
 reduced or consolidated production at other facilities
 streamlined our workforce and reduced administrative and corporate expenses. In addition
 we continue to seek to make significant production improvements driven by improved yields
 labor
 cost savings and product mix. We utilize zero-based budgeting and plant-level profit and loss analysis
 driving engagement and ownership over the results at each plant. These strategic initiatives have reduced our cost base
 resulting in higher and more sustainable profits. We share corporate headquarters with JBS in Greeley
 Colorado
We have a proven senior management team whose tenure in the chicken industry has spanned numerous market cycles and is among the most experienced in the industry. Our senior management team is led by William W. Lovette
 our Chief Executive Officer
 who has over 30 years of experience in the chicken industry. Our management team has successfully improved and realigned our business and instilled a corporate culture focused on performance and accountability. We also benefit from management ideas
the seasoned management team of JBS
 which has over 50 years of combined experience operating protein processing facilities in South America
 North America
We work closely with JBS management to identify areas where Pilgrim&#8217;s and JBS can achieve synergies. We share corporate headquarters with JBS in Greeley
 Colorado
 and have integrated certain corporate functions with JBS to save costs.  In addition to cost savings through the integration of certain corporate functions and the rationalization of facilities
 our relationship with JBS allows us to enjoy several advantages given its diversified international operations and strong record in commodity risk management.  In addition
&#32;We have developed and acquired complementary markets
 distributor relationships and geographic locations that have enabled us to expand our customer base and provide global distribution capabilities for all of our product lines. As a result
 we believe we are one of only two U.S. chicken producers that can supply the growing demand for a broad range of price competitive standard and specialized products with well-known brand names on a nationwide basis from a single-source supplier. Additionally
&#32;As production and sales grow
 we continue to focus on improving operating efficiencies by focusing on cost reductions
 more effective processes
We have a results-oriented culture with our business strategy centered on reducing fixed costs and increasing profitability
 consistent with JBS values. Our employee accountability has further increased as we have de-layered the organization through our recent restructuring and cost improvement initiatives. In addition
 we continue to invest in developing our talent internally. As a result
We operate in three reportable business segments: U.S.
 U.K. and Europe
 and Mexico. As a producer and seller of chicken products we either produce or purchase chicken for resale in the U.S.
 the U.K and Europe
 and Mexico. We conduct separate operations in the U.S.
 the U.K. and Europe
 Puerto Rico and Mexico; however
 for geographic reporting purposes
Our primary product types are fresh chicken products
 prepared chicken products and value-added export chicken products. We sell our fresh chicken products to the foodservice and retail markets. Our fresh chicken products consist of refrigerated (nonfrozen) whole or cut-up chicken
 either pre-marinated or non-marinated and prepackaged case-ready chicken. Our case-ready chicken includes various combinations of freshly refrigerated
 whole chickens and chicken parts in trays
 bags or other consumer packs labeled and priced ready for the retail grocer&#8217;s fresh meat counter. Our fresh chicken sales accounted for 
 
&#32;of our total U.S.
 U.K. and Europe
 and Mexico chicken sales in 2018
We also sell prepared chicken products
 including portion-controlled breast fillets
 tenderloins and strips
 delicatessen products
 salads
may be fully cooked
 partially cooked or raw. In addition
 these products are breaded or non-breaded and either pre-marinated or non-marinated. Our prepared chicken products sales accounted for 
 
&#32;of our total U.S.
 U.K. and Europe
 and Mexico chicken sales in 2018
Export and other chicken products primarily consist of whole chickens and chicken parts sold either refrigerated for distributors in the U.S. or frozen for distribution to export markets. We sell U.S.-produced chicken products for export to Mexico
 the Middle East
 Asia and other world markets. In the U.S.
 prices of these products are negotiated daily or weekly and are generally related to market prices quoted by the USDA or other public price reporting services. Prices for export sales are determined by supply and demand and local market conditions. In certain newly accessed international markets
 we have established premium brands
&#32;of our total U.S. and U.K. and Europe chicken sales in 2018
Our primary customer markets consist of the foodservice and retail channels
Our foodservice market principally consists of chain restaurants
 food processors
 broad-line distributors and certain other institutions located throughout the continental U.S. Within this market
 we service frozen
 fresh and corporate accounts. Fresh and frozen chicken products are usually pre-cut to customer specifications and are often marinated to enhance value and product differentiation. Corporate accounts include further-processed and value-added products supplied to select foodservice customers
 improving their ability to manage product consistency and quality in a cost efficient manner. We believe we are positioned to be the primary or secondary supplier to national and international chain restaurants who require multiple suppliers of chicken products. Additionally
 we believe we are well suited to be the sole supplier for many regional chain restaurants. Regional chain restaurants often offer better margin opportunities and a growing base of business. We believe that our full-line product capabilities
 high-volume production capacities
Our retail market consists primarily of grocery store chains
 wholesale clubs and other retail distributors. Our retail market products consist primarily of branded
 prepackaged cut-up and whole chicken and chicken parts. We concentrate our efforts in this market on creating value for our customers through category management and supporting key customers in expanding their private label sales programs. Additionally
 for many years
 we have invested in both trade and retail marketing designed to establish high levels of brand name awareness and consumer preference. We utilize numerous advertising and marketing techniques to develop and strengthen trade and consumer awareness and increase brand loyalty for consumer products marketed under the Pilgrim&#8217;s
&#174;
 
 Gold Kist
&#174;
 
Mexico
 County Post
 Savoro
To-Ricos
 Del Dia
 Moy Park
brands. We believe our efforts to achieve and maintain brand awareness and loyalty help to achieve greater price premiums than would otherwise be the case in certain markets and support and expand our product distribution. We actively seek to identify and address consumer preferences by using sophisticated qualitative and quantitative consumer research techniques in key geographic markets to discover and validate new product ideas
Our export and other chicken market consists primarily of customers who purchase for distribution in the U.S.
 U.K. and continental Europe
 or for export to Mexico
 the Middle East
 Asia
 and other world markets. Our value-added export and other chicken products
 with the exception of our exported prepared chicken products
 consist of whole chickens and chicken parts sold in bulk
 or value-added form
 either refrigerated or frozen. We believe that chicken exports within our geographical operations in the U.S.
 U.K. and Europe
 and Mexico will continue to grow as worldwide demand increases for high-quality
Historically
 we have targeted international markets to generate additional demand for our dark chicken meat
 for which there has been less demand in the U.S. than for white chicken meat. We have expanded our portfolio to provide prepared chicken products tailored for export to the international divisions of our U.S. chain restaurant customers
 as well as newly identified customers in regions not previously accessed. Through our relationship with JBS
 we have developed an international distribution channel focused on growing our tailored export program and expanding value-added products
 such as all-vegetable-fed whole griller birds
 chicken franks and further processed thigh meat. Utilizing the extensive sales network of JBS
The following table sets forth
 for the periods beginning with 
5
959
5
700
4
627
4
701
4
703
773
950
1
269
1
672
1
787
258
213
313
358
620
6
992
6
864
6
209
6
733
7
111
925
846
811
240
865
792
794
241
303
318
283
67
2
094
1
957
1
889
550
1
252
1
245
1
154
960
900
76
58
91
55
1
329
1
303
1
245
1
016
900
10
416
10
125
9
344
8
300
8
011
433
578
461
409
535
53
38
58
22
34
24
14
20
35
521
642
533
452
571
10
937
10
767
9
878
8
752
8
583
The following table sets forth
 beginning with 2014
 the percentage of net U.S. chicken sales attributable to each of our primary product lines and the markets serviced with those products. We based the table and related discussion on our internal sales reports and their classification of product types and customers.
 or 
 of our total U.S. chicken sales in 2018 and 
 or 
 in 2014. Most of our fresh chicken products are sold to established customers
 based upon certain weekly or monthly market prices reported by the USDA and other public price reporting services
 plus a markup
 which is dependent upon the customer&#8217;s location
 volume
 product specifications and other factors. We believe our practices with respect to sales of fresh chicken are generally consistent with those of our competitors. The majority of these products are sold pursuant to agreements with varying terms that set a price according to formulas based on underlying chicken price markets
&#32;In 2018
 
 or 
 of our U.S. chicken sales were in prepared chicken products to foodservice customers and retail distributors
 as compared to 
 or 
costs are the single largest component of our U.S. cost of sales
&#32;of our U.S. cost of sales in 2018. The production of feed ingredients is positively or negatively affected primarily by the global level of supply inventories
 demand for feed ingredients
 the agricultural policies of the U.S. and foreign governments and weather patterns throughout the world. As further processing is performed
 feed ingredient costs become a decreasing percentage of a product&#8217;s total production cost
 thereby reducing their impact on our profitability. Products sold in this form enable us to charge a premium
We establish prices for our prepared chicken products based primarily upon perceived value to the customer
 production costs and prices of competing products. The majority of these products are sold pursuant to agreements with varying terms that either set a fixed price for short-term periods or set a price according to formulas based on an underlying commodity market such as corn and chicken price forecasts
 subject in many cases to minimum and maximum prices. Many times
 these prices are dependent upon the customer&#8217;s location
 volume
&#32;Our export and other chicken products consist of whole chickens and chicken parts sold primarily in bulk
 nonbranded form
 either refrigerated to distributors in the U.S. or frozen for distribution to export markets
 and branded and nonbranded prepared chicken products for distribution to export markets. In 2018
 approximately 
 or 
 of our total U.S. chicken sales were attributable to U.S. chicken export and other chicken products
 as compared to 
 or 
Presently
 this category includes chicken by-products
 which we convert into protein products and sell primarily to manufacturers of pet foods. In addition
The following table sets forth
 beginning with 2014
On September 8
 2017
 a subsidiary of the Company acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of Moy Park from JBS S.A. in a common-control transaction for cash and a note payable to the seller. Moy Park is one of the top-ten food companies in the U.K.
&#32;fresh processing plants
&#32;prepared foods cook plants
&#32;feed mills
&#32;rendering facility in the U.K.
 France
 and the Netherlands
 Moy Park processes 6.0 million birds per seven-day work week
Our Moy Park operations
 with plants in the U.K.
During 2016 and 2017
 we invested approximately &#163;20 million in a new poultry hatchery facility in Newark
Moy Park has built strong brands with high levels of brand recognition in the markets in which such brands are sold
 including &#8220;Moy Park&#8221; and &#8220;O&#8217;Kane&#8221;. Moy Park believes the development of its brands are important as it provides customers with confidence in the quality and consistency of its products. Brand marketing is focused on establishing its brands through consistent quality and product innovation as well as developing relationships with key customers. Moy Park believes that its brands can be expanded throughout Europe
Moy Park maintains a development team and an executive chef to continue to develop new ideas for value added products across its range
Moy Park&#8217;s fresh chicken sales primarily consist of refrigerated and frozen whole chickens
 breast fillets and mini breast fillets. Fresh chicken sales accounted for 
 or 
 of our total U.K. and Europe chicken sales in 2018
 as compared to 
&#32;Moy Park produces further processed and prepared chicken products for sale to customers in retail
 foodservice
 agricultural and international distribution channels. Moy Park also sells a range of ready-to-cook
 ready-to-eat and coated chicken products to leading retailers and foodservice providers. Prepared chicken sales accounted for 
&#32;of our total U.K. and Europe chicken sales in 2018
 as compared to 
&#32;In 2018
 approximately 
 or 
 of our total U.K. and Europe chicken sales were attributable to U.K. and Europe chicken export and other chicken products
 as compared to 
 or 
Customers for Moy Park&#8217;s fresh and further processed and prepared chicken products include: national and regional retailers (including grocery supermarket chains
 independent grocers and club stores) and wholesale distributors; international retailers and wholesale distributors; and the foodservice industry
 including foodservice distributors
On June 29
 2015
 we acquired
 indirectly through certain of our Mexican subsidiaries
 100% of the equity of Tyson Mexico from Tyson Foods
 Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries for cash. Tyson Mexico is a vertically integrated poultry business based in G&#243;mez Palacio
 Durango
While the market for chicken products in Mexico is less developed than in the U.S.
 with sales attributed to fewer
 simpler products
 we believe we have been successful in differentiating our products through high-quality client service and product improvements. Additionally
We sell our chicken products primarily to wholesalers
 large restaurant chains
 fast food accounts and supermarket chains
&#32;of our net sales in 2018 and 2017
The chicken industry is highly competitive. We are one of the largest chicken producers in the world and we believe our relationship with JBS enhances our competitive position. In the U.S. and Mexico
 we compete principally with other vertically integrated poultry companies. However
 there is some competition with non-vertically integrated further processors in the U.S. prepared chicken business. We believe vertical integration generally provides significant
In general
 the competitive factors in the U.S. chicken industry include price
 product quality
 product development
 brand identification
 breadth of product line and customer service. Competitive factors vary by major market. In the U.S. retail market
 we believe that product quality
 brand awareness
 customer service and price are the primary bases of competition. In the foodservice market
 competition is based on consistent quality
 product development
 service and price. The export market is competitive on a global level based on price
 product quality
 product tailoring
 brand identification and customer service. Competitive factors vary by market and may be impacted further by trade restrictions
 sanitary and phyto-sanitary issues
 brand awareness and the relative strength or weakness of the U.S. dollar against local currencies. We believe that product customization
In Mexico
 where product differentiation has traditionally been limited
The chicken industry is subject to government regulation
 particularly in the health
 workplace safety and environmental areas
 including provisions relating to the discharge of materials into the environment
 by the Centers for Disease Control 
 the USDA
 the Food and Drug Administration (&#8220;FDA&#8221;)
 the Environmental Protection Agency (&#8220;EPA&#8221;)
 the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (&#8220;OSHA&#8221;)  and state and local regulatory authorities in the U.S. and by similar governmental agencies in the U.K. and Europe and Mexico. Our chicken processing facilities in the U.S. are subject to on-site examination
 inspection and regulation by the USDA. The FDA inspects the production of our feed mills in the U.S. Our U.K. and Europe and Mexico food processing facilities and feed mills are subject to on-site examination
Our operations are subject to extensive regulation by the EPA and other state and local authorities relating to handling and discharge of waste water
 storm water
 air emissions
 treatment
 storage and disposal of wastes
 handling of hazardous substances and remediation of contaminated soil
 surface water and groundwater. Moy Park&#8217;s operations in the U.K. and Europe are subject to a number of local
 national and regional laws and other requirements relating to the protection of the environment and the safety and health of personnel and the public. Our Mexican operations also are subject to extensive regulation by Mexican environmental authorities. The EPA
 Mexican
 U.K. and Europe environmental authorities and/or other U.S. or Mexican state and local authorities may
 from time to time
 adopt revisions to environmental rules and regulations
 and/or changes in the terms and conditions of our environmental permits
 with which we must comply. Compliance with existing or new environmental requirements
 including more stringent limitations imposed or expected in recently-renewed or soon-to be renewed environmental permits
 may require capital expenditures and operating expenses which may be significant. Our operations are also subject to regulation by the EPA
 OSHA and other state
 federal and local regulatory authorities regarding the treatment and disposal of agricultural and food processing wastes
 the use and maintenance of refrigeration systems
 including ammonia-based chillers
 noise
 odor and dust management
Moy Park&#8217;s operations in the U.K. and Europe are similarly subject to a number of directives and local
 national and regional regulations in relation to the treatment and disposal of agricultural and food processing wastes
 the use and maintenance of refrigeration systems
 including ammonia-based chillers
 noise
 odor and dust management
 the operation of mechanized processing equipment and other operations.  In the U.K. and the European Union
 all poultry farms which exceed a threshold size of 40
Some of our facilities have been operating for many years
 and were built before current environmental
 health and safety standards were imposed and/or in areas that recently have become subject to residential and commercial development pressures. We are upgrading wastewater treatment facilities at a number of our facilities
 either pursuant to consent agreements with regulatory authorities or on a voluntary basis in anticipation of future permit requirements. We do not anticipate that the capital expenditures associated with these upgrades
 which will be spread over a number of years
Some of our properties have been impacted by contamination from spills or other releases
 and we have incurred costs to remediate such contamination. In addition
 in the past we acquired businesses with operations such as pesticide and fertilizer production that involved greater use of hazardous materials and generation of more hazardous wastes than our current operations. While many of those operations have been sold or closed
 some environmental laws impose strict and
 in certain circumstances
 joint and several liability for costs of investigation and remediation of contaminated sites on current and former owners and operators of the sites
 and on persons who arranged for disposal of wastes at such sites. In addition
We anticipate increased regulation by the USDA concerning food safety
 by the FDA concerning the use of medications in feed and by the EPA and various other state agencies concerning discharges to the environment. Although we do not currently anticipate that such increased regulation will have a material adverse effect upon us
 new environmental
 health and safety requirements that are more stringent than we anticipate
 stricter interpretations of existing environmental requirements
As of December 30
 2018
31
&#32;persons in the U.S.
10
10
&#32;of the Company&#8217;s employees were covered under collective bargaining agreements. Substantially all employees covered under collective bargaining agreements are covered under agreements that expire in 2019 or later. We have not experienced any labor-related work stoppage at any location in over ten years. We believe our relationship with our employees and union leadership is satisfactory. At any given time
 we will likely be in some stage of contract negotiations with various collective bargaining units. In the absence of agreements
 we may become subject to labor disruption at one or more of these locations
We own registered trademarks which are used in connection with our activity in our business. The trademarks are important to the overall marketing and branding of our products. All major trademarks in our business are registered. In part
The Company&#8217;s Internet website is www.pilgrims.com. The Company makes available
 free of charge
 through its Internet website
 the Company&#8217;s annual reports on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K
 directors and officers Forms 3
 4 and 5
 and amendments to those reports
 as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing such materials with
 or furnishing them to
In addition
 the Company makes available
 through its Internet website
 the Company&#8217;s Business Code of Conduct and Ethics
 Corporate Governance Guidelines and the written charter of the Audit Committee
 each of which is available in print to any stockholder who requests it by contacting the Secretary of the Company at 1770 Promontory Circle
 Greeley
 Colorado 80634-9038. Information contained on the Company&#8217;s website is not included as part of
 or incorporated by reference into
William W. Lovette joined Pilgrim&#8217;s as President and Chief Executive Officer on January 3
 2011. He brings more than 30 years of industry leadership experience to Pilgrim&#8217;s. He previously served two years as President and Chief Operating Officer of Case Foods
 Inc. Before joining Case Foods
 Inc.
 Mr. Lovette spent 25 years with Tyson Foods in various roles in senior management
 including President of its International Business Unit
 President of its Foodservice Business Unit and Senior Group Vice President of Poultry and Prepared Foods. Mr. Lovette earned a B.S. degree from Texas A&amp;M University. In addition
Fabio Sandri has served as the Chief Financial Officer for Pilgrim&#8217;s since June 2011. From April 2010 to June 2011
  Mr.&#160;Sandri served as the Chief Financial Officer of Estacio Participa&#231;&#245;es
 the private post-secondary educational institution in Brazil. From November 2008 until April 2010
 he was the Chief Financial Officer of Imbra SA
 a provider of dental services based in Sao Paolo
 Brazil. Commencing in 2005 through October 2008
 he was employed by Braskem S.A.
 a New York Stock Exchange-listed petrochemical company headquartered in Cama&#231;ari
 Brazil
 first from 2005 to 2007 as its strategy director
The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking information contained in this annual report on Form 10-K. Any of the following risks could materially adversely affect our business
 operations
 industry or financial position or our future financial performance. While we believe we have identified and discussed below all risk factors affecting our business that we believe are material
 there may be additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be significant that may adversely affect our business
 operations
 industry
Industry cyclicality can affect our earnings
Profitability in the chicken industry is materially affected by the commodity prices of feed ingredients and market prices of chicken
 which are determined by supply and demand factors. As a result
The price of feed ingredients is positively or negatively affected primarily by the global level of supply inventories and demand for feed ingredients
 the agricultural policies of the U.S. and foreign governments and weather patterns throughout the world. In particular
 weather patterns often change agricultural conditions in an unpredictable manner. A significant change in weather patterns could affect supplies of feed ingredients
 as well as both the industry&#8217;s and our ability to obtain feed ingredients
 grow chickens or deliver products. More recently
 feed prices have been impacted by increased demand both domestically for ethanol and globally for protein production
 as well as grain production levels outside the U.S. We have recently benefited from low market prices for feed ingredients
 but market prices for feed ingredients remain volatile. Consequently
 there can be no assurance that the price of corn or soybean meal will not continue to rise as a result of
 among other things
 increasing demand for these products around the world and alternative uses of these products
Volatility in feed ingredient prices has had
 and may continue to have
 a materially adverse effect on our operating results
 which has resulted in
 and may continue to result in
 additional noncash expenses due to impairment of the carrying amounts of certain of our assets. We periodically seek
 to the extent available
 to enter into advance purchase commitments or financial derivative contracts for the purchase of feed ingredients in an effort to manage our feed ingredient costs. The use of these instruments may not be successful. In addition
 we have not designated the derivative financial instruments that we have purchased to mitigate commodity purchase exposures as cash flow hedges. Therefore
 we recognize changes in the fair value of these derivative financial instruments immediately in earnings. Unexpected changes in the fair value of these instruments could adversely affect the results of our operations. Although we have sought to mitigate the impact of feed price volatility on our profitability by decreasing the amount of our products that are sold under longer term fixed price contracts
Outbreaks of livestock diseases in general and poultry diseases in particular
 including avian influenza
We take precautions designed to ensure that our flocks are healthy and that our processing plants and other facilities operate in a sanitary and environmentally-sound manner. However
 events beyond our control
 such as the outbreaks of disease
 either in our own flocks or elsewhere
Furthermore
 an outbreak of disease could result in governmental restrictions on the import and export of our fresh chicken or other products to or from our suppliers
 facilities or customers
 or require us to destroy one or more of our flocks. This could also result in the cancellation of orders by our customers and create adverse publicity that may have a material adverse effect on our ability to market our products successfully and on our business
There have been outbreaks of low pathogenic strains of avian influenza in the U.S.
 and in Mexico outbreaks of both high and low-pathogenic strains of avian influenza are a fairly common occurrence. Historically
 the outbreaks of low pathogenic strains of avian influenza have not generated the same level of concern
 or received the same level of publicity or been accompanied by the same reduction in demand for poultry products in certain countries as that associated with highly pathogenic strains such as HPAI H5 and H7N3 or highly infectious strains such as H7N9. Even if no further highly pathogenic or highly contagious strains of avian influenza are confirmed in the U.S.
 the U.K. and Europe or Mexico
 there can be no assurance that outbreaks of these strains in other countries will not materially adversely affect demand for U.S.-produced poultry internationally and/or U.S.-produced
 the U.K. and Europe produced or Mexico-produced poultry domestically
 and
 if any of these strains were to spread to either the U.S.
 the U.K. and Europe or Mexico
 there can be no assurance that it would not significantly affect our ability to conduct our operations and/or demand for our products
 in each case in a manner having a material adverse effect on our business
If our poultry products become contaminated
Poultry products may be subject to contamination by disease-producing organisms
 or pathogens
 such as 
 Salmonella and generic E.coli. These pathogens are generally found in the environment
 and
 as a result
 there is a risk that
 as a result of food processing
 they could be present in our processed poultry products. These pathogens can also be introduced as a result of improper handling at the further processing
 foodservice or consumer level. These risks may be controlled
 although not eliminated
 by adherence to good manufacturing practices and finished product testing. We have little
 if any
 control over proper handling once the product has been shipped. Illness and death may result if the pathogens are not eliminated at the further processing
 foodservice or consumer level. Even an inadvertent shipment of contaminated products is a violation of law and may lead to increased risk of exposure to product liability claims
 product recalls and increased scrutiny by federal and state regulatory agencies and may have a material adverse effect on our business
Product liability claims or product recalls can adversely affect our business reputation
The packaging
 marketing and distribution of food products entail an inherent risk of product liability and product recall and the resultant adverse publicity. We may be subject to significant liability if the consumption of any of our products causes injury
 illness or death. We could be required to recall certain products in the event of contamination or damage to the products. In addition to the risks of product liability or product recall due to deficiencies caused by our production or processing operations
 we may encounter the same risks if any third party tampers with our products. We cannot assure you that we will not be required to perform product recalls
 or that product liability claims will not be asserted against us
 in the future. Any claims that may be made may create adverse publicity that would have a material adverse effect on our ability to market our products successfully or on our business
 reputation
 prospects
If our poultry products become contaminated
 we may be subject to product liability claims and product recalls. There can be no assurance that any litigation or reputational injury associated with product recalls will not have a material adverse effect on our ability to market our products successfully or on our business
 reputation
 prospects
We currently maintain insurance with respect to certain of these risks
 including product liability insurance
 business interruption insurance and general liability insurance
 but in many cases such insurance is expensive
 difficult to obtain and no assurance can be given that such insurance can be maintained in the future on acceptable terms
 or in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses due to any such events
 or at all. Moreover
 even though our insurance coverage may be designed to protect us from losses attributable to certain events
We may not be able to successfully integrate the operations of companies we acquire
 including Moy Park
We intend to pursue additional selected growth opportunities in the future. These opportunities
 including the Moy Park acquisition
 may expose us to successor liability relating to actions involving any acquired entities
 their respective management or contingent liabilities incurred prior to our involvement and will expose us to liabilities associated with ongoing operations
with these types of opportunities
 or our failure to successfully integrate any acquired entities into our business
Undisclosed liabilities from our acquisitions may harm our financial condition and operating results. If we make acquisitions in the future
We may not be able to successfully integrate any growth opportunities we may undertake in the future
 including the Moy Park acquisition
 or successfully implement appropriate operational
 financial and administrative systems and controls to achieve the benefits that we expect to result therefrom. These risks include: (1) failure of the acquired entities to achieve expected results; (2) possible inability to retain or hire key personnel of the acquired entities; and (3) possible inability to achieve expected synergies and/or economies of scale. In addition
 the process of integrating businesses could cause interruption of
 or loss of momentum in
 the activities of our existing business. The diversion of our management&#8217;s attention and any delays or difficulties encountered in connection with the integration of these businesses could adversely affect our business
Competition in the chicken industry with other vertically integrated poultry companies may make us unable to compete successfully in this industry
The chicken industry is highly competitive. In the U.S.
 Mexico and U.K. and Europe
In general
 the competitive factors in the U.S. chicken industry include price
 product quality
 product development
 brand identification
 breadth of product line and customer service. Competitive factors vary by major market. In the foodservice market
 competition is based on consistent quality
 product development
 service and price. In the U.S. retail market
 we believe that competition is based on product quality
 brand awareness
 customer service and price. Further
 there is some competition with non-vertically integrated further processors in the prepared chicken business. In Mexico
 where product differentiation has traditionally been limited
 we believe product quality and price have been the most critical competitive factors. In the U.K. and Europe retail and food service markets
 key competitive factors include price
 delivering consistent levels of the highest quality
 service level and delivering strong innovation.  The fresh U.K. and Europe market is almost exclusively retailer private label with the exclusion of the Republic of Ireland where Moy Park is a leading brand.  The U.K. fresh market is almost exclusively sourced from within the U.K. so vertical integration is a prerequisite for operating in this market.  The U.K. prepared foods market is less exclusively sourced from within the U.K. so vertical integration is less of a consideration and competition is opened up to other processors
&#32;of our net sales in 2018. Our business could suffer significant setbacks in revenues and operating income if we lost one or more of our largest customers
We have significant operations and assets located in Mexico and Europe and may participate in or acquire operations and assets in other foreign countries in the future. Foreign operations are subject to a number of  special risks such as currency exchange rate fluctuations
 trade barriers
 exchange controls
 expropriation and changes in laws and policies
Our operations in Mexico and Europe are conducted through subsidiaries organized under non-U.S. laws. Claims of creditors of our subsidiaries
 including trade creditors
 will generally have priority as to the assets of our subsidiaries over our claims. Additionally
 the ability of these subsidiaries to make payments and distributions to us are limited by terms of the Moy Park Multicurrency Revolving Facility Agreement and may be limited by the terms of our Mexico credit facility and will be subject to
 among other things
 the laws applicable to these subsidiaries. In the past
 these laws have not had a material adverse effect on the ability of these subsidiaries to make these payments and distributions. However
Disruptions in international markets
Historically
 we have targeted international markets to generate additional demand for our products. In particular
 given U.S. customers&#8217; general preference for white meat
 we have targeted international markets for the sale of dark chicken meat
 specifically leg quarters
 which are a natural by-product of our U.S. operations&#8217; concentration on prepared chicken products. As part of this initiative
 we have created a significant international distribution network into several markets in Mexico
 the Middle East and Asia. Our success in these markets may be
 and our success in recent periods has been
 adversely affected by disruptions in chicken export markets. For example
A significant risk is disruption due to import restrictions and tariffs
 other trade protection measures
 and import or export licensing requirements regarding food products imposed by foreign countries. In addition
 disruptions may be caused by outbreaks of disease such as avian influenza
 either in our flocks or elsewhere in the world
Regulation
 present and future
Our operations will continue to be subject to federal
 state and local governmental regulation
 including in the health
In addition
 unknown matters
 new laws and regulations
New immigration legislation or increased enforcement efforts in connection with existing immigration legislation could cause the costs of doing business to increase
Immigration reform continues to attract significant attention in the public arena and the U.S. Congress. If new federal immigration legislation is enacted or if states in which we do business enact immigration laws
 such laws may contain provisions that could make it more difficult or costly for us to hire U.S. citizens and/or legal immigrant workers. Additionally
 there may be uncertainty as to the position the U.S. will take with respect to immigration following the 2016 U.S. presidential election and related change in the U.S. political agenda. In such case
 we may incur additional costs to run our business or may have to change the way we conduct our operations
 either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 operating results and financial condition. Also
 despite our past and continuing efforts to hire only U.S. citizens and/or persons legally authorized to work in the U.S.
 we may be unable to ensure that all of our employees are U.S. citizens and/or persons legally authorized to work in the U.S. No assurances can be given that enforcement efforts by governmental authorities will not disrupt a portion of our workforce or operations at one or more facilities
 thereby negatively impacting our business. Also
 no assurance can be given that further enforcement efforts by governmental authorities will not result in the assessment of fines that could adversely affect our financial position
Our success is largely dependent on the skills
 experience
 and efforts of our management and other employees. The loss of the services of one or more members of our senior management or of numerous employees with essential skills could have a negative effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. If we are not able to retain or attract talented
 committed individuals to fill vacant positions when needs arise
December&#160;30
 2018
31
&#32;persons in the U.S.
10
10
&#32;of the Company&#8217;s employees were covered under collective bargaining agreements. Substantially all employees covered under collective bargaining agreements are covered under agreements that expire in 2019 or later. We have not experienced any labor-related work stoppage at any location in over ten years.  We believe our relationship with our employees and union leadership is satisfactory. At any given time
 we will likely be in some stage of contract negotiations with various collective bargaining units. In the absence of agreements
 we may become subject to labor disruption at one or more of these locations
Extreme weather
Bioterrorism
 fire
 pandemic
 extreme weather or natural disasters
 including droughts
 floods
 excessive cold or heat
 hurricanes or other storms
 could impair the health or growth of our flocks
 production or availability of feed ingredients
 or interfere with our operations due to power outages
 fuel shortages
 damage to our production and processing facilities or disruption of transportation channels
We may face significant costs for compliance with existing or changing environmental
Our operations are subject to extensive and increasingly stringent federal
 state
 local and foreign laws and regulations pertaining to the protection of the environment
 including those relating to the discharge of materials into the environment
 the handling
 treatment and disposal of wastes and remediation of soil and groundwater contamination. Failure to comply with these requirements could have serious consequences for us
 including criminal as well as civil and administrative penalties
 claims for property damage
 personal injury and damage to natural resources and negative publicity. Compliance with existing or changing environmental requirements
 including more stringent limitations imposed or expected to be imposed in recently-renewed or soon-to be renewed environmental permits
Operations at many of our facilities require the treatment and disposal of wastewater
 stormwater and agricultural and food processing wastes
 the use and maintenance of refrigeration systems
 including ammonia-based chillers
 noise
 odor and dust management
 the operation of mechanized processing equipment
 and other operations that potentially could affect the environment
 health and safety. Some of our facilities have been operating for many years
 and were built before current environmental standards were imposed
 and/or in areas that recently have become subject to residential and commercial development pressures. Failure to comply with current and future environmental
 health and safety standards could result in the imposition of fines and penalties
 and we have been subject to such sanctions from time to time. We are upgrading wastewater treatment facilities at a number of these locations
In the past
 we have acquired businesses with operations such as pesticide and fertilizer production that involved greater use of hazardous materials and generation of more hazardous wastes than our current operations. While many of those operations have been sold or closed
 some environmental laws impose strict and
 in certain circumstances
 joint and several liability for costs of investigation and remediation of contaminated sites on current and former owners and operators of the sites
 and on persons who arranged for disposal of wastes at such sites. In addition
New environmental
 health and safety requirements
 stricter interpretations of existing requirements
 or obligations related to the investigation or clean-up of contaminated sites
JBS USA beneficially owns a majority of the shares and voting power of our common stock and is entitled to appoint a majority of the members of our Board of Directors. As a result
 JBS USA will
 subject to restrictions on its voting power and actions in a stockholders agreement between JBS USA and us and our organization documents
 have the ability to control our management
 policies and financing decisions
Under the stockholders agreement between JBS USA and us
 JBS USA has the ability to elect up to six members of our Board of Directors and the other holders of our common stock have the ability to elect up to three members of our Board of Directors. If the percentage of our outstanding common stock owned by JBS USA exceeds 80%
On May 3
 2017
 certain officers of J&amp;F Investimentos S.A. (&#8220;J&amp;F
&#8221; and together with the companies controlled by J&amp;F
 the &#8220;J&amp;F Group&#8221;)
 a company organized in Brazil and an indirect controlling stockholder of the Company
 including a former senior executive and former board members of the Company
 entered into plea bargain agreements (collectively
 the &#8220;Plea Bargain Agreements&#8221;) with the Brazilian Federal Prosecutor&#8217;s Office (Minist&#233;rio P&#250;blico Federal) (the &#8220;MPF&#8221;) in connection with certain misconduct by J&amp;F and such individuals acting in their capacity as J&amp;F executives. The details of such misconduct are set forth in separate annexes to the Plea Bargain Agreements
 and include admissions of payments to politicians and political parties in Brazil during a ten-year period in exchange for receiving
 or attempting to receive
On June 5
 2017
 J&amp;F
 for itself and as the controlling shareholder of the J&amp;F Group companies
 entered into a leniency agreement (the &#8220;Leniency Agreement&#8221;) with the MPF
 whereby J&amp;F assumed responsibility for the conduct that was described in the annexes to the Plea Bargain Agreements. In connection with the Leniency Agreement
&#32;Brazilian reais
 adjusted for inflation
J&amp;F is conducting an internal investigation in accordance with the terms of the Leniency Agreement
 and has engaged outside advisors to assist in conducting this investigation
 which is ongoing
 and with which we are fully cooperating. JBS S.A. and the Company have engaged outside U.S. legal counsel to: (i) conduct an independent investigation in connection with matters disclosed in the Leniency Agreement and the Plea Bargain Agreements; and (ii) communicate with relevant U.S. authorities
 including the Department of Justice regarding the factual findings of that investigation. Additionally
 JBS S.A. and the Company have taken
 and are continuing to take
 measures to enhance their compliance programs
 including to prevent and detect bribery and corruption. We cannot predict when the J&amp;F and JBS S.A. investigations will be completed or the results of such investigations
 including whether any litigation will be brought against us or the outcome or impact of any resulting litigation. We will monitor the results of the investigations. Any proceedings that require us to make substantial payments
 affect our reputation or otherwise interfere with our business operations could have a material adverse effect on our business
Any further developments in these
 or other
 matters involving the controlling shareholders
 directors
 or officers of J&amp;F
 or other parties affiliated with us
 could subject JBS S.A. and its subsidiaries (including the Company) to potential fines or penalties
We are involved on an ongoing basis in litigation relating to alleged antitrust violations or arising in the ordinary course of business or otherwise. For example
 between September 2
 2016 and October 13
 2016
 a series of purported class action lawsuits were brought against Pilgrim&#8217;s and 13 other producers by and on behalf of direct and indirect purchasers of broiler chickens. The complaints
 which were filed with the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois
 seek
 among other relief
 treble damages for an alleged conspiracy among defendants to reduce output and increase prices of broiler chickens from the period of January 2008 to the present.  See &#8220;Item 3. Legal Proceedings.&#8221; Trends in litigation may include class actions involving consumers
 shareholders
 employees or injured persons
 and claims relating to commercial
 labor
 employment
 antitrust
 securities or environmental matters. Litigation trends and the outcome of litigation cannot be predicted with certainty
 and adverse litigation trends and outcomes could result material damages
We are subject to anti-corruption laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate
We are subject to a number of anti-corruption laws
The FCPA and similar anti-bribery laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments or improperly providing anything of value to foreign officials
 directly or indirectly
under certain circumstances. The FCPA also requires maintenance of adequate record-keeping and internal accounting practices to accurately reflect transactions. Under the FCPA
The UK Bribery Act is broader in scope than the FCPA in that it directly prohibits commercial bribery (i.e. bribing others than government officials) in addition to bribery of government officials and it does not recognize certain exceptions
 notably for facilitation payments
 that are permitted by the FCPA. The UK Bribery Act also has wide jurisdiction. It covers any offense committed in the United Kingdom
 but proceedings can also be brought if a person who has a close connection with the United Kingdom commits the relevant acts or omissions outside the United Kingdom. The UK Bribery Act defines a person with a close connection to include British citizens
The UK Bribery Act also provides that any organization that conducts part of its business in the United Kingdom
 even if it is not incorporated in the United Kingdom
 can be prosecuted for the corporate offense of failing to prevent bribery by an associated person
 even if the bribery took place entirely outside the United Kingdom and the associated person had no connection with the United Kingdom. Other jurisdictions in which we operate have adopted similar anti-corruption
Although the code of ethics and standards of conduct adopted by JBS S.A. in late 2015 requires our employees to comply with the FCPA and the UK Bribery Act
 we are still implementing a formal compliance program and policies that cover our employees and consultants. We operate in some countries which are viewed as high risk for corruption. Despite our ongoing efforts to ensure compliance with the FCPA
 the UK Bribery Act and similar laws
 there can be no assurance that our directors
 officers
 employees
 agents
 third-party intermediaries and the companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations
 will comply with those laws and our anti-corruption policies
 and we may be ultimately held responsible for any such non-compliance. If we or our directors or officers violate anti-corruption laws or other laws governing the conduct of business with government entities (including local laws)
 we or our directors or officers may be subject to criminal and civil penalties or other remedial measures
 which could harm our reputation and have a material adverse impact on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and prospects. Any actual or alleged violations of such laws could also harm our reputation or have an adverse impact on our business
 financial condition
We contract primarily with independent contract growers to raise the live chickens processed in our poultry operations. If we do not attract and maintain contracts with growers or maintain marketing and purchasing relationships with independent producers
The food industry in general is subject to changing consumer trends
 demands and preferences. Trends within the food industry change often
 and failure to identify and react to changes in these trends could lead to
 among other things
 reduced demand and price reductions for our products
Our customers
 such as supermarkets
 warehouse clubs and food distributors
 have consolidated in recent years
 and consolidation is expected to continue throughout the U.S. and in other major markets. These consolidations have produced large
 sophisticated customers with increased buying power who are more capable of operating with reduced inventories
 opposing price increases
 and demanding lower pricing
 increased promotional programs and specifically tailored products. These customers also may use shelf space currently used for our products for their own private label products. Because of these trends
 our volume growth could slow or we may need to lower prices or increase promotional spending for our products
We are increasingly dependent on information technology
 and our business and reputation could suffer if we are unable to protect our information technology systems against
 or effectively respond to
 cyber-attacks
The proper functioning of our information systems is critical to the successful operation of our business. Although our information systems are protected with robust backup systems
 including physical and software safeguards and remote processing capabilities
 information systems are still vulnerable to natural disasters
 power losses
 unauthorized access
 telecommunication failures
 and other problems. In addition
 certain software used by us is licensed from
systems are provided by
 third parties who could choose to discontinue their relationship with us. If critical information systems fail or these systems or related software or services are otherwise unavailable
 our ability to process orders
 maintain proper levels of inventories
 collect accounts receivable
 pay expenses
Cyber-attacks and other cyber incidents are occurring more frequently and are constantly evolving in nature and sophistication. Our failure to maintain our cyber-security measures and keep abreast of new and evolving threats may make our systems vulnerable. The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity incident include reputational damage
 litigation with third parties
 regulatory actions
 disruption of plant operations
Recent legal developments in Europe could result in changes to our business practices
 penalties
 increased cost of operations
To conduct our operations
 we regularly move data across national borders and must comply with increasingly complex and rigorous regulatory standards enacted to protect business and personal data in the U.S. and elsewhere. For example
 the European Union recently adopted the General Data Protection Regulation (the &#8220;GDPR&#8221;). The GDPR imposes additional obligations on companies regarding the handling of personal data and provides certain individual privacy rights to persons whose data is stored. Compliance with existing
 proposed and recently enacted laws and regulations can be costly; any failure to comply with these regulatory standards could subject us to legal and reputational risks including proceedings against the Company by governmental entities or others
 fines and penalties
On a consolidated basis
December&#160;30
 2018
&#32;in secured indebtedness
A substantial portion of our cash flow from operations is required to be dedicated to interest and principal payments and may not be available for operations
 working capital
 capital expenditures
 expansion
Our ability to obtain additional financing and to fund working capital
We may be more highly leveraged than some of our competitors
Our flexibility in planning for
 or reacting to
Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our debt
 including our credit facilities
 will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. This
 to a certain extent
 is subject to various business factors (including
 among others
 the commodity prices of feed ingredients and chicken) and general economic
 financial
 competitive
 legislative
 regulatory
There can be no assurance that we will be able to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available under our credit facilities in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our debt obligations
 including obligations under our credit facilities
We have a significant amount of goodwill on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. Under generally accepted accounting principles
 goodwill must be evaluated for impairment annually or more frequently if events indicate it is warranted. If the carrying value of our reporting units exceeds their current fair value as determined based on the discounted future cash flows of the related business
 the goodwill is considered impaired and is reduced to fair value by a non-cash charge to earnings. Events and conditions that could result in impairment in the value of our goodwill include changes in the industry in which we operate
 particularly the impact of a downturn in the global economy or the economies of geographic regions or countries in which we operate
 as well as competition
 adverse changes in the regulatory environment
Media campaigns related to food production and regulatory and customer focus on environmental
In addition
 regulators
 stockholders
 customers and other interested parties have focused increasingly on the environmental
 social and governance practices of companies. This has led to an increase in regulations and may continue to cause us to be subject to additional regulations in the future. Our customers or other interested parties may also require us to implement certain environmental
 social or governance procedures or standards before doing or continuing to do business with us. This increased attention on environmental
 social and governance practices could have a material adverse effect on our business
Acquisitions may be structured in such a manner that would result in the assumption of unknown liabilities not disclosed by the seller or uncovered during pre-acquisition due diligence. For example
We may pursue additional opportunities to acquire complementary businesses
We intend to continue to pursue selective acquisitions of complementary businesses in the future. Inherent in any future acquisitions are certain risks such as increasing leverage and debt service requirements and combining company cultures and facilities
 which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results
 particularly during the period immediately following such acquisitions. Additional debt or equity capital may be required to complete future acquisitions
 and there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise the required capital. Furthermore
 acquisitions involve a number of risks and challenges
The United Kingdom&#8217;s June 2016 referendum in which voters approved an exit from the European Union (commonly referred to as &#8220;Brexit&#8221;) and subsequent negotiations related to the referendum has caused and may continue to cause volatility in the global stock markets
 currency exchange rate fluctuations and global economic uncertainty
on any agreements the U.K. makes to retain access to markets in the European Union following the U.K.&#8217;s withdrawal from the European Union. In addition
 we expect that Brexit could lead to legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations as the U.K. determines which European Union laws to replicate or replace. If the U.K. were to significantly alter its regulations affecting the food industry
 we could face significant new costs. It may also be time-consuming and expensive for us to alter our internal operations in order to comply with new regulations. Additionally
 Moy Park&#8217;s results of operations may be adversely affected if the U.K. is unable to secure replacement trade agreements and arrangements on terms as favorable as those currently enjoyed by the U.K. Any of the effects of Brexit could adversely affect our business
 business opportunities
 results of operations
381
94
18
6
54
Due to the impact of  Hurricane Maria in 2017
 our Puerto Rico facilities were not operational in January and February 2018
In the U.S.
 our corporate offices share a building with JBS in Greeley
 Colorado. We own a building in Richardson
 Texas
 which houses our computer data center. We also own office buildings in Broadway
 Virginia
 and Pittsburg
 Texas
 which house additional administrative
 sales and marketing
 research and development
 and other support functions. We also lease office buildings in Bentonville
 Arkansas
 and Cincinnati
 Ohio for members of our sales team and building space in Carrollton
 Texas
In Mexico
 we own an office building for administration in G&#243;mez Palacio
 Durango and lease an office building for Mexican corporate officers in Santiago de Quer&#233;taro
In the U.K.
 we lease office space in Craigavon
 U.K.
 which houses administrative
 sales
 marketing and other support personnel
 and office space in Portadown
 U.K.
 which houses information technology personnel. We also lease a space in Ballymena
Most of our U.S. property
&#32;for tax years 2009 and 2010
&#32;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Between September 2
 2016 and October 13
 2016
 a series of purported federal class action lawsuits styled as 
&#32;other producers by and on behalf of direct and indirect purchasers of broiler chickens alleging violations of federal and state antitrust and unfair competition laws. The complaints seek
 among other relief
 treble damages for an alleged conspiracy among defendants to reduce output and increase prices of broiler chickens from the period of January 2008 to the present. The class plaintiffs have filed three consolidated amended complaints: one on behalf of direct purchasers and two on behalf of distinct groups of indirect purchasers. Between December 2017 and January 2019
Affiliated Foods
 Inc.
 et al.
 v. Claxton Poultry Farms
 Inc.
 et al.
Sysco Corp. v. Tyson Foods Inc.
 et al
US Foods Inc. v. Tyson Foods Inc.
 et al
Action Meat Distributors
 Inc. et al.
 v. Claxton Poultry Farms
 Inc.
 et al.
Jetro Holdings
 LLC
 v. Tyson Foods
 Inc. et al.
Associated Grocers of the South
 Inc. et al.
 v. Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 et al.
The Kroger Co.
 et al. v. Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 et al.
Ahold Delhaize USA
 Inc. v. Koch Foods
 Inc.
 et al.
Samuels as Trustee In Bankruptcy for Central Grocers
 Inc. et al v. Norman W. Fries
 Inc.
 d/b/a Claxton Poultry Farms
 Inc. et al.
W. Lee Flowers &amp; Company
 Inc. v. Norman W. Fries
 Inc.
 d/b/a Claxton Poultry Farms
 Inc. et al.
BJ's Wholesale Club
 Inc. v. Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 et al.
&#32;United Supermarkets LLC
 et al. v. Tyson Foods Inc.
 et al.
Associated Wholesale Grocers
 Inc. v. Koch Foods
 Inc.
 et al.
 Case No. 1:18-cv-06316 (transferred from the U.S. District Court for the District of Kansas on September 17
 2018
Shamrock Foods Company and United Food Service
 Inc. v. Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 et al.
Winn-Dixie Stores
 Inc.
 et al. v. Koch Foods
 Inc.
 et al.
Quirch Foods
 LLC
 f/k/a Quirch Foods Co. v. Koch Foods
 Inc.
 et al.
&#32;Sherwood Food Distributors
 L.L.C.
et al. v. Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 et al.
&#32;Case No. 19-cv-00354)
Hooters of America
 LLC v. Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 et al
 Case No. 1:19-cv-00390 (N.D. Ill.) were filed with the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois by individual direct purchaser entities
 the allegations of which largely mirror those in the class action complaints. Substantial completion of document discovery for most Defendants
 including PPC
 occurred on July 18
 2018.  The Court&#8217;s scheduling order currently requires completion of fact discovery on October 14
 2019; class certification briefing and expert reports proceeding from November 12
 2019 to July 14
On October 10
 2016
 Patrick Hogan
 acting on behalf of himself and a putative class of persons who purchased shares of PPC&#8217;s stock between February 21
 2014 and October 6
 2016
 filed a class action complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Colorado against PPC and its named executive officers. The complaint alleges
 among other things
 that PPC&#8217;s SEC filings contained statements that were rendered materially false and misleading by PPC&#8217;s failure to disclose that (i) the Company colluded with several of its industry peers to fix prices in the broiler-chicken market as alleged in the 
 (ii) its conduct constituted a violation of federal antitrust laws
 (iii) PPC&#8217;s revenues during the class period were the result of illegal conduct and (iv) that PPC lacked effective internal control over financial reporting. The complaint also states that PPC&#8217;s industry was anticompetitive. On April 4
 2017
 the Court appointed another stockholder
 George James Fuller
 as lead plaintiff. On May 11
 2017
 the plaintiff filed an amended complaint
 which extended the end date of the putative class period to November&#160;17
 2017. PPC and the other defendants moved to dismiss on June 12
 2017
 and the plaintiff filed its opposition on July 12
 2017. PPC and the other defendants filed their reply on August 1
 2017. On March 14
 2018
plaintiff&#8217;s complaint without prejudice and issued final judgment in favor of PPC and the other defendants. On April 11
 2018
 the plaintiff moved for reconsideration of the Court&#8217;s decision and for permission to file a Second Amended Complaint. PPC and the other defendants filed a response to the plaintiff&#8217;s motion on April 25
 2018. On November 19
 2018
 the Court denied the plaintiff&#8217;s motion for reconsideration and granted plaintiff leave to file a Second Amended Complaint. As of January 18
 2019
On January 27
 2017
&#32;other producers in the Eastern District of Oklahoma
 alleging
 among other things
 a conspiracy to reduce competition for grower services and depress the price paid to growers. Plaintiffs allege violations of the Sherman Act and the Packers and Stockyards Act and seek
 among other relief
 treble damages. The complaint was consolidated with a subsequently filed consolidated amended class action complaint styled as 
 Case No. CIV-17-033-RJS (the &#8220;Grower Litigation&#8221;). The defendants (including PPC) jointly moved to dismiss the consolidated amended complaint on September 9
 2017. The Court initially held oral argument on January 19
 2018
 during which it considered and granted only motions from certain other defendants  who were challenging jurisdiction. Oral argument on the remaining pending motions in the Oklahoma court occurred on April 20
 2018. Rulings on the motion are pending. In addition
 on March 12
 2018
 the Northern District of Texas
 Fort Worth Division (&#8220;Bankruptcy Court&#8221;) enjoined plaintiffs from litigating the Grower Litigation complaint as pled against the Company because allegations in the consolidated complaint violate the confirmation order relating to the Company&#8217;s 2008-2009 bankruptcy proceedings.  Specifically
 the 2009 bankruptcy confirmation order bars any claims against the Company based on conduct occurring before December 28
 2009. On March 13
 2018
 Pilgrim&#8217;s notified the trial court of the Bankruptcy Court&#8217;s injunction. To date
On March 9
 2017
DiSalvio v. Lovette
 et al.
 No. 2017 cv. 30207
 was brought against all of PPC&#8217;s directors and its Chief Financial Officer
 Fabio Sandri
 in the District Court for the County of Weld in Colorado. The complaint alleges
 among other things
 that the named defendants breached their fiduciary duties by failing to prevent PPC and its officers from engaging in an antitrust conspiracy as alleged in the 
 and issuing false and misleading statements as alleged in the Hogan class action litigation. On April 17
 2017
Brima v. Lovette
 et al.
 No. 2017 cv. 30308
 was brought against all of PPC&#8217;s directors and its Chief Financial Officer in the District Court for the County of Weld in Colorado. The Brima complaint contains largely the same allegations as the DiSalvio complaint. On May 4
 2017
 the plaintiffs in both the DiSalvio and Brima actions moved to (i) consolidate the two stockholder derivative cases
 (ii) stay the consolidated action until the resolution of the motion to dismiss in the Hogan putative securities class action
 and (iii) appoint co-lead counsel. The Court granted the motion on May 8
 2017
In January 2018
Raul v. Nogueira de Souza
 et al.
 was filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Colorado against the Company
 as nominal defendant
 as well as the Company&#8217;s directors
 its Chief Financial Officer
 and majority stockholder
 JBS S.A. The complaint alleges
 among other things
 that (i) defendants permitted the Company to omit material information from its proxy statements filed in 2014 through 2017 related to the conduct of Wesley Mendon&#231;a Batista and Joesley Mendon&#231;a Batista
 (ii) the individual defendants and JBS S.A. breached their fiduciary duties by failing to prevent the Company and its officers from engaging in an antitrust conspiracy as alleged in the Broiler Litigation and (iii) issuing false and misleading statements as alleged in the Hogan class action litigation. On May 17
 2018
 the plaintiffs filed an unopposed motion to stay proceedings pending a final resolution of the Hogan class action litigation. The court-ordered deadline for the defendants to file an answer or otherwise respond to the complaint was originally set for July 30
 2018. This deadline was extended to August 31
 2018
 at which time the plaintiffs filed an unopposed motion to voluntarily dismiss the complaint without prejudice. The Court granted the plaintiffs&#8217; motion on September 4
On January 25
 2018
Sciabacucchi v. JBS S.A.
 et al.
 was brought against all of PPC&#8217;s directors
 JBS S.A.
 JBS USA Holding Lux S.&#224; r.l. (&#8220;JBS Holding Lux&#8221;) and several members of the Batista family
 in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (the &#8220;Chancery Court&#8221;). The complaint alleges
 among other things
 that the named defendants breached their fiduciary duties arising out of the Company&#8217;s acquisition of Moy Park. On March 15
 2018
 the members of the Batista family were dismissed from the action without prejudice by stipulation. On March 20
 2018
 nominal defendant PPC filed its answer. On March 20
 2018
 the remaining defendants
 including PPC&#8217;s directors
 JBS S.A.
 and JBS Holding Lux moved to dismiss the complaint. On April 19
 2018
 director defendants Bell
 Macaluso
 and Cooper filed their opening brief in support of their motion to dismiss. On April 19
 2018
 defendants JBS S.A.
 JBS Holding Lux
 and director defendants Lovette
 Nogueira de Souza
 Tomazoni
 Farahat
 Molina
 and de Vasconcellos
 Jr. filed their opening brief in support of their motion to dismiss. On May&#160;24
 2018
 Employees Retirement System of the City of St. Louis filed a derivative complaint
 which was virtually identical to the Sciabacucchi complaint. On July 2
 2018
 the Chancery Court granted a stipulation consolidating the cases and making the first complaint (Sciabacucchi) the operative complaint. On July 3
 2018
 the plaintiffs dismissed the Special Committee defendants&#8212;Bell
 Macaluso and Cooper. On July 9
 2018
 the plaintiffs dismissed de Vasconcellos
 Jr. and filed their opposition to the motion to dismiss by the entity and non-Special Committee defendants
 who filed their reply on August 9
15
 2018
 the parties argued the dismissal of the remaining defendants (JBS S.A.
 JBS Holding Lux
 and director defendants Lovette
 Nogueira de Souza
 Tomazoni
 Farahat
 and Molina) before the Chancery Court. After arguments concluded
 the Chancery Court asked the parties to submit supplemental briefing on the viability  of an additional ground for dismissal. The parties filed their respective supplemental briefs on December 21
The Company believes it has strong defenses in each of the above litigations and intends to contest them vigorously. The Company cannot predict the outcome of these actions nor when they will be resolved. If the plaintiffs were to prevail in any of these litigations
 the Company could be liable for damages
Item 5. Market for the Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
The Company estimates there were approximately 41
February&#160;13
The Company has no current intention to pay any dividends to its stockholders. Any change in dividend policy will depend upon future conditions
 including earnings and financial condition
 general business conditions
Both the U.S. Credit Facility and the indentures governing the Company&#8217;s senior notes restrict
 but do not prohibit
 the Company from declaring dividends. The terms of the Moy Park Multicurrency Revolving Facility Agreement restrict Moy Park&#8217;s ability and the ability of certain of Moy Park&#8217;s subsidiaries to
 among other things

begin 644 brandstripv2a01.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ D 0  #_X2#417AI9@  34T *@    @ !@ +  (
M   F   (8@$2  
    !  $   $Q  (    F   (B $R  (    4   (KH=I


M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M                     %=I;F1O=W
@4&AO=&\@161I=&]R(#$P+C N
3 P
M
3$N

3 N

M    0 $     0  $:0 @ $     0  #R@         8     $   !@


30T-!\G.3TX
CPN
S0R_]L 0P$)0D,PP8#0T8

M(3(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R_\  $0@ -0$  P$A  (1 0
1 ?_$ !\   $% 0$! 0$!
M   ! @
$!08' D*__$ +40  (! P
! ,%!00$   !?0$ P $$042(3%!
XN;KP\3%QL?(R<K2T]35UM?8V=KAXN/D

! 0$! 0$! 0$        ! @
$!08'

1 #\ ]_HH ** B@ HH ** B@ H[4 9UWJ*H



M[@ 

^V:XI9I0C6E1LW*.]D7&C.2
MNB32_BEJVLO*FG:)97#Q#

8?RV/*
-KW\Q3IRA\1HU%<7




M[3$235;TD1;QE8D'WI&]AD #N36-_8.FW,]XPUC5.K2WG[W'KM4\*/8N+'

%WIZN5A'[VU&=C ==@_A/L.*Z&VN(KNVBN('
M#Q2J'1AW!Z5UX.M[6E&7=&56'+-HEJ&XN$A7YI(U;'&]L5T5)J$;MV
XIR=D

MJ'7?[SV(4(*$O:=/\M#H]-6&&_ND$3'$AN!D*/2MJO8P%O9671O\SS*]^:Y
MXSKWB3PYXA\6W



T.IR
MQI+#9N;;9D?:4;&2/]W'(]:]*^'7_)/]'_ZXG_T(UI@[K&UHM;*/ZG#CL1]9


M&H







MUJ^D&.SBDD@D^SW;Q;&'WU&20/ICFMO8Q7V_P


 &


/:'J7O$.

=?;KG\ZY
5%N5J

3BL<%EU'!N3I]3.=1









MNT78MC9:CM&U)MXB?'^T/R/XHG%WYH[E)K9F7'X4O]:U!;KQ$;6.S1_,7
M3K7)21^S2L0-W^[C'J379@8&!2I4^1.^['.5SE?&OA*3Q9:6]LMTL1/O.5W
M9_6H+'X=Z5!80QSM

D^'-F9A
M+%J5]&P& 2X?CT^8'T%1)\

M;8W]+\+:5I
OG00%[C_GM
Q=_P S2^)M%;7=(-I'*L4@D21'9=P!4YZ5I&DE







M=#TB=75I9#IF868U8F1D-2UB83-D+3$Q9&$M860S
2UD
S-D-S4Q.#)F
6(B

2XP+R(^/'AM



M
3$M
#)4
34Z
#4Z

M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
MB @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
MB @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( \/WAP86-K970@
M96YD/2=W)S\^_]L 0P # @(# @(# P
#! 




1! 4A
08205$'
M87$3(C*!!1D:&QP0DC


MEYB9FJ*CI*6FIZBIJK*SM+6VM[BYNL+#Q
7&Q\C)RM+3U-76U]C9VN+CY.7F
MY^CIZO+S]/7V]_CY^O_:  P# 0 $0,1 #\ _5.BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B

M?$ NKJWTB)LK#^_FP?XB
*I_ DD?[IKT'P7J0U3POIMQN#
T*JY']X###\P:


M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@


@@Y



M$MY/)-/(TDTC;G=L98DY)XX'-=U\


YQPENXD8_0
M+FO
/%7CR_\ &EQ'86J_9+25Q&D.?GE8D ;B#P.1P/?)/&.4O+.?3[AX+J&2
ZMIT5W*[)=2Q* TJL54)$@KA<
M@G&68GZ(_P&;_A)_P!$M\%_^$]9_P#QNOPW-/%G+
KQU; U*$VZ4G%OW;73


$&F?\ R-7T
B?M._P#1
M2S_X(-,_^1J_4C3_ (#?!;5]+M]3L?AWXO=-N(5N(;RWT.RDADB8;@ZN(RI


DX




M6TOF33P:JNT*BO\ 




JFB;M;9OH_(NMETZ
'-M:'ZA?



$]O
M7P!_P16)/[+/BGGIXRNO_2*QK[_K]G/)BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ I.M+2&


I_
_]!!K(N/VR/A%;'GQ8'_ZXV%U)


;)?PG]QS2SC 0WK+[SZ-W&D



?FW-
M_?2K%#$N0
LQ/&20 .I) ')H UMPXXK@_BE\=OA]\$]/-[XZ\8:3X9C
9ECA


/BIOA_\ LZ:3=VT-S+);)K_V

MN-/M[QII))#MXN+LEFE8Y*D1GK@B1A7A9GG6!RB'-BIV;V2UD_1'H87 U\6[

S2+(/7F/N*R=/_



M'?B;X+0MAKFXT7S+:-0


&*Z9
M(S6UZ0HRQ%O


M..YP0. 2.
^)W[&_PD^

M7=A\XJU*LJ

M]_?_ !J^&D9!FTC6)]^N6






M ?H#7QW%6#H8O*ZOMK)Q5T^S/4RRM.CBH.'5V/#/\^WXO3/AW\-TNHH]3U

^GSS


?2O

KX@T&22-
WEJ#+$P')'\2_0@?F

MP !:W(93ZG#$$?3G'J:LW'QJTU5S'8W;D#.6J/Q^;(_*O(MV5SVQG/M7IWP
MP\!I-'%K6H)OR0UKXX&.DASU)[=L8/4\?+9%Q!Q!FU:.HS6F[:V/0Q^79?
M@Z;K23UV5SI]%U'Q#XF59I(%T*P(X&/,N']
C:H^H)XZ#K74V]NMNN%+$]V

M_P %JO\ DZ;PM_V)EK_Z77U?M37XK?\ !:K_ ).F\+?]B9:_^EU]0!];_P#!
M.O\ Y


[
2 J@ DD





M5RUDUU9\-P[X?X++



L['!P%!


:KO*RL?F^G JS'#<6KS6EZNR[M96MYU4Y D0E6&?8@C\!5G3
M-);5+Y(41GW-C:BEF//0 9))Z #DYQ7UR<)P4U:Q\Q)SI3<)7NM&/1]5D@$





MW8_0[]G/1TF^(#RA
I8V3;7]&)5 #]5W?E7U%VKPS]F'32EEKM^P_P!;-';@

MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HK/U36M/T.&.;4+VWL8I)%B22

L9
M( 8IG(&2.2

2R DOMV[L  ]-R_G42J0B
MG*3LD)R45=LZ:BO-I/VB/ 


M4L?S$JZDAE.!U!!'X'TK6\*_$#P_XTDN(]%U2&_DMPK2K$3E0V=I.1WP?RKF



_YS7G__  OKP)_T
=I_X]_A1_POKP'_ -#'

#@8!0D#D@@DDG)^H_
TGX4:8+*RAA
MN=:DC_T:PCP%B7H)),?=4$8 '+$8' 9E\O\ AM\*-8^,&K+XP\;W$TVGR8:

MU-?
_PU1:6VG^+M$M;:&.&'30B11J%5%#L   
8 & !C&
=Z^D?A?_ 
DW

/Q


?<E7U&8 S2GH@Z[%]AW/<@GC@#5F\






S32*!GY690OT'/'J6]37
MA-==X3\3:OX'M8-0C19](O)&4PN_!9
MW%K5]O


M5;6.]L[J








(V)4;B
J#SQA-HSZE
MNA/'
6^HSQ#;#JUK:\_+''RI^)$9S]2#[FKW@WPG)XMO+F25W%O #)+(2S

M6KJ=1\_Q
Z*7L
+!86&\4;/PGBEN?'EC$5BM-24K()H]JQ7$9=2&(7Y2=P7!

M^O\ H


XSS7P61YYAL@S;$4ZR]R4GKVU.O'
M8&KC\)2G!^\EMW/H9:3\


M[A1(F2

M
3/S'C#CO%9E
M7GA


Q&$J*M0J.
E
MU39^+?P\^*FF^-M%DFFDBL;ZU3?=P2
 JK_ST!)^[_+./0GB/#?A#6OVO?CM
MI/A'0#)#IBL0]Z(7DCL[52#+=2+D#N  2H8F-
@D&N]_X*(?L4R_LJ_$)-9\
M

6U<QPU-SF_



MN/\ @BI_R:SXJ_['.Z_](;&OT K\_P#_ ((J?\FL^*O^QSNO_2&QK] *_OL^

:]C64X\



*=3$4WF



T

Y5 V?FP/B_\ X*F7


H=;:Z/C6WT^:^N/)


:D8P54*6(SU*@Y!(KZ._;K_ &@-

Q
N6FNBW9XA/_ 
$QM1DM_P!UXDTP38Z-!)C\\Y_'
M'X5\U?M ?LJ^


TRQN&21F&0&)! !! P0!7





55_X)Q6


?F6(HXN%.F]';3U+R_*Z%:C*K5;

NIF$448[R
0J#\20/QK][?#

\OP5/&5IJ;=HG
&=7@^S:II%V]G<Q!]X#*<9#8 ((P0<<@@\=!S\B[6XZ'I
M7;_&CQ<GQ^
WC[Q/$S/;:GKEW/;LQSF'S&6+!'! 14Y[BN-9=RUWT92J4U*



M

D/F)N6-% W-C.
Y8=


 J2?//VP\_VEX1_ZY7F/SMZY\9R_P!E
MSY'?UWN9U^7ZI+E/#__A35?&6J?V=HUK]KO/*,WEF14^4$ G+$9(+#C).?
M2NLN?V?_ !]:PM)_PCYDC)6*ZA)X]MXS^&3Z UM_LM\_%0?]@^;_P!CK[#
MZBO(RK**&.PWM)MIG%A
%3Q%+GD]3\Y)(9M/O-KI+:7=O)@JRF.6&13Z8!5@




M!_Z9FOO

\N1Y9QZ[U09[ GUK*^&?@:;QYJVIVL2;GMM
N


_2$?-2US'PY\5)XT\%Z3K*[=US K2*IX60?*ZCZ
&'X5TX-?LU.


L4+;
M1D@9; R1BJ'@[QEJW@/6(]1T:Y:WER#)#D^5.H_AD7(!!&1GJ
Y!!YK[YU&U

L;YSN4$@'/?
M( YQWIYI@?[*J0J4)O4




M

C$$=#^\ /^[[5+\*?AW?_


M&G:(C;?GOY05C(!!#,!YBIZKP[U[MFOR)_X+'?$R\\:_&#P'\)](W7*Z;;





MZ?\ U^/RK\RQ^?XW&5I3Y['U.&RZA0IJ-C9B\1*TXFEM_(N0
[L6,4JCV/?
MZ$X]J[[0_B!!K%F^C^()$N;.Z4P)JKL^\
;95_@;N&  /48Q7D_F)NV[AGC


8$J#C/IG. 1V)!Z$9QWD;R^N0H)53G SC.!VS@=N

M

M



%%%(6Q2VW 0?2EJ-ID7DL/SJLNJ6C2^6+F$R?W?
M&?RS6$J]*+M*2^\I1D]D7J*:K;A3JW335T2-SUK.UO6+;0=-FOKIBL$0!8@$

ZK+J+QYG 8<XSCRPW7 ].E?%TC;I#(YW



MYZUU4\JJY?%/!5I1MT;NON.7

M?YJKN5STR5R


CD

@XKTS5/


/U!']3P7@S4;?2?%&GW5TX6WC=MS')@H


1T:2




M?_ $NO





KJ0RLJLI# $?@W





M[I7MWZ^I[U:526$E[6-F=Q_P14_Y-9\5?]CG=?\ I#8U^@%?G_\ \$5/^36?
M%7_8YW7_ *0V-?H!7]K'R(4444 %%%% !2-TI:1J .(^-/C
_#SX3^*_$2.(

6.CVT8]





(3Q#M&









XKXRTOX=ZQ-:QK#93/P






T2R9CIV@V

M[5&3[9V_CBOSD^ ?QJOOV??BAI?CRM6UWC22UOK!7&XMI
;E!Q@



6CZE=6;
M'2M(==1NF.
*5!
O^%_!S^_#MY<2?8+6:VBM
MI)XUPIG:*(E4#

O2K?))
MJ
@PPX)!\J

MF.*0W+C&?N MT]V 'T-?I5\!_#1N?$'A'3BOW62ZER.






EJ^
+)#=R@K[X+E2?J#7S^78+'8C#.6'J6CV/-PM#$5*


M=V



/\ -ZXGP[X




M?QR\8^)OB)HFEZAJ$
EE=2.LJ+;(I($;L
$#(Y45]3[OD)/I7GWAWX$^_V
MM6NK:=I4D%];


C@\-7JOXFW8\FA65&E

RQ[MI=BSD)D9P22!D= 
BO7K/]I)/!?A^
MWT7PGH$5G8VR8BN-4FWO(222SHF!N)))(?J3@56^%/[.^H^/+6'5=6G?2-&E


?BIDDTVPN(8Y!E9
M+32\1'Z/(&4C_@5/UC7/CGX?TFXU35+Z2QL($\R2286& 


'SXE\+WEFG^OV

(4F(_=






M9)M;ZN+\_4ROA5


M84


]@P(KXK_;T\%KXH^%/Q4TT1KNAL_[4C8@9

FA3JHQL%LYCA7W/D$GW)KZ@K\W?^)
M_BM;OX4_$CPN&7=INNPZB5 Y N8!&#GN#]DX^AK](Z_75L?*R5G897GOQ0OK








7WM_P;D/[:WB!-'T

GGIR
M0



M4)KA4MX3*WDS2VXN&B1!D[02.?WBKG(/'M7M'Q.^ -C'X+&L1WL6MZ5O%O.W
&!-0_ 7PK_PCOA.(NNR38(B


W):4W$[


MJV&RM:2LK]$?(9YD='





M.68DD
YD(SZ#'2O

8WX&['MG-?.W[._@U'DL2T($

7%F(HU

M[#Z6BBOTT^'BBB@ K\5O^U7_)TWA;_ +$RU_\ 2Z^K]J:_%;_@M5_R=-X6




!A


M0!\ _P#!0KQ*=8^*G@SPRI/E:;8R:A)\PP6ED*@$=B!;G_OY7S9(F







@V<*G;I/^T
G\Z^8EP_GN9OFQ^+Y$_LPT_$]
MRGC

M$OFS38(^0L


M@-+*3(1[DDU\_&+X^?'&\\0:]X0\6_$/4XY=+NYK\MM'E2TBD9258%H%C9







MEV$F#&=H.
X.
^A]*Y

=S%:_%$/-*L2FPE4
M
[  DM'P
]^#^1KZUU'Q+I6CVS7%]J5K9P*.9;B944?B2*^ I/^L8P^B:A[
M[K*3'ZK1;^$=7N)-MOH.HROZ16,C'\@I_E7S^7YI7P-#V,:39YN&Q4\/3Y%

/C/.V($
7
M8+$XO%_7
0K).YOAJ%6K6]O55CQG]KCQ8%M]%\-Q/\TCF^N%4\A5!6
$=P27

[3R
8KHOBY'K_C+
MXB:S?IHNJ/;+

M=GU//P//0KNG):







M;0M*5'E.






/CCPU



MP9;J58USZ9) KXF:/XF
FQD\:E2




K6


MA#
[J);66V2VM#]J M0)!SRUH=D9$8\H$*FZ3WOI7T^&K.M[C:QZE.3FKM


M@!D8C]XA/0@@%A_$ 2
'.[3L?!=CI7B.75[


#LYC&2 6


]6@C;(


Y]NOX9-=!#9OXFO+3P]HWSP*0TL^-R@#JQ[$ \^A8@


M

M*W_LU?0+'Y3VKY+^
/B@:2OC77RVQ=/M[NY+GL((FY_\AY^@KU..N6C@\-A:


W7M371])N[UQN6&-





\+3VL6GB:2[G.[8[!L*.
M !CDDD@ G/2O /VSO&*^']#T_P )6LJEK2W$
H0\-/
-TA(]HP3D=YJ\RG&O



M-JZP. G)=$?O6955@\-)K:

R]V/+$?4DG\:XW]K7QA
M_P (GX)TOPU'+BZCA
\R@C(N9@RJ
CH40RGZ;?7GTVQNK/18)]=U0XTW3@)&



ME_LJ?R.+O4ITTZW)_P!K[YSZ8.
]L59^*/B2;Q)XSO[F:9K@Q.T9DX^=@Q
C

5U'PZT%]0\7:-IX'.GVOF-QD?:)B%P1WP&)Y]./6O1NL)@I5+:O






_2O*-/C$U_:QGD-*BG/H6 KZ)_9SMUN/%7B*5ES-'=R




M8$B.-%+
Q !.  3P
P!6087 $BN%#-M )
MS7YAQ9QAA.&\70PN80;HU4]5JXM-6TZKOU]=CZ7)*^+P-=8W!2Y:D/N?DS\R



6/AWPUI5M
MHVC6*.TM5PJCN23DLQ/+
Q+
22222:_*N)/$C*(9=5P62J4ZE6+BY25E%-

M^DEY7VM7Q3_P5G_Y-OT#_L:;?_TDO*_(O#O_ )*C!_XG^3/$QW^[2.Y_X(J?


%D7\8_
KIPU)UZT*2ZM(Y
966'P\ZKZ)GYOZ7/-




M35D (-S)D!L$8.U0\A!X(C(K\HQLZV4XZ&%P

AM

MVYO/!FIW4VJ0(9%T_4&1EN

M/$_VZ*;^T))V
KN7'!))R#D@@\$$C '%?L$C%H5]U_I59IBLTRRK3J5*U^;6





-SFO@#1?#]UXP\31MJ
D^L:UJ=PBRW5




M#$$D@XXP3PGQ[^ ]E\*_VB-#\&Z1?2:G::M!;3PQS;?/B
DYBV

M49))/0 9.?:OPYD?4/BYXYUSQ$MO


M=C\*-#EU;Q.K1H7:
:8V.6X*MC)[0BW\^GXGG5&ZD52CO+0^T/V??
=UXVT

M;C)C/8CMBO80*_!
CI2CA?;5/BJ/F?S/UC!451H1@D/HHHKZ
[PHHHH ****



VC



M #_ME6.(K8FCAG.HES7)J3JPI.4K7/HEK*!C//2G



I)P!

M7$W7[4G@2WNAMY=3#/^N2UD_D0?P!J#]H+5K77O@>^IV4AEL[LVEQ#(RE
M2T;2(RG# $$@@X(R/8UA6QE/V$Y4)7:1G.O'DDZ;U1ZAX5UV/Q1X;TS6(HGA
MBOK:.Y6.3&Y0ZA@#COS6MCVKA/AQJUKH?P



GKS36)H2G[.


M[1W@KPSJLFG2WLUY=1







M0^+M
MW;/;6OAF322YLKL@*'D*$LZ*26JNY\*(]Q*^6_PRQXJ_9ZTW]CK1]8TV

MHCQ[X-^$'C.T^&/PU\$79L+[7A:1W%U=R;V167.68L\
I4(T:B

M\+?%7P;_ 

M%26)R!8\$^--7_X)H_M ?%J'QSX.U_5?A/XRU)-5TGQ-HMN+F*VS+*RI(25
M8+

P8&$
J

M$!=H;U%*

IB0JPW
']7_8Q^
WQ4T_\



M\!6TOS%FUN]3 .



C7&K2F%3!&P#
MM K*6 !(SE3(



M: FZU6[DG*$##K$IV)D\8+A&&??WKW'5/AC%I_@RZMK &?42%D:9N&D*D':.



K5E.$X*V\;_K_ 
 ^'_#W
M[/
FJ21_9_[6U;YAC[#:D+GIDD!L#ZD8]:]N\ ?!RZ^'-X)G@M]++Y$UF9_.





N9#


M:




MAC*?^!U]0_\ #[SP1_T33Q!_X&P?X5^L'F'Z4T5^:W_#[SP1_P!$T\0?^!L'

X


MN_L;PW$T*S$
I'F7
!_4;C9)/+J=TH!W?*!
M''^!#S$^ZBOM/-?FE^U%XG/C3]HOQ'*KB2TT9(]


M-
^/W[3'P_\ AW\0(?/C'PQ=:[ML8KY;JUANDB+O(I4J[!E($:G(!R&'I7


]NP




:[8+6/.1'&@)PH



MK



M*2*[KXN_MV?OQ[\,_$'AL:9XDOGU:QEM#EDL91F4@$NT@ VD@Y!/3C-89C
M2Q^

CK7JO[




MVROVI/#7[1UKX5L/#6G:S:1Z1=2W




T*$KI=
MPQ^:*0 86)F.4;@#=L.
+N^5+F'RY2I*LP/WE((_
?YXK]+/%G_!4#X=VWAN
M6;0=!U_5];=/W.GW=LMO$KD=)9-[ *.^T




M[(_559*R'4445J
**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** DI:1NE 'S)^V5)+L\
1

))4Y75T5B9PJ479W/5O!_PMT+


 8  KRK]E./[#XA\=V$;.;:V
MF@6-68G&'N%S]2$7GKQS7T0A_P!&'^[7SW^R\?\ BM/B+_U\0\_]M;FHJ4X4
M\1A^1=_R)E,:M*RL'B7_D[CP]_UZ_\ MXJ+]I+4)_$OCGPCX(6=X+6ZEBF




MSQ_X;9K;6=+TJUDN6A'S/&L2_O

M1\96O@C1I[Q_!WB+7M4OI7:35+6R
R

3)J%[JGQR\/


DCM@%0-C DDCE02
C)V?@#\6](\(:!)X5\2

697.

MQ+;(SJ=J
YRX&T85#WS482CK1IJ5:S732]S.C
X13GJNAY'^UK]H_M[P/]

(6=I8E9KAL8+.



'8HS<
M1W
]NBCS8W#K-&1F.56!.X




]TQT:1]0TZ.(J));A20D<:[UR^\@Y(&2K

M@0
D5Y_^PWH


MVC_\%!OAEK^AZY-;6^O6?B317@2]\*:Q8?8=2@69E6.5TD(7R]S*RL2#)&N
MTL2O[_H/BRQU[PAIOB2/?;:??6


PC

M!@A\@ H7^B/BYXX6^D;0[7S(8V_TME.0S \1@^W?Z8_OOF\^SBCDN#E7J/

M4

M



;$(KA@RX(
MBE;&4R.&U#P/\*_$_PV!I_P_L?#/A6Y\/O<7L5W:Z;IUY9W-M-!9ABDLA=8
M7!D:0@0KA0D9)R:]6IPC@K_NFX7[




MF:7_ */)933A86EDE99



L)(.0ZAAU&.N2
M!U.HI\6O VD_P!HZ@/'?A[2\J/MEU]NMK?+8VCS#A

MJQFO[T/^9/AG!1:E3K6OMK^1^O$&L?#N-@5AML]?WEDY_FO%;UO\0OMO&$

O'


*2^31$N%*
M=5V==M^I^R4WQ


MTO5==\337Z3?9Y-/O;RY
JS;MIC


M2^MY_+NY#&?+G$+R/$0LT;-N4
%;.#DO3//['ES_PFWQ%T#QCK%Q:W'@BQ
MM]3GM/#]H+F;5()(VD(MGE:
*0%Y92S$?PY-_V+C
3IB\3)KM&T4:QR[)
R?;+KV8;@$4^S!P.U<3X;^?



16

M;'M6D6*Z;I=I:+PD


\N-GV[L'&=N
X.
]*_*KXF?'#QG\7+V27Q'K4\
M]J7W)IT!

 DXKWS]O?1?$EW\4K:\L+#5)M(CT*
3W


G!4CM70#\J^@34E='XI4IRI3=.:LUHSR
MO_ADWX(?]$;^'_\ X2]C_P#&J/\ ADWX(?\ 1&_A_P#^$O8__&J_&W]EW1OC

M+IMGH^EVD8BMK&P@6%!T5(U 51[  5\#?\$B?&5OH/['?CSQ'XDU22/3-)


M#I





VK&,-K8I#@<GD#DYJ:1=R^_:JLDB(I
M#NJ\')8@=J_1Y;'Y!3UDKGZ=? W04\+_  D\*V@!UL(I)<'(\QU#R$'TW
U



C3R_%](
I




9YN6C*0*.




MMKF/E+A;9/



Q!8


MK
9?^$4TK/\ =:T0I^XVC\JZ_\




;


MS1?&GQF^'WQ+O;Z^M]7\$QZA'8VL#(+:;[7#Y

MYX?TF
B*[_M&;LEF X/_  +.W]:\/^
'[1-CX?T5[_Q-KECX2T%@Z@3S[6N



M] :\/*ZT
-E]&G=:)']=99D]%X6$\1+1K873X_B%\0/&&@Q2^

MWU[J]U)):
V
NDA):

M&/\ 1=5FB/;S8U?^6VMO;\2X?2=&$_1V_
^








=N?S7


M;
P7


M3[O!^P'X7Z_:_%CG_IFL0_E;FMW2OV?:LN[2O$M_W_ -*G
8/U*HGZ?G2G


M=MXDTK1I;*WO':%H+


MV2,'RU%_-=07D8


M$=O$OW4C0*!]
4?4

M:VRWEO;106ZA8-



MZ1\)VI8;&4T];QT^3/U1_:LU*]T?]G/Q?/IJ SO:);OMCW?NI9$CE/X1NYSV

K2UACM[6WUJ]BBAB4*D:+.X55
MP   . 
#BO4O#?[;7Q'\

MXN$(45KZ#X
X;QW#.)Q6+S*:4&M[[V=^9_\ !UU/5_'D'Q?\6_\ !.74-&^'

.^/F*Q $[6 ^\/@S\.
M8OA-\-=#\+1SM=&QA/FS

M52QV9XC$T5[LYR:]&]_GN?E=_P $
?\ FMG_ '!/_;^OK_\ X*0?\F2_%+_K



M 75M:S%0INE51ODAFA\LEE!=3 JF


MDGX16NCPQP6DGAFQO'6-L@W$\2S7#9SU::20D=B2.
8KV#4]-M=:TV[T^^MX
M[NRNXF@G@F4
DL; JRL#U!!((]#7Y1_\$_/^AGA_P /@NZ^$'QJ.J^'&\/


J1R-


M/-C9)%.T!&QO92(Q&H(!B:/_ 
%2/VA?@/-I=C\;/A*;FUF@DB@N;_3KG0;V






MN+^C&KD?[/OC&3K;V2?[USS^BFOJBES6BX6PBWG)_

M3ZSN?Y)4Z_LV^)^]WIH_[:2?_$5]



M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%


WS$/)$ 8V8LQ+

M'YRZY^R)^UE\.%\OPA\5_#WQ'TJ%1B/Q+9BWO96.




(INE55XO1HJ
Y4Y*479H\@NOV?

M

M
#TI-H]!3J*EQB]T SRT_NC\J/+3^Z/RIU%3[.'9#NQOEK_=_2EVCT'Y4ZBG



R94D':1D$YKL/$GA/1?&

Q.(J^WK5'*



TQ^


MLW;/
\I%W;=[XSG&YL=36QXC\



M)(2VQ
F-E)V@'I7?44 ?/?P]_8#_ &?OA=KBZQH'PQTL:BNTQS:I-/J7E
K!

U^[C*FH,K6]ZJ*
M6*QBYA*2B,%V.S=M)))%9'PC_8Q^?P+U8ZGX
^'FEZ;JHD$D6I71EOKF!@K


MM;^4HFQ ]U 4F90H VERN%48X&/7Z* /!/AC^PI\!O@_KBZSX8^&FE0ZJDD4
MT-YJ
DVHO;21MOCDA-R\GE.K $/'M;('/ KWNBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** $I:** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H


C P.\P-R\S,TQ.#HP
M-3HT




M;G

M87@M;G





3DY.2\P
B\R
M




C Q
TP-TR
E0P.3HT
M.3HQ-BTP-#HP

M1&%T93XR





M
$E!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%08E=!045!04%!03!Y
4E50T%G04%!00T*
M04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!

M:&=!04%!55HQ:%I79T%!06EW00T*04%!55EL:%I79T%!06M!04%!055:1S%U


M:&)N:T%!1U)L8S)-04%!04%!04%!16Y.4U(P26=3559$3FI%-4YJ671-:31X
M04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!4PT*8S%*2%%I0DI254TR351K
DYI
'E
:D5!04%!
M04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!

M35=&;&%)04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!0EE75F]G04%!00T*04%!06(V

M
&-$;W9


M04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%:1U9Z67=!





F%75C-!04%!04%!5'!0-$%&1CAU04)$4 T*1D%!1#=C=T%0DU,
M04%.8VYG04%!04995U9O9T%!04%!04)-0U99055!04%!1F-F-3(Q;%E834%!
M04%!04%!04%104%!04%!04%!00T*04%!04%!04%!04%!04%+4$%!04%!;DYP
M6GE!04%!04%1,4I524=.,6-N64%!04%!04%!14%!04%!055!0V=!4$%44%'




3$%T54


'=09T$K=T0K45%'0D)-





M3 T*26=S-4
Q14QA475!0S5G3'-!=DE#*T5
*U%W4T1#;TU1=WAC1$A536IG


$Y*9S%!1%9O3F1!






M:6AI=D=.55DK:&MG1U556F%X;5)'8F-:


4A(6$%D
M;5(S1$AE=V5&:#5!2&UO96Q-BM(=6MF17@X*T@R:V9L0BLO2MO9T930D))

M3T-.;4DU46IW:5!W2D(X:U134CA*2W-K
FE52DI49VQA0U=82F-C;#EY66Y*
M;&-M:'EA
PT*2G5G;D=#9$I*





%EZ9GI/

#)$551.53 Q:'I80TYF

C948VM.
D$S

M05)!3D52
%-+4DTU1D5K5E926G!&
VM9:5)M9$=Q
&)W4GI62 T*93!F05-!
M5DE3
&E24TYD2DA5;&I386Q*.$5O
U-N
4MX17--4S%.3&UK=FE40W!-8VMY

M0E)M


61%5C5*6 T*-$9G=E=(
5EY




D]862MT:U%'4U5:3VQL4%=74UIE


M

C=%8G@U=F5'+U)C0W1W:&Y$9V-4

3%Z=4A150T*9$A,'I(56]D658Q-%A9*V1P=#(K
M2&179#=.-$58:'5E37@U2VYM2F5E9#92;G%L97=2-UDS=D-F0T8X9UAZ:&95
M1CEO6#19FU**PT*=VXX:F8T4B\U64)(9TMI0D-O1G)G8S)#34E+4V=V4T16

W:#4K24)):'!I339*331M6@T*




M2C9U;G@R9FDU+S9O1VUG
DM&2 T*;V)A:4IQ2U=O=V%J9'%0;7!&86MX-E4T

P


M=$IY

T3&A:=4Y'-5-R;D-U:G4V=&)S=0T*=39E

$1N475T13@P8C=34#E
0C P5%1X=%)*
M
4UV5E1T6%(Q;%A7
DYD8PT*
2M$65I.:F\R5WI:.&1P
C)V=F)G3G=&
TER
M9$5.

V+V=.=4



BLO

M041K1FMB

M06M+0W=%04%G241!44505%%04%!04%!04%!05%!0T%W4499V-)0U%O3$5!



658
5)L6FUD

75B




M.%0T6D-C-C5#



F%N.7IZ
M54=V
@T*5S5$

Y-'!N4&LO







M; T*-#
S;#9A




M8DHV

M8CE#
WE
-2LQ

@T*

.#)A0D)R1VY.4DI09VYG

O:#5J=E1Z2G5'


%AH4&-0=D9B


U4O:G9E

M



M


'0R
M;EDR:4=P,4%G9G!'-3EW+UAY9DEL<F%A;'%L-DEB5T=A.79:,DI%8V%T3$LW
M13%*;TMS5%A.84%3*VYZ;D1(1S5%4FE09PT*1V$V9M26#5M6'%
2BMI:&%O
M

$]J:'1X
S=G55!Q+S5

M5%1A3SEX0W4U93%D3 T*9S=F-45B3DHO=T%
9T]#639-.$AB=6MY1VA/:C4W





M56)Q;%9J4D925@T*3D\W;FU1;R]G1&Q'84)L460Y
DQR-&%73U1)9#550D5D



63 U8PT*26PW
V1D;&1T6DY


%4X3&166E11+S=E831I

S5A
PT*3%A-4&U



M8UHO3%0R






M07$U:#9Q2#A4


#DK26I(4#59.$(T=49)
3A9-E5:-6-U14@T.3-Z
M
F991PT*:#906F%


D1K361:1'I.
M9DU&.#8O:S-P-U@S-6PV1D=55)41S19*T%G:F%496YU;WI=VDU:#=R='I*
M=V%4264X5CAZ5#9E






TAK:$568G%E
'5Y


M











DDR-5-31F\O=T=2.&))95%C;V1I.6XT=C=Z2EHX-4%F64XP

M

M
35


M.'8O041I-5E(;#98;4=62R]9-5=Y=%0U

E4Q57




M1F1E
S(W8T9Z+W=72&EY:&=D3C)4;#53:D@O3TUF=C)29'8O04TU1RMB3DYD
M62]-6&QT03-2=4AR5VIF4&I+2@T*8U U;5$U:')L-TPT36TK3$HY

M:V8X04]2+VM'.$E7*U
W
'AV
FUL:3E7369)=VPS+S143$)Q66PQ=6(R6#%-

M67II95)D3FXP1V9$.6-*1#1B9E!K;E=48U(R2W5X5C)+=7A6






M8E96-51V+WA8;$(Q039#
V4T=EIV3%A&;6Q(1DAZ4#1(

0F=G3VIR8S-B*W)N+TAW*S1!9G0K
6QU;F%&;PT*;6U


7EL3#-K;$A95VPR2W5X5C)+
M=7A6




DAH4&9(.6Y#9G96
].6#AY=DQG-MC+TM-


E!S


S='85IA-FPR2W5X5C)+=7A6
M
DMP1C5M.&LK5R]-.&QM
G57=C%X3$%U

F5H
@T*




M1W1F1VEG6DE!1&LP6F

Q4$MV4 T*
R]/4EAK



;3EH=')L1G%1







U0FA
M2D=0379..6(O-7EK+TQ05#-A3WDK=6%S=S)$



TLX

W Y
'9/0V1+
$ER
M46=G

M
&LX:V$O-6(X<3
Y
W)-16QN2G$P-E-7.6Q+0W-I

&

M;BM:-'5)
4-N56)#0S5L24A6

:39W5E T3'8K

M
EIM=DE

5A6=5 O04%637)/:&YE
4YG
6M%.2]
-S@W



M




DUX6&QL2SEV8U)(
M.6U33FER1#=X;7=I45)98T%I:E)F4@T*9B]/275U

$9P4#-52FAV

M.5





WEN3BM797 S
M;'9P9'):

M85(U:@T*

'
W
C)U3M1$MJ96Y(2W)U135+03)W-VM::7DQ



M+W-#=U!S8S%7;$Y:03=05D
X6F9%;6)P

6-A

M:VI*;#-!
F5E-G1O*W
V1G%C;&AQ;')
66%H8FM&-%I62T]P-G%W.74T27I)
M:@T*25-&:&]L17A.1C=X*U

=5
V9S R
RMS-F1D
M3695=5I!2%=-


5C0W=4\S.#-A9D1C5U1K2S$W
M6DM9-6]X
UIO



'!#


M04%


K
M-44O.$%/5TAL92MT=DYT:C5I5TYM
LO=&MT;FU!2E9B:45T.$1(='EJ24LK
M3D0T64Y$34=.2C%S1'A7=PT*8CAL+WI%=]);FY.9%5V26YM
#8V9V5Z=FQJ
M
V19
UI81'%P24)+=D=0;W)L*V]X8V-A2$YP
@T*<B\X04IQ*UIF*UEX=BM)<FTW
M,\Y


M:@T**S=
GAG:C92;7$P=CDT

'4R
&YY=G!/;3)Y0DEB4PT*
&AI54M+1#19


M37IY
UI1

M
0T*1U-*-48X;2\X-4LO*U1D
M,50O:D1A+SA!54]M8EA2+S-99%AQ+W=#.$MV.$$X-MF;4HU63AK87)R3C=R
M
#!K8V1Z8E)X




M

')S46)I

M-WEV6C9$669(2&)


VA:+R]W

M



M1@T*

M:$@U42]K5#5*.#)E5UDY8C%Z5E=L=F(Y



U=6DK:RLY-W)M0S5R=U0O;DQU5F@U5S!+10T*


C%A4#8S



M

U!M5'E8-6QK.'-E871-
2M/

M9FQX*V)F;%):
FEI

6GI984])-3=V6$Y(
%12


71);G(O=S)B;E-F
UED4G%V
M-PT*=W91+RMC3S)53C5T5V\U16%E479C9V9786XX8W@K
% T9FDS-DAR.$=-
M9C@U65A#4R]M5F%)=E=$4V])

M+T]
=#!K2#5Q4E).4W0Q6EA-4V9-0EID=F]J3TA7:CDR:E)N
7!2*V9V;#=7




M-54O;7(U:S@Q-C%R5G8U875L:78W


$%T=THT6GEK5%0R1]N1VI1=DYN;&DQ,6I24 T*34=J,U=N:31L4S=T
M2C5%<D5X0RMN2W9.86=.<VA&5'9V5'!M2')*4FQ20F-V4U)L1W=1.79Z0V-X
M.LO.#54-E@U:S%Y-#AV-F)O;0T*:C

P4S1U8G%3

6EI4F=T

M
2]P




W5GEQ2'9F1S)B:#%



9&(O9'1E

M-VY36G9R4'9F4S
O3TMN+VMS6F8K
FQC9CAM-'
Q=74K=C1/=S!F
&9&-B]C


DE)3D--=W=A8W-H.'$O

#EQ=E4X4C%K:0T*2]2T]T
M44
R8EA4-G-3
FQZ9%IN



M

SEO4V)E-%=79&U5;%-H*S-)
6%Q4T1827DQ135#:0T*
M57AW46EB065-9FXQ*V9$5%AD-350.'91=W9B


S:TUS;6]715)00D%R


M3E)V=F5Z-6AU5S=&6%EQ-T9867$W1E5U=B]
;FPW555+86AP9'!E23%E4S-%



M0V-I+WI5


M9#AG2'%F=35
;4)Z-'AT0W)Y1#5-;3-I8VAK
%5W9'0R54Y:13@Y;GIH*UHK


5=+5WIL



#(X=6YA

&AQ
M65%G0GI


K44Y8:S%:.65.-4QC471B
T9N2&)I





Y


&)X4U5Q83!
57=:
M9$Q#6G
X
#0Y5$M!;TUZ6#@Y9GHX.'EX+U9D1#!627!8
CEF5#=#95)H6'AA
M9' T
2M:1U4O;'-595HK



M2G5B-E!T-PT*94

M
UE!2VU+=7A6




4PT*.50Q:S
W3$MN0FQ!.3%9

T-V-%8W Q:VYC
%!8


M8E@O+PT*



&UP34TZ3W)I9VEN86Q$;V-U;65N=$E$/@T*0D)/'AM<$U-.E)E;F1I=&EO


M


M9VEN86Q$;V-U;65N=$E$/G5U:60Z-40R
#@Y
C0Y
T)&1$(Q
3DQ-$$X-3DP
M1#








#@M
#0M
3=4
30Z
3DZ
34K
M
#4Z



M0D)0D)/')D9CIL:3XO/]R9&8Z;&D^#0H)0D)0D)/]R9&8Z0F%G/@T*







T/]S=$5V
M=#IS;V9T=V%R94%G96YT/@T*0D)0D)/'-T179T.F-H86YG960^#0H)0D)




3$W-# W
M

M0D)3QS=$5V=#IW:&5N/C(P
#@M
#4M
354

3 Z-#4M

# \+W-T




M1#YX;7 N:6ED.D5&-T8Q


#8X
3%!-#9#030U
3E$
C0S-39/]S
M=$5V=#II;G-T86YC94E$/@T*0D)0D)/'-T179T.G=H96X^





M
4$T-D-!-#4Q.40R-#






#@M
#4M
394
3 Z
M
S4Z-#
M










3$W-# W
C V.#$Q0D1$1$9$
M
SA$
$-&

M;&D^#0H)0D)0D)/]R9&8Z0F%G/@T*0D)0D)/]S=$5V=#IC:&%N9V5D







3$W-# W
C V.#$Q0D1$1$9$
SA$
$-&
C1$





M
#8X
3%1$1$1D0S.$0P0T8R-$1$/]S=$5V=#II;G-T86YC94E$/@T*0D)
M0D)/'-T179T.G=H96X^



W1C$Q-S0P-S(P-C@Q
4)$1$1&1#
X1#!#1C(T1$0\+W-T

# X+3 U+3$V

M=V%R94%G96YT/@T*0D)0D)/'-T179T.F-H86YG960^#0H)0D)0D)/')D


M=$5V=#IW:&5N/C(P
#@M
#4M
394
3$Z
S Z-30M

# \+W-T179T.G=H




M:6ED.D9%-T8Q


#8X
3%1$1$1D0S.$0P0T8R-$1$/]S=$5V=#II
M;G-T86YC94E$/@T*0D)0D)/'-T179T.G=H96X^


M9V5N=#X-@D)0D)3QS=$5V=#IC:&%N9V5D/@T*0D)0D)3QR9&8Z0F%G

S8V.$
Q-C(P-C@Q
4)$1$1&
M1#

M=VAE;CXR




M
S
S-C8X0S$V
C V.#$Q0D1$1$9$
SA$
$-&




M0T8R-$1$/]S=$5V=#II;G-T86YC94E$/@T*0D)0D)/'-T179T.G=H96X^
M,C P.TP-2TQ-E0Q
SHT-CHQ
RTP-SHP








# X+3 U+3$V5#$U.C0W.C4W+3 W.C P

#@M
M
#4M
394
34Z-3$Z
#8M









M
#8X
3$Y-T
Q0D8Q-$0Q-S4Y13@S/]S=$5V=#II;G-T86YC94E$/@T*0D)
M0D)/'-T179T.G=H96X^,C P.TP-2TQ-E0Q-3HU
CHR
BTP-SHP






M/F9R;VT@87!P;&EC871I;VXO=FYD+F%D;V)E+FEL;'5S=')A=&]R('1O(&%P


M-T8Q


#8X
3%-C(X13-1C(W0SA#-#%/]S=$5V=#II;G-T86YC
M94E$/@T*0D)0D)/'-T179T.G=H96X^







E0Q
M-CHR
SHU
RTP-SHP




M=&%N8V5)1#YX;7 N:6ED.C W0S-1#(U,3 R1$1$,3$X,4(U.30P-S!#14(X
M.$0Y/]S=$5V=#II;G-T86YC94E$/@T*0D)0D)/'-T179T.G=H96X^
C P








M.G=H96X^




4),411CA&


# X+3 V+3 Y5#$T.C4X.C
V



M/C(P
#@M
#8M
3%4
30Z
S$Z






M


#8X
3$X
S0S.#-#1#-!.$0R
S S/]S=$5V=#II;G-T86YC94E$
M/@T*0D)0D)/'-T179T.G=H96X^,C P.TP-BTQ
50R
CHS-SHS-2TP-SHP
M





T/]S=$5V
M=#IS;V9T=V%R94%G96YT/@T*0D)0D)/'-T179T.F-H86YG960^#0H)0D)




M

M0D)3QS=$5V=#IW:&5N/C(P
3 M
#0M
C!4
C$Z
34Z
C(M
#0Z
# \+W-T



W
T5149#,D,R,C8X,3$Y
M-T$U0T$Y0D%!,$0V-4(X/]S=$5V=#II;G-T86YC94E$/@T*0D)0D)/'-T
M179T.G=H96X^
C Q
TP-TR
%0R
3HR.#HQ.2TP-#HP





M;CXR
#$P+3 T+3(R5# Y.C
U.C(T+3 T.C P/]S=$5V=#IW:&5N/@T*0D)



3 M
M
#0M
C)4
#DZ
S4Z
S$M
#0Z



M;7 N:6ED.D914%%-3,S1$(R,C8X,3$Y-T$U0T$Y0D%!,$0V-4(X/]S=$5V
M=#II;G-T86YC94E$/@T*0D)0D)/'-T179T.G=H96X^
C Q
TP-TR
E0P
M.3HS-SHP-RTP-#HP




#$P+3 T+3(R5# Y.C
W.C$Q



3 M
#0M
C)4
#DZ


#0Z
# \



S1$(R
C8X
M
3$Y-T$U0T$Y0D%!
$0V-4(X/]S=$5V=#II;G-T86YC94E$/@T*0D)0D)
M/'-T179T.G=H96X^,C Q,TP-TR,E0P.3HT,#HP.TP-#HP






M=VAE;CXR


S!#.34Y141#
C(V.#$Q.3=!-4-!.4)!03!$

M
3 M
#0M
C)4
#DZ-#@Z-3
M
#0Z
# \+W-T179T.G=H96X^#0H)0D)0D\


M1#YX;7 N:6ED.D(T
$
Y-3E%1$
R
C8X
3$Y-T$U0T$Y0D%!




M0C8P0SDU.45$0S(R-C@Q



M0D)/]R9&8Z;&D^#0H)0D)/]R9&8Z4V5Q/@T*0D)/]X;7!-33I(:7-T












M871E3F%M97


M97




M(CX-@D)0D)0D)3QX;7!'.G-W871C:$YA;64^4$%.5$].12 Q-SDU(%)'

# P
M


R/]X;7!'.F=R965N/@T*0D)0D)0D)

&UP1SIT:6YT/C$P



M;2]P9&8O

M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
MB @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
MB @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( \/WAP86-K970@96YD/2=W)S\^_^(
6$E#0U]04D]&24Q%  $!
M   

M                                                       18W!R
M=    5     S9&5S8P   80   !L=W1P=    ?     48FMP=    @0    4

M  !P9&UD9    L0   (=G5E9    TP   &=FEE=P   ]0    D;'5M:0


9U12
M0P  !#P   @
8E120P  !#P   @

I(#$Y


N8V@
M             !9)14

N8V@
M                                            9&5S8P         N
M245#(#8Q.38V+3(N

M+%)E9F5R96YC92!6:65W:6YG($-O;F1I=&EO;B!I;B!)14
V
3DV-BTR+C$

MYVUE87
          0                        */     G-I9R

 *  M #( -P [ $



M
@$X 3X!10%

M =D!X0'I ?(!^@(# @P% (= B8+P(X D$2P)4 ET9P)Q GHA *. I@
MH@*L K8P0++ M4X +K O4#  
+ Q8#(0
M S@#0P-/ UH#9@-R WX#B@.6

$( 0M!#L$2 15!&




M7D)CPFD;H)SPGE?L*$0HGCT*5 IJH$*F JNL4*W KSPL+(@LYU$+




*0PVS$2
M
4HQ@C&Z
?(R*C)C
ILRU#
-
T8S?S.X




M2DV33=Q.)4YN3K=/ $])3Y-/W5 G4'%0NU$&45!1FU'F4C%2?%+'4Q-37U.J




QY


Z)
XF9B?Z*

NB\

\QGSI_0T]
+U


*
M @$ __$ +40  (! P0! P, P




M]/7V]_CY^O_$ !\!   & P$! 0            8%! 
' @@!0 *__$ +41
M  (! P($! 

M%C
)L23!T4-R\!?A@C0EDE
88T3QHK(F-1E4-D5D)PIS@Y-&=
+2XO)59756



M560N-


IELC4L 2(*.@I9)&L;+P?;4TT=O\\QPHI9B?( 5)_

:_%)+*X2-%^;
P ^WKYN/S
^2VX?EU\D^

]]S3T^[L_+%M/#5

MC!OFZR;SNDVX25 =NT?PH
*/R''U-3Y]?25[




M^Z]U[W[KW7O?NO=1X*NDJGJHZ:IIZB2BJ/M*U()HY7I*OP057VU4L;
U/4?;
M5



























+MK%5V=W%F
7@
M
'C(#4Y+
YK(4F*Q6/IE*JU179&NF@I*2 

M&^?EU7'V'_PI-Z-Q4T\?5?QP[2WQ'&ZI#4;YW5M;K6.HMQ+(JX2G[0FCBN+Q

FU6+$9%M!

M%R[


M^MO0H_Y-P^Q__1UYK_[*;#_O6=2Z+_A1Y\T(ZJ)\CU)\8*NB&OS4]%M3M;'U

_':-:
MA]H]E9[:+ZM#+-+#'F=L;V6WD(98V?Z J7N=:KX?=*Z'^Y%G&P_HN5_PJW0+

74$D*;*3RU]S=FE-



W=NO;VP]J;EWONW*4V#VKL_ 9?<^Y,S6L4I,5@L#CZC*9;(U+ $BCH*62
M1K FR\ GVU--';PO/
0L**68GR %2?R'1CM&T[COVZVVQ[1$T^ZWEQ'!#&OQ
M22RN$C1?FS

M]G;?H[0)/0X*FB-4T6E)ZUYIK:I6]XP;YNLF\[I-N$E0';M'\*#C\AQ]34



Y49#(



(7EAINQNSH*#=6^ZF$K^U68[9M+-4[
M*VS5H_U2KGW#&ZB]E)L(NW;W



#Z@9H4[F^2O?_P B
H
OW?W!


4)0-.Y[7=6H)IAIH7C5A7 *LP8'R(!\NO
MITTE735])35U%/%54=;3PU=)50.LL%335




-










MO/

:_%)+*X2-%^;
P ^W
MKYN/S

]]S3T^[L_+%M/#5

M(U31:4GK7FFMJE;WC!OFZR;SNDVX25 =NT?PH
*/R''U-3Y]?25[



M)4MPH;S!U 1E'O)OE:]^OY?M+@FK^$%/^F3L-?M*U_/KYQOO+\H_U']]^9]A


MF#1U.7J8VAA9(DJ:FF/-7-5OR];^''1]S


==Z.6^7-DY1V&TY9Y;MH[38

245[3]'?6X#_P )L()UZ*^254T
JTTW
M;6V((J@QN()9Z;9RR5$




M5T[ALA)4[*Z;P&0J3M_'F-I$I
WNFHM V\-X?;.5-941K#3!Y%HX*9))1) '
M

YW&
M5!XKUH6B@&?I[?4*^&A+/13,\A5M=GL


M%5KM6IR!W1V=E*0R(V&ZSVU+3UFZ:@5
5WHZO+(\6*HIK%4R.0I]0TW]GO+F
MT/OF[Q6(KX).J0^B+EOLKA1\R.H7^\#[KVWLS[5;GSJQ3][+'X%DC4/B7LP*
X^P/M9M-5BNI\!DO\DH)M#)-!_?G==(E925DH\560R+IF%XV]Q]Z^EL


]OR[:5P]_(#X:

YR+:WU J]S(HXD%($/

MQ.

M
XW^X4_WQ8WUX</



M)?I8RR22$5K':)=7
RSRBH#RE5@B*U;4P

FO#DJJNR%=6TN-HL-35=745$
M&(QLF1EQ^,AFE:2.@H9,O7Y7*R4E(C!(S4U51.54:Y':[&-6(9BP 4$\!6@^
M0J2?VDGY]=$K:*2W2&65YI$0 R.$#N0*%F$:1QAFXG0B+4]JJ*#J%[KT]U[


MH1ZB





MQ.ZKU_F)_P P7KKX$=12;ER@Q^Z.V]UQ55#U1UDU;X:G/9.-=$^X
ZM.WWM!







B-ANL]M2T]9NFH%3%
M=Z.KRR/%BJ*:Q5



E

#BL9@\


M70B)64E9*/%5D




N0/
7
-IR




M;PO/

:_%)+*X2-%^;
P
M^WKYN/S

]]S3T^[L_+%M/#5

MJ:(U31:4GK7FFMJE;WC!OFZR;SNDVX25 =NT?PH
*/R''U-3Y]?25[




MR






























;7X_


:!5!))] !D]%^Z[MM




CJ%_O ^Z]M[


 #[.OG#N[NYO[J6^

L4*^%&&=T9Z*::3OZ8_(X_+T%'E

M3QF1IH:W'Y''U
%;05U'4QK-3U='64SRT]535$3ADD1F1U(()'O(I65U#H04




























M$&!#-0:3]?8;YMW
[5L$]RAI.RZ$_TS]M1\U%






F.+#5#[G?V[V7Z#:S






ZK$@: HM?6=


M*.M7?W$W74;KWOW7NCG?R_\ XIY/YE?*CK3I:**K7:M3D#NCL[*4AD1L-UGM

M'$XG&8'%8S!X6@I


MS$Y+
Q)).237IP]VZ3]0LGC:'
X[(8C*4L5=C
K156-R-%.NJLH:Z2EJZ6

K#Y@@$
M=?
4[WZPKNE.[.V^H
EY36=8]D;TV+)+
+/5Q[8W#D



\UM*L]NS)
I


M'^Y&



]3HV3HY(Y8TEB=)(

CHZDJR




M $)?&NM^0V[L7]OV'\C_ +/)X3[J'368;J#$23?W1@B\BEH/[Y5LL^9D:-M%

T























M--%3Q2SSRQP001O---

.(4ZV_WE-1_EU-?*7W;_

MNCM2L@UER PV V1M:N((E



Z_[2*(0'\KG\_4AF_P#_



M'Z0VOKY4X#YU+/N3^:I_



MR9EI)999&+
S$EB;GGVG.X[@34SS$G^FW^?H_CY Y$BC6*+9-H6)0  +.W

IID5!C(

M /U LICW_?(O[.\N@/3Q7I^S53H.7WL;[+;F#]=RERU(Y &H[;9AZ U #B$.

&VP8CF\GT_V-XQ9QO+K..A$YTD:I?]
AUW,/]VEM,BM)
MRIS5<1,!VQW=FDH)]#+#-#I%/,0OPX9P?GK'_A0;\$]YBE@WS2]O=/UCE$K:
MC<^R(MSX&F9FYDIJ[KW*[JS=731J02S8R&6X($9X)$5I[D<OST%P)H&\]2ZA
M^UQ/^\C[.H!YG_N]_??9=<FQ-L^\0C*BY,,I^16[C@B5CZ9EX589I9AU%
M\UOB5WR::'J7Y$=3[QR56\:4^WJ;=^+QN[7:5A'$#L[-S8S=
?ED8*FJC74W



M@KK










@CMBGH



R0G =
TE/N#$1U
MO)$IK-_5U5C=CM36
B0T-;D*B-1?PD%=0.W/GSE_;JHDAN)QY19'YN:+^P
'D+BFR^0B/:.^H05CD2OS]'C=E1AU]31R8&H*M8







]C*#-8/-8FLI\ABLQB
I2Q5V-RF
KZ226EKL?D**=)89H























;/R?8';&^

O1X;&1S2*YIZ.&:KDC-9D:PQE8*6$25%0_IC1F('M-=7E

M*#I1:U=VHB#+










MQ@!%   X #  ^SKYP[N[N;^ZEOKV1Y;R:1I)'8EF=W)9F8G)9F)))R2:].'N

6K%+F)U=&'%64AE8?
$
M CKYAO=_6F0Z9[E[7ZCRHD_B'678V]-AU



G^C3(5
S@+MS=








'WI/N]\LEAN?-FT

AD:B




I:

M!L077*?

/4
I*G\C


U5MO*20465B@8O'1
M[@PDXJ

*7^B<'Y$<&'R((Z!W.WM



MQ09W!Y*%7:*0TF2QL]12R/!
































M0*JC+RRNU$BAC7NEED98XT!9V@GK7$^4F0_FL_S/ZZNZ^Z2Z4W?\8/B56R?
M;&L[;R=6;A['QTA5J3






MHE%S]FJ=B/*AZL2VKLO9VQ

Y^UY&9

KXG]

57BZ^ZUWBM)$!^W#6;^78F.J/(Q(
M1XYFB)%]=K$ARY]PN6H,)))*?Z-_A?0/Y]3_P O?<-^\5O8#7MA8;7&U*&[

J
#D/@UDN\\'HJ(J;']WU'6^*I








_XW


GJ76XA)'&D51@'








MH Y!$-N3#PXJ]U&ZF@*UKIIV[I_X4*?



QSXL2F)VKXD6IS





M0T^WX
CV1TH:J6S/B*FM



Y'X(Z-0_-OA'S%21Z=9
M6^UGW


U)*SVBK=^;AH$@I)4CTZ9L3C
54*P)


_UODO

OF]H[RG5?9G8G6&<YS?7&^MW;S!TZ+Y39^?R&WLAZ


MAN=F\):E3&Y[HI5!QKAE5)4KC4@Z^EMUWOS;7:6PME]E;


Q 55 N68FP  ')]^ZV 2:#)/5

[9I#4TL
MN!V'EZ:/8FW:^ ^
Q[J[%2#(8MIXI]2O28F+)U




M[RZV^X6[LW:.X0U!'^K(/F#@C!Z#G-G*/+?/6P7'*_-MG#?;#=)IDAD%5/F&




M
TG6_8$N1SVW_5)*T]0^








MP/E
PD.;V0XA^@K)]Z8*BHHY!ZHXZZ07TNX(UY!W'Z'F*.-C2*X4QG[3E/SU





M9YF-2S$DD^I)SUU9V?9MIY?VR#9=BMH+/:+:





MJFCK:.IB62*6-EDCD4
I! /NRLR
'0D.#4$8((X$'R(Z9N;:VO;:2SO(TEM)
M49'1U#(Z


M-95@5Y)&D^EC[!_/=G]9RU.1EXBL@_VI[O\ C!;K+#[D_-W]4_O$;
LK:;/=
M%GL)/GX\9:$?.MU' 



&9VSEJ3-8N9


MSN
























5SM=S$\4L4BAXY(


MOTQAI%[%VW0PI!!#
9Y8X\Q0P+XZ*JD22



GMOI=U


M7
\V5V+C=P]79


IB-NPQNS
S(NS%QAL0H1F*@:5!.1W)%W]7RS;























B
M#

D9E

W<Y0%#)35<&I)(*FGE62FR&-R%-(]/5TLZ24]732R0RH\;L










A4#6^E%BBBQRWS?+






F7V[7L%E2

4M)64Y)

YIA






MP2Z?0(UK$2



OC=MF[GR^(61@!X2\0W

























X%
5J4@BJ5@BK15+.:R22.Q&_8?ZG






MS.V9.M.L\S4)\;.J





D/&&0CS#$=?
@EBEIY98)XI(9X9'BFAE1HY8I8V*212


MDL92NV1N





MMDW&W:*08U+7*R1D@A98GR1/0Z)$5J8Z^CG\4ODGL?Y;=]?=[[!D$6+WEB




























'[K

ML



MZN__ .$^^
6O_F 1U1F
9PO2G9.35 @85#2U6V

M?;A-7






















MU[K1O_GE_-5OD=\EGZ6V;DS/U/\ '&LR^UT--*31[E[2DE6DWWGF
4IAJJ;!

M*#VX]LQSKO








MB+&J7R+Y




MVCK







-S78UN

O#0D*)&BD;^S'7T


'ZE7O'X3?)KK9:45U?ENIMRYK TA (J-U;(A3?6T8


























R)GV5\<<
V(R$=/4&2C
MR':&[8:'+[NJCXG$

T]0:





M_
'_ &8[XH4G5VZLI]WVA\;_ .%[$R?W
VNNS'7D]//_ *-\^VLZY?M
;038



\JZ#4X+$[CR%/M[((OU$&3P8IZB.]CXY5N






4+-_I$=P[D^0123Y#
MJSWJG^0S_


M@C





''TT
-.'E3%1P)!'S

MDGV8Q['LL7]G9VJ_9$G_ $#T ;[WG]X-S8MN'-?

 &X@ S4 /H !

MQ/\ %:*I_HLZ_P#'6 _EU(NS_?%^\CLI M^9[F:


M!%LFG!8&]P5);GVTV*7




A_Y

ME5@]SX/

X=ECU[/R\%+EU/#
M$


-

.2-P




I3

L


^AM
M*

A'/N0-M]L+AZ/NMPJ+_#&-1_WIJ

M'_ 7H/[*LP/0^!WWN.C$9_O5V_))V7DYZB*/QI6C$[A$NSL;6*Q+AZ'%TA60

MAMX%D@!-2OB0TN'7RI+/)48-:FMC6/QV/Q-#2XS%4-'C
;0P1TU%C\?3045#



#YCJF?Y#?\)\?B-V


MLRBTNZ# I- AA/S



I%000:@C!&1U'




?;/WG




M1O-*L



























MM'(.Q[;22X4W5R/.3X:_*/X:?Z;5]O7








MTFWR-PKXE/$MJGRF5HD'Q7!ZH4S.%S&W






?^
M























PBIJ:%G:P)LONKNL:&1S1%!



M+(SG_;$G_+U]/_)G+=MR=RAM?*5G3Z7;-OM[52/
01)$&^UM-23DDDG/0;^T






M@OR(JW](]





M--40LDT%1!
@='0AE8 @@CW96*D
I(8&H(\NFYH8KB)H)U5X'4JRL 592*%6





H..OE^;YVCE



='=M?(??N*ZRZ6V'G^PM[9@ZJ



MHHZY\RRR32--
S/












MR .R1A(/GK +?\ &]0Z^@W[

!3^?7 G[























QPY7;E$-+$DLZD#@E8^]R;CPN7UB'&6X0


M'II2E;@NO\=*U
-V;@C*
DK+(E#0'FHE$GC@E%G+?*5_S!)X@K%MX/=(1Q]0
!$:@J#++_H:
M%=3IN[?%;X?=_#;KVGZ]Z/V;382&6.F?<N[






P-C;V




:#L;XV=XTE
6CW/L[=O


MVIU+^W6W[.NN7]VMS;X_+G



M+$R9.H5 Q%'BX:EJF=OHD
3
; 'VLL+1[^^ALH_CED5!\M1 K]@XGY=!;GCF












M0G_ !@@?:#UP-^^W[=_U]^=PN[5-.T[ZB[E%08USLRW0J





8YQM$*H10X








7 
5KSS9H!?V08]IKI%Q &[GMI30@U8


MM;S4W(WN1L/-X8K'MV[6L[_.))D
RGSH\6M&IFC&G7S*65E8JP*LI*LK AE8


M9.J[AS$DJ)]PFW
K!!C.O*))@B.^/EVACH
G$K:M$V5FL;'WD+R#MG[OY?29

M%P[P
























M $;8NMILMTOUYEH9(5[!RN/J/-3[[W-131(TVQ
;51*V-IB=&9J$
LH-#&J5









E+/33







MJQU^/ZUQ56FAS3S0:*C-S0.):3'R1QAHIJRGE5ODSEAM^O/J+H']UPD:O+6W

M2AF(=(9%.][C
9CL+CL?A\/CZ+$XC$T5+C
5BL92P4&.QN.H((Z6AQ^/H:6.

M6[E=G=W8L[NQ+
[LQ+
S
268DDDDDUZF^[=




R=YTU'3U.<Z_WE30R+BMRX<S:


M.WZVLJM*JU1NO8V0R6TLI$=*C6*;:]/@[.Q+'R%; *+P3[E6?@;XET!VSP@G

M?'XS^%4

\882)7UD6H:75I:]L=JU23[S(


























MTUL;H_J_'&@VEL;$)003SB)LGG
G
[56:W+G)X8X8ZK.;ARDTM54NJJ@DDTQ
MJD:HBR_MFW6VTV

ZV]C\+K(!_IAI;]
MFE?V]<DO[RGE$0;]RUSWG^Y-K<6






M6

DTE#5.MXGW/?



























M4D1R K-22?D4



MBD6)I
!3[LQ:[BI3(S*B1UVDJ(7)(&B0WX]FFRW7T6[VUU6@2=?LU#5^T5

STW9C
M$X_/XC*8++4T=;BLUCJ[$Y.CE :*KQ^1II:.MII5/#1STTS*P_(/NKHLB&-Q



P5069B%55!+
Q-@ !





























C4[1Q4=7WATS'E-[]6O%&G

M3_; 8_I!?*O65WW0??

M0





4HHI3%




O^%^NL7]VIS87V_F?D:9L


M'D

MFU.K4!


























#^)^)^9GQ9


MO9%S'LZ;YM$MB0/&IJC)\G7X?LK\)_HD]35]WWW8N_9CW4VWG-&?]T3P+Z-
M:_JV4QS#2/B:.BSQ+P
T


(GR/3F^=@=G42*K&=H3EGZ_S'B9; 1TV$WY45
M4H8Z3'3DV+!?8(]P;/ZKEN20?%!(D@_;H/\ )R?RZS*^X=S7_5O[PUCM[MIM


MSDCS52//K$'[Z/O


D



Q
M  )/NRJ6(502Q- !Y]-S316\33SLJ0(I9F8@*J@5+

MKWO

























































MS5)C\8@A@7^'[8S#5N&2P(!QK#4Q!8XT\V;7^Z=^GME%(&;Q$]-+YH/DIJO^
MUZ^BG[KGN5_KI^R6R\P7$GB;S;P?17A)JWU-H!&SOD]\\?A7!_YK T'#JOSV

UK








































3FM/\ %9JP75:X_P!QY)..




4L




5A
+1PT&.HH=




























3Z;7H3YN?)/K.FI

WY!'O&+F:Q_=V_


M1S4%































A4N; F


?[R'/\ S]UR5_O
+\2;URAM


Y0H*M=[XAJ]Q52B[!@=[TV52X/)0G@\#'/GBS
M^CYEN !1)2L@_P!L!J_XUJZ^@;[F'-8YK^[ML+.^J\VY9K&3ST_32LL*_P#9
M,T!_/\^JM?81ZRFZ][]U[J^+^1G\/\ 9B^[&^1O8^'^XZ;Z$S5%586BKJ;R








;03$?Z4VL-?\ 3BGGUK&^XIZZ=]#A



M)W#GKF9].UV$)?2*:Y9#VQ01@X
DTA6-*X!;4Q5 S#Z./QQZ!V%\7^E.O^C.
MMJ

RT*K'+F=R9FHGK*DJ!&LDQ2-5C5$7)
MO;-NM]IL(]OM12&-:?
































ZI+_G\]5_W^^ F5WC!

&:G

'-E0L )[BVGU'+I




R&& I4Q5FX764%21*&]3?J.3O+$'TW+UG%P/TZ-^;#4?YG


MW%3TLEOJ=/!!Y]EF]6?U^T7-F

MW \'DXA?F%PS?DN033K_ /?;^\*/:WDL\A\L3E.?M\@9=2&CVEDVI)9ZC*RS



























MCO7NK9:KH7:/;78^V%3UC0
!O'




1J
M/D#V;GM+2K




^\SS(.5





























M _M12?\ #U]#?W0KB2Y^[?RK)*VIA92I7'.ZN$48]%4#U-,U-3U7![_62/


M.ICM[XZ]X=R5=
8:SLWM/';0Q\DL:AJG;W66WHZJ&MII;$FFFSV_
A3L+C]V
MC-QPI

MP#\
M[






























































M84EN7+_[4=J_E@L/]-UPN^_QS[_6WWSDY?MG#;;R_916@TFH
\@^HN&_TP
J






























M*HH 3Q(X GT!/7RU
MDJG
Y3)9BM*&LRV0K
E5F

$-375$E5.4#L[!#+*;



D#KZ;_6VP=O]5==[$ZQVG3_:

M51]B@ ?X.OF


:#R&.EK[?Z)






























MZ^.S]I?+_*]T96@
S\7)=I)IW3




































































MU[KWOW7NOFB?
?MW_3S\JOD%V]%/]QCM\=L;SRFWY+ZBNTX
Q4X[9\#/P)'I


MSMQ]A[QVIL'9^


*QQ ^80'CT/'LPZ ?7O?NO=



























MT3_Y^]T?[+[\
?D=VM#6_P /RV!ZOS^+VO6 V:FWIO&./96R9U6Q
GAW9N&C































Y#$S$R;3ZSQ\2K25BJP



Q.


MG1^\C[NR^]/NQN'-L3/^X(R+6P1JC39PEA&VDY5IV+W#J:E7F9:T4='O]B'J




























171Q[A^0&\8)
W3I(/.G7?7%1C]
































M;?&7K?HW#FGJLOAL;_&=_P=@46W-V-GDBK=W9D/XXI)*):ZU)00&2+&4M-




























MW4#(Y3&8BG%7ELC08NE
BPBIR-93T5.97#
T?_KQ[K^\+#_?\/\ O:_Y^G_ZA\\?]&;=

M: $GYO2?_V;+XL?]Y+_ !__ /1R]=?_ &1^V_WQM'_*5;?\Y4_ZZ
/]:;W





























M*
R



 #ZRFH1GAK'VBDYGY=B^*]MC





MU)@/CW@EJ8C'#'BNO=US)0.8!$)Z0YSL7


W/G-35


&QN*V5AIRZI(@#U6(VM0U
D6F0WC9RA-B1=5(3M
MSES.XH;R2GRC_ HZ$%M]T;[N-I(9(N5+ L13ODN9!Y'X9)V4''$O$5H3TB
M\E_



  8  $-  
 #ATDI.^

[
;DGDGVQ^\+\Y
\U?].W^?HW


69F)+$W//MHW-P34R.2?Z1_S]&D?+VP1(L45C9K$H  $



M^Z]U[W[KW7O?NO=2Z'(5^+J4K

M0QR6-FR


M


ZE6V7:2I%#:6]/0_I]*R'Y;?*

MS7_FJ_\ T%T4O[1^U$B&.3ECEYD8$$';K
@@X((
.0?

O&2-OMC7
M_(!T077W_NY7&GPMOW"E:Z+ZX.JM./B-)PIBE.)K7%!%Q7_ASYY8YZ1JO



M_P *8L9(VG.?#:NI%6!?W\3WS3Y%I:D%0P^UK.H

MIS1F#V*J/F [4)\QGH6L1_/I_EU9)7-9OOL3 %8XGY?JS=,S2-(7A3^ P9


MF!(/BV%U'0CB.^(9'F/+H8\;EL5F8'JL1D\?E::.5H'J
;6TU= DZI'(T+RT
MLDL:RK'*K%2;@





?+)2

31^1+G6AX]ELONG/[R8_Z:0#_  (W^'J0ML_NS]VD(.\\

M^(#]\\Q[Q.?/P8K:N?+6MS3MQYY[N';T 6Y/^%'SZSAD.

7;BF/Z7=T ^?_G5_S+,^64_(U\-3%XI%
MI<!UAU!C!&\492ZUJ;DRS)(269&J&0L?T@  %\G/7-
G_$K2/E'&/YZ*_SZ

NG)?+

IU[5J\








7N1S%'\8MW_P!



MBP+%5


+;QA ,#:B^D(I:P=-1G#S7RY/\%Y /]
VC_CVGJ.-U^[%]X'9

MM;L?9























7\63PFSZO!J(XZD-=ZI VA

MN%ER5IA#2H)HI!Z*IN[_ (41_![!:XMM[0^0&^*CT^*;&;



?F'N;B1_Q4H(;5T.0*UD% P(J05!5=W?\ ES1:XMA?$C*U^K




M%.CJ?HP]E
W/W
\N%G6

M6&:%#]C*0?
=%BW9_



MR:OIU&6[_=P]A=\K]?RCL(9N)AM(K9C754EK=8F).HDDFM:&M56AG-I?SQ_Y


@]*! /E7/1I

!(



M]'Y!;BXBD\N*RVJH.)I24X'D: FOV;_.6_EN[U\

M?VQ/W)439/





















M





.MOC!UQM:X(IWWQ


M'_=I\HP:3S+S1N5UZ_36L-KY\ 99+RF*I!SFF: GV]_Y^'\Q#=;3-@=W]9=
M9B5V9$V1U=@:]:=6E:01PGLA^P'9$0Z!Y[:0+DM=B23^XG
LW]F\47^EC!_
W\RSY\]@+*F
MX?EGW7!%.ACF@VIOLV#331&)(7BEIMAC;<$D4D:6=2I5[L6!+
22S\T\Q7.






%NMJ22:DDVO@FI/$UJ



MF*2SKBHJ 



7;

[W?=RF'%6GA@B./X8;<2C.?[<\ /6I)=_?S:_YBG8PJ8\U\I-^8:GJ
M#*%@V#2[9ZU--%(UUAIJS8.VYDU$*@*KM.TUA<N6))(KCG+F:ZKKNY%!_@T




+:2PIBE0I4K_1H2=CK[_A1%\UMLBGWML[H[LJD01BHJJ





M/)3;@I







R.0F\NF5AJU7LQ_J?9!<7EW=G5=2R2MZNS-
M_A)ZG+8^5.5^5X?I^6MML-N@I33;6\




G_ $#T5?Z^_L?_ --ERI_W-K#_


@0
MN+E;VN+_ %]T?:]SC^.WG6OK&X_R=*[7W)]NKT$V6_[+
%I71?6KTKPKIE-*




$










MU)/OUQ_PI*Z%RQIXNU_CQVML:222.*:?8VX=J=DT4 =5#5$AS+=:5GACE-V6
M.&601BZAVLA$-K[H;
6;J@^H\-SY.K+_.FG_C74!<R?<M^



MZKH[._GE_P NWKD54.
[0W/VIDJ
NDF
ZQV!N.O



MT@DV5L&+.Y18F_2:BL[*R.^*&6H0?VXJ2!?]I!]AJ[]QN8KC$!A@']%*G]KE

M!^3O=&:H9W



/:Q.5.8Y/ALY_P UT_X:=!*\^]!]WRQ%9^;=F;M)

=F]


COI


;!2:D

S?%'$OVR+_DKT%;O[^_W=+8TAOMRN.VOZ=C
M



M2\1_PFAW;





S56)S





EDK#A

M=EV=1I6TM@ORB3_H'HIF]X/=JXE
UQS3S%)
W%FW*\9CY9)F)..E51_'SH/'
M4T5%C^D.H*&C@!6DH^M=F4M-K
SLL4$&%2*

[$D Y)/MY=MVY1I6WA_




M


R@GU.EQ7I

M[_O4);CHOKI:TX5TRBM/GTE
G\
OA]FEA7

0@B$2<U7I5?XHK1V_-GMV8_F

M #8A.W(?*K@M2#ZB27_ N1_+H^@^^]]YN&17?F-9$'X6V_:Z'[2MDK?/#



[.ID/EDE762+:;*$


M2_X3@_#B6*
8?N#Y
4
XDO+)DMQ]69:)XM+#1'#2]389XY-=CJ

K

ME._M=MYKX=U
?58?2YTI7]
ML-W%?#N+8^E=8_P*U/Y]6S_ +R3VK?1^\-BY@BK\7ABSEIQIIU7
.KRXZ:9

X;L'=L JI-)/VT']X.N





$'CT:_K3YY?
[I]8(.O/DY
MW1@\?2O&]/@ZC?6;S^VH6C*$&/;&Y*G


8-K[JP

-+R9S3;
MS'\



MSP[(E9LT-
;
M0LL/+TUA:-2LE])%:::^L,KBY^W3 :<#0T!K;[4_X4F]1XQJFFZ6^./8.\F
M\=/E.R=T[?Z_IQ*#9I_X5MR'L2HJJ:XNBM4TTCJ1J\9N %[OW0LDJ+&UD?YN
MP3^2Z_\ /RZR3Y5_NU^;KH+)SKS)M]D.)2S@ENS3T\28V@5O4A' /#4
]5P

M







MNO=*_;77N_MYLJ;/V/N_=CMJTIMK;6:SK-HEB@?2N+HJHG3-.B'^C.H^I'M^
M*VN)_PPC=_]*I/^ =$^Y\P[!LHKO%]9V@'^_IHXO(G\;+Y G[ 3Y=&%VU\


CM
MS44J2*C_ +:_DY_S)-U&$T/QBW!CXI?4TVY=Y]8[4$$:U'VSR34^X][8RM]#
M7;0L32O&-:(RD$F
7)/-$WPVC ?TFC7_ (\P/4?[G]\C[MFU5$_-%O(X\H;:



MYA4?VOTD.*9^XGX'@/,9J.'0\[?_P$S\Q;R;J^84:(LDJ_9;?Z/:1I(O$O


-O4&Q-L&15
3^Y$

MX2GD9S+Y!.1MC9.VXO*J^@ *$T_52WJ]KX_;?EU/B-P_VN/^?57H#W_]X7[^
MWC:K=-AM!6M(K.0CA2GZ]S



FHRX+^5U_+XVZBQX_XF







E/&_JMY5D;D:[?1!+[:\OO

ME\O
!E7(9HH-Q=
8[7(0-WY0N(E\S#N*2^7$*]G#Y^6HX_%BA C<O_<3Y?4

M3GM%
@)N7^0O_





MSRQBESN(R&(J#) (S
@@R%/3REX1
FH6NNL7^H]ETD
L)TRJRM\P1_AZ']AN
MFV;K'XVV7





G+.S7%P_P 4HMHXIS]L

MLYB5BGRG6^[



:ZQLYJ^YM]XKE/5)+R]+?VB\)+&6&[

0&L2 2J\WS9


*FFV!3=K=T5Z%DI9]L;.&U=O3.K

Z#CGUK*[7_X4C=YYHU%-TO\ '[K3KZF;7%%D-_9_


F2^)/KH


SR'S8DG]ISU/^V[7MFS6BV&T6T%K8I\

M




D_)8J?S+G


DA'^7%0CA2I9=9-(?;+8TS-




M AL

;WRN\D+AQK]89=1^FG

JPN5











MJ(_
=33R=]W+WQY\T/RWRSNCVK_#--%]) 1ZK-=&&)@/Z+']O56?;O\ PHU^
M



ZGRU$+_ +R*+_+K





%);I@/
54'U \C:[-_X3





FS;;7_E'LM5/L^KENOM



\C5$

M+X4;%S)OMFBTH(;^ZC6@H*:4ED4510BA  (H.BK;S_E?RY-\K4'*?%_:.)

MHJ.\O^$]7P.W)YY-O97O7KZ5_*]-'MS?V$RM##(WW30I+#O39NZ*VHI(VG0





@XCNQDIF\_\ A.)\M



K

;7TQ5:BBKZ::CJX&=%E19J:H2.:(M&ZL
MRBZD'Z'V5



MZMQ]J72O.U















%5069F(JH%RS$V   Y/OW6P309)Z)=W)_
4^$70C5=-V

M=NJ+JZB#CBJG6W^\IJ(_

$J:6HT[Q
MW-4QH;$QS8NB9AQJ7Z@(7WN;MD55L()9F]6(C7_GYOVJ.LKN3/[N'W(W0K-S



MBNIOVOJ'[%'65W)W]WY[%\O:)N8?WGOET
D7%P8(:C^&.T$+@?T7FD!X&HQU

VK6!C]MO6+@
;&']02GIHD


MVZ5V9%+9I8MKTN]-^5]
/\ (<^SVW]L-U?-S<0(
M/Z.IS_

7U4]Q=TX\?%E7R].!]<'+V1
M_(F_ES;1:&3+=9;S[$F@=9$EWOV?O)%
B2K*C34FRLCLV@J473I




M..$

MXO([2












M=]!HDC^QW1@


M6=:*B3K#Y1;ZVV0DC4M+OSK_  &]1)($O%#45^WLWL#PH[BS2K3.4!N(VMI8
MCN/:ZU:OTEW(O^G0-_
%/\'4S;#_ 'EG



M.P=W[$W@:M8FL7IL)BMRR;I(=2@DH(W8'@7# $5QR/S/;5)MBZCS1D;^0;5
M_+J:M@^^;]W#F#3''S'':7+4[+JWNK?37R:22$08\Z2D#UH14E6_OC1\B^JA
M4OV9T-W'L&D
HGJ]X=:;RV]0JL+:7F2ORF&IJ*:FY!65)&C=2&5B2.XVK




U'0]V=+=F=55LYCBFRVTLAANSM

;$002#\@D6/L86
M7


M7#!8$_V\B]5)]S_\*'OA[L?[NBZBVAVAWEDX7D%)7P8N'K?9E8J:@KG+[N5M

=9;\E_W=WO%OFB?F


G?7:&_:*IOY

M??;UNVY5^NN)9%/D6.G_ 'D44?D.LLN3?9[VM]OE7^INP;783KPEC@0SG_37



M+DMN]:[OR&%C]+

Z;!IIT4M8 W(!

M2@_
U/DOUEM)=9-1'U_M#=789\8C#!89MQU'6 UR2^DEH[(OJLQ]






  '?V)T=TKU:B1]
M9=/]7==)$2T:;$Z_VGM%(V9!&S(NW\3CPA



MX'QAS/FEZV[N[JV)42V*0[EBV=O_ !-
W(*P4M-A-DY0Q$6XDKI&U7.JQ !#

M]+$!2F/

M]W'F'2AWTV%RWX+NVN8:?;*(G@'_ #E_R]$2[$^-WR%ZB\[=I]&=N]=PTWD



]3P!1)&8'!P0#@XZ!7V@Z&O7O?N

MW[KW7O?NO=&





LW]<]












?R'56O=O\\'^7

_^[*/(U6E03I/I

&#<?9^<RF_,U-
M2^FM@P.WQLW$8:LE;12U.5B4J22X:R@N_\ 
M67_)/]VWRG9A+CW!Y@O;Z;!
-E$EK&#CM

O\

M9F /L&7W-/












E%V/M:&DC4I]E18'?L&XJ'$4SH2#]DM
X/J5E8!@?V'

M:F%I&K_OTN#P((QU;KTK_P *1.W


MQ7












M^HFX

C0=;;7
I(T55
M%24\.[-S9.F53S'44V+D9A8$S$$W_N=M\55VZ29O5R$7\AW

RF0AGUY+.5M=6
M





\C'

GH\G5_








M&G_C761/+']XK[-;KHBYDL-ZVFX/Q

?V/M83:@):VLHJM=J;FQ5&5]0BIX
K*I]-V_5[&MA[G;?+1=



]^Z]U[W[KW7









8C;^



M4:O[N=(T![$EGL65DBW325%%UU'/&ZZ6BES44H)Y6UR KN'._+FWU4SB:4?A

MLRGUZI
ME[S_ .%(O864%7C?CET%MK:

M/+DLG#=?4C Z0!]P]S[EZIMENJ#^*0EC_O*Z0#]K
.LSN1?[MOEZUT7/N/S!


^_;G475S)X

MJ0












MKGVXW^ZLY





=;S<.8+
MU:50M]%:G_FU QN./K=D$?AZIO[?^1O?7?\ DOXIW5W!V)V;4+/]Q30;OW5E




RI$HJ22  !Q))P!


M


MU?V

J'EBVVG9+<_R0FZG'VO




















MIE5U964
K JRL 592+%6!N#R/?NM@D&HP1T4+MGX!?SO 53]E_&?J/-9


M-S:3:1YJ-:_[TFH?M/647*/WD/8OGC0G+W

3Z+#=B&1C\E4
M^HJ


M\D=S'ZTT/^U1I_XQUAMSY_=X^T/
.NXY+N]PY?O2#I0-]9:@G-3%.PN#Z4%V
MHIP'5T_0W\^WX.=L?98WL'(;SZ W'4RQTS0;_P %+F-JR5
MM)I=X;.&:@IZ


%6UU+'4*I]4;

&'
M[03UB#S#ROS+RE?G:^:MOO=MW(OA74$D$E/71*JL1Z$A\CTN_:CHBZ][]U











MR_8L1J1F^LN@/410
(.'DUVK X*CJDOOO^?+\Y^WER&+V+F-H] [9JR\4=/U
MQA%KMUM1

&YIDF\ETP:O5;:#PU*T_!.TX\_2E1.^^

/VL^R?C1V+18JKT/%G]^T%-UC@GI7L37



<MZW/<S6H6YN9947_21LQC0#R*H'D.AH]KN@7U[W[KW7O?N























M(J_Q


MIUECR=]YKV'YZT)L/

MRQ
&B8 @@U!!R



%E1;ADN8AY.*-3Y
M#7YMJZQ#Y_P#N


[



M;#;H_$OIHXD_I
!7[!Q/V $]_E#D#G?GZ]_=_)6TW^Z70(#WADD5*\#(Z@


P#N7/W
-





;





















%X!M[+[W:=L


L4Z^AK

(KD_\


MD$L#





)%.
U@9]3K^
MU6T\$@U+Z?4+CJRW/;]R3Q+:.5?Z+ D?:.(_,#K?G'VZY\]O;SZ'G;:-PV

'.#T












AWWW3V#VEDHS#/+@]CT&
ZTVJS6!FH*V:I;=^YLG
M3 W434]7BY6'JTI^GV-+#VQVZ*C;C/)

Q-Y!#51H[ 7'I6PSL.7-CVVAL[6)


IBG!DGJ
G(#S8CT^P7?^V.WRU;;IY(F]' =
M?Y:6'YENLON2/[R#GS;=-OS]LFW[I;B@

M_P#D4_/KJ





M[*+++DJO)1H?]U



MBZ#






-'L#


\
_E=S9ZLLSN/N\OFJNMR%19Y&/KD/+$


-O%'#$OEVQ





MF6GJ
M&HL2K&Z@;[?[8[A+1MRGCA7^% 7;\SVJ/R+=89\]?WC_(FV:[;V^V6





=\VY\PWMW?[D_Q2W$TD












MO?NO=>]^Z]U[W[KW7O?NO=(W?'8O7W6.$DW+V5OO9O7NW(6*S9_?&Y\)M/1
M,!J*R97/5V/H48+S8R#CVIM;.[OI?!LHI)IC^%%9V_8H)Z375Y:6,7C7LL


MW8^&I (T+MY*_+[*H:&)BJ^D-(QX%R0/:A_;#GR-=3;;-3Y-&3^P.3_ Z8
M3W.Y#D;2NY0U^:R ?M* ?SZ.MU#\M/BYW^ZP=(?(KI+MFL/DUXOK_L_9NZLS





)XCSZN%^/'\^/
MYN]
BAQ/8&3VS\AMJ4Q2.6E['H&H-XQT:LK-'0;\VW_#ZZ6L?21]QEJ;

 Q
M])].D:[9[A;]8T2Y*7

-%+NG8

M95'6!_N)]P/WIY0UW?*OTG


M8FM9$DB/!E8
/V@D=89;YR_OW+.X/M/
=E=[?ND?Q0W












[
; #DGWLN!QZTS*BEF(@5)/ #U/5A/


M^.RT-1L'X^;*R.X:%(RF\NP:1^Q]UFKC
;'(TN1WD^7AP=:[1@WQD-#&MR$1
M0S CK;^5-@VRAM[:
R#\3C6WVU:M#_I0.L+.?/O.^^?N*9(]_P8;V/;I?\
M7M&^C@TFO8R6XC
JBO\ HS2DXJ20#T?155%554*J@*JJ %50+!5 L  !P/8A













MO3










MGFI:NEFBJ:6JII7@J*:H@=98)X)XF66&:&50R.I#*P!!O[TRA@58 J10@^?6

MJ404682**65J$01M-[QJYR]LM_Y0K=

F/[:LE2!JJ:=9)









JNK*RAE8%65@

M?/\ PFVQT_WN3^



M/4Z:D#_3 =9K\@

M[M*[U\I\TV-#^GN-I)6N#XD

M4U36U-/1T=//5U=7/%34M+3123U-34SR+%!3T\$2O+-/-*X5$4%F8@ 7][ +
M$*HJQZI++'#&TTS*D**69F( 4 5)).  
DG '5E/Q^_E$?/3Y#BBK\)TMDNN








OB*^MQ66Q5

MY7^1W_/8R'?.3VO\


MC):)


M\1]Q LY*G@HD=C:NQ. L5P[$XID5K6J::IHJFHHZRGGI*NDGEIJJEJ8I(*FF








P5069B%55!+





















Q^].U<U%@.ONKMJ93=VYLBY0S&DQL-X
;C8&=#7YO-USQ








MKV_CXE'



















Y!]$/6EM[R4ZQMZ][]U[K

JN^#7SCZ
M:[CJ


MT
3D!B?](:./FHZ^J2K*ZJZ
KHZAE92&5E875E87!4@W!'O!#AUG9QR.N7OW








MFR\YN&N!


WV]@VY.%K(WU%I3S MI


M_+3^=9_F)_'K+_(JEZOJNI]O2]I[RV-M';V0W+!NG*9+;NU*3 I%N+*UU+B\



MO:H\MPYHJHI9B?0* 23\


MHZU1/F1_/._F?,893;^2[2?I'J_(I/2OUCT2V1V/CJ['U-!-2;FW8E?5;\
7-
R0?57PSXL]'(/JJ4$:T/ A=0

6J)Y_IK$X\*J CT9ZF1JCBVD_PCJGIF9V9W9G=V+
S$LS
M
QNS









R*\IBA


M%P9N2VC)KX5[*GV56-_^?ZX]?7K8L]P[U

















0$5^:(AZI\['^;?S&[?J:JI[/\




-\INO\ 8_R.

G=$W^VIVD



IC^V_D;LJJWIBFJ8)



MBA*BKM_IG:KM_MF/4*[SS'OO





M7&/W#]W9[QY-EY4D


MO#Q[#S*RINK$+%-P68G 5P*!9#@*117.






.S-H'9V
Q-;&A&

MY/











S
26:?9

M!]2X\ZY$(/I3









MXO41(\O\V
/^ T^?0)O_ '\VJ.HVS;[B7T
KI%_)1+_A%?EU6;VU_P *EOGK






DK%I#Q)))/VDY/3=[O


















=NO9^4=4D/\(W


MC3=02M&X]&0E3]HJ
)9%/]%@&'V&AR/(XZ$+VC



E



E7ANK.










?.44RTE0C
J


MKW7O?NO=?05_X3G_ 





SHRLH(4V5Y<[






M72&=Q)

CM+(TC?$Q)/VDUZZ-1QK%&L2_

M/5/;NR\]U]V+LO)-B=S[1W+1/09;%5@BCJ(O)&Q:*HI*VDGCJ*:IA:2FJJ:6
M.:%WB=';
JPWRW2SCO]NE2:SE6JNIJ/\X.#D$$$ CK#B_L+S:[N2PW-X
M;R)J

VW7FPRG
M


M]TK-@TU/6;ZV71UD$-5256[=N4U52U
23T]33SYBCBG@G@E5HIH9HF*NC JR
MD@BWM/=L5M964D

:/3\:T. &U**= WF[D;8^<;<)N
M*:+Y%I'
E!(GG0^3I7\#5&25TDUZT6?G#_(A^=OPRJLMG\?L:J^173M&]3/3
M=H=+8C*9ZJH


M$*L_V[51K)@A6&&62R$/;]S7R_RU9=YNHXFI4)75(W^EC6KG[:4'F0,]#8


M]\Y1*MDH:/XF[CQ]10:I M359+N#IRHHZLH#X6:BAQ

MB]]];=OXM%0&I$
.?'7FXI(9R!(J/:O8-=5S FS1TQLX3W*GLWN7[OYY@A
M)I'=120GT^'Q%_:\:@?
]19[Q[;]?R//



MY)'\K[HRHHLCMGXF[%W5FZ)UF&9[:KMR=O235*.'BJFPW8F9W#M:EF@TKH^V


MH  'H 




















M64KICYGZGZIVY6AY?'45M



MW












 XL[*BC\V('3/U-W'U7WQLND[&Z


MA#*2IH:$8-



















M?NO=:O'_  J1^*U1V=\4.LOD_MS%_=Y[XW;VFPV\)X(W\R=7=KOC
-4UU085



GANM\=@L?5)(=:5
M-(ZD+;0N#_NAOR[_ 
Y74\1U6MN1!&?Z
50Q'R
A=A\B.LW/;#8FV#DVUAE&

M1V%M+ &GCI':.KDG&6R](84I9%*R%K!#8^U\&U[G=4^FMIY*\-


M3'T]'6_('JW$9&JK)/(H:3&Y?=

T88TWGEG?.7HX)-ZMVM_J Q0

M_I%$P_G+X8_


MD)_;&@7_ *N'JH'N_P#X4!?S1N[%K:)._*?I_ UK2%L%TAM'!;&:F#BRK1;O
MJ(
YV12K$I(73F[\W)) (D/:_:3D;;*
;0W$H_%.[/7[4&F


MUO[=%-/42TRJ)G3'96)]Y$AB2-C=.





ZQB?;&W.N0%4 1.Q7+F]V0 6
M$A&%I]W_ (-?[GGS6.'_ )^:3[?P?/Y=![]_P Y6PVS[&DF_P?5C^S\?R^




_E\




MBL85?S

Q
 [BS$(=8OL_N_H*-N&YDGS6.&G[&:0U_W@?SP$+SW^D-
M5V_; /1I)B?VJL8I_O9_EDD6]?\ A4A_


M_ET13^[?/\U1]=H4^2PP#^?AEOY] [7_ 
Z+^:3D:N:MJ/FEVY'-.RLZ4$FV
ML72*514'AH
9MZDH:9=*BXCC4$W)Y))

MSR[%CN5Q4^FD#]@4 ?LZ03?S6OYE#LS'YQ_)@%F+$+VQNI%!)N=*)7JB+SP

MTOS1[8EFC5U5
D-JYFD(D0HWDH


R)J#%]U;/[@^.F5J-(K,OE,%!V=LA9E)TC.;#:HWO46
MD&F_]V44 @D@:M
?[M[&\UV0

MRCN+.0\25\6

MG(85I?\ -T^X\'#.

M_2M\+#YJ2.I3VK?-GWR'Q]HN8;B/ST


5GS3LD&\V9%)%HZUS'
M(


_EYY+Y\?
M
';
6YL

.?<WF].4^77\!J;O= QP@'()'?+]D8-0?XR@X$D2)[:<H/S7S$@


M.SFV-_
O^;^%:*6$UOR

Y&\3S_







#M+;F
MB
^2S^YLQCL#A

W!5!9C]


MNY[M)'C]P=P[]PFR$A 5O'556TMF8[?KUBE[7A7


MGO\ F0[W-3#L:CZ%Z8I'18Z2;9_7%9N7
P /K


[[/EJ)=R?-GO7&O4RM-(.O-SQ]11*[3I4$4\/4]%



M'K6V_NO_ $BXS

@?
M/2Q^WH?[7[][G&0N\V

J^;1



MC_:X)].KG

M2SQD
DD;LC W!/N-Y(Y(G


M=F!VCC L8O(QK\_7X^EH/J=?'Y]JK6QO;Y_LH99I?1$9S^Q03TENKZRL4\










=

+
&4G60P57H_8#; OZNXSLU?
M*)%%/L+-_A_+IJ3W]W
G]+;H M/.1S_
*O\ @_/IGG_X5D_(QH9EIOB?TG%4
M-%(()9]X;ZJ(8YBA$4DT$9IGGB1[%D62
L!8









WUGMULUW?RQPVJ#+NP51^9('V#S\NM97YG_\ HOX]]8S9/:'PUZ]
MR'R'W/DL]E;S7


M(Q=L570;7FIMP;IQ_D.K3G
CE'N%NUE0+..Q^W')W+X5K2SCDN5_T2;]5Z^H

Q+
M
S
;LS




TMO9-@R(@D*'U*$J2O



M\$$AMY5IJB?JG&R5:(;Z6:*$M^0ONC?=^N@3HW2

E26&H@*R5_83F<+6.[L_H3*!^T1'_!TI3WYY9+ 26E\$]0(B?V&






MC_Y;U)235-/M+Y2Y2:)5*4%!UCL2.KJ2752L+Y/MK'4*LJL6/DFC%@;$FP-D

M_PJT^!D-.C8
M/HSY=9&K
RK)!EMI]-8:G6G*2%Y4JJ/N[/2R3+*$ C



?VF4#_C/11=[?\*'OYL&


^7
















Y$E)35;Z
MTTE!J6XEY9Y3W?FVXEM-F$;7












E365M;414
MM)24\*EY:BIJ9WCA@AB0$L[
X-S8/
MK?#0.H:U?#MS:J]A9;-4CNH0RUF)F*-J8HR^
R5M7L'N4M'WJ^AA7^&%6D/
MV:F\



M8;2(^4

M$I2SEQ'0T^X
M7T]!3Q'B.*!(XHE 5%50 )$V_9MHVE=&UVMO;K_ 
+C1*_;




_'[N.SFK*')T;DQ


]3;RK[V[K8
M%+3F9/J[/AXJ@+
H]2






M)@]KX-*A#-



2:# &;_*?*

M#$@E]$M;TAUW19%W:5F\CU67QU1
2IT+Y=( TV&:WM#.9N0+$'XD
R_LGD(_


M55
J04]-3P(TL]143RLL4


2EG=B%5023;WM5+$*H)8F@ \^M
P4%F(@5)
M/EU2A\N_Y_W\O#XJ2Y3;N+[$J_D7V/CFGIY-F]QT.ZL515T?H2+.=D55;0=


M;9V#\7=I5*RPTM?CJ.G[1[/^WF012K4[NWCBX]I0
Z F-Z+;E)4T[.2M0S*C

MQ




MZ][]U[H[OQ$_F
?

M--58*.JK4+(]=1QTF3C5B8JF-[
 QS#R=RYS1&4WBV1YJ4$@[95]*2+1J#^$

M
_


MH.@K+]\+^H&

M_+HJ^\_^%6GS8RBRQ;%Z$^


EM+
1_OR:3^81D!^RE
\*8Z#UU[Q

#V



4*%52



]M




MM!4'3+A
-(9(Y(I8:RMQ\Z!&E_DKVBWCF0)?[L6LMG:A!(_5D']!#\*GR=Q3

_TW'Q
#Q1#Y$
R$4ZT:OEQ\Z_E/\XM

E6(GR%6B*

]S]3
MO-P\M#VIPC3_ $B#M&




MX(6IL9#VGAL8)*QNK-ZU+HL%4U9'Y5P5?.T9QN0D5'F2BFJ![E+VU]PKGE&_

RF.J9*.OQ





9O+U-'C


M



M'KW#)Z*9VI\]OA-TB9XNUOEA\?=DU].TRR8/+=K[













RAK


MOY='2HJVBR5+!78ZKI:^BJ4$E-6451%54M1&20)(*B!WBE0D?521[#3*R

M$








MAXJH
KC[0-?L=NHTW7WWVVJFT6MQ=..#.1$A^8^-_VHO5*7?7_  IJ_F
=








_G!\B/@?VUCNV_C]O2JP=8)J*+=NSLA)55FPNQ\%2U'FDVWO



M=6_(?;V



M.@JF:&7)][]C8JNH
#78TNAF/7&WY319CLO(/%K$+T7CQ*S1F.IKZ9B+Q[S?
M[D\N\I(T
L@N-V Q!&06!_X8V1&/75WTRJ-U('*/MOS%S:ZS11FWVDG
\@(4
MC_A:X


MN5N4MFY1L/HMJ3O:ADD:ADD/JQ]!Y***OD*DDG?]AC

M#;9_@/\ 

M-G\7DMX_]]7TJ_M2)_\ G_K$3WP@\+G-9/\ ?ME$W['D3_GSK7+]S'U#O7O?



5W.X8
















M9W\R_!;[JJ7S8WH#J7LCLOR2QI)2?QG-T-)U1AH)%DNIJE7L2HJZ?@LDE%Y%

*I:6\DGRJ




=/R5D48'6*?O9RJNV;O'S'9K






M0CE)QXAX*QQ)\+=]^,?N9[6G;-?,G*Z'Z,$O-O&+S
D0&?#'%E&8^*]E0F
MM[L'YM?


M1Y+-(H^R@:E





_





MZ][]U[JW;^0]LQM\?S7_ (C8\Q.]-A=Q[]WG5RJ)M%
NRNI=^[FHY9FA(9$E
MRN







M4%Q+FOE5UGC*$(A96JHNONW\RXD8']M/LL3
;_ZH ?GW
WL6C/SG(PX+82$_

MU[W[KW7O?NO=-U]W%VYU+6#(]5]I]C=9Y 3-4BNZ^WON;9E8*AHE@:
;

M




MSQ7653_G&NE/^



MM;YVM43P29O8^\\;35%




_4GS%Z]W-2LQ:GINQ


MO_)ECIY8J?MQF.[SVOU).W[CZ_\

M_/BA%ADBO1U\&?[?J


M7^0U_+@^*M9C]PT'4-1W=OO'
]^Z]U[W[KW6B)_PKP4=/\L/C)N<&'RY?X\9#!.JP*M0
]^Z]U:+_)6Q=3F/YIOPOI*0Q6'M67*/YG*


HC+&*BIC

M1[1%JTUR-B.,'S=O\@%FH: T- US-S9LO*5E]9N\NEFKHC7
DA'DBU'YL2
M%6HJPJ*Z!'\R#^=U\K?Y@%7FMDTN4JNC?C?432PT?3&Q\O4++N;'AI5BD[5W

S./A/\ PI
A





R;+IFU%H^N]V


2J2?\;5OR
MZP'YPV;^K_





VV39-RYAW*/:MJC




MQOJI=V]H[GQ6
QU8)@#$JC:FV\[ 4-F?SA@;(P

MB4DC_>V0_E\^IO\ 8G;A


U-4PQ5%/41203P3QI+#/#*ACEAFBD#))



M&@ Q%+Q:



'):Q#_1KV)/


W(H99Y!% K/*W!5!)/V 9/3<LT


M9C8/]W74Z(XT





M1
K^?])(ZX^S./GT=/K;_A3E_+/WL]-#NR7OKIYY/$M34;[ZLAS6/II&!\KK
M+U9N;L3(5%+&XX84JR

B2Q2HDD4













M'X^?'W'?Q7O/N[JCJ&A
+5$


2C_?49U^;2:
?-0WRKU2MWS_ 
*M_D9N=*['?'7X



$BO'(C
MCHP()!]X3



M#WYWY@=Y]A02K24_5/3
;=K=@UF5D?1#A9J#:SU.$VYE9VX2/-5^
5B5&K4Z
M!AML?MWS=OX$MI:/'9G/BS?I1@?Q5:C

MV
K
CC6R&.DD







M*RTM!1Q0TM.I.A 68G

$^3=/19'IOXH]M9[ Y)(Y






M]



=)21D7LTDC1P1RRQFVR;)N7
.Y1[5M49DNY#^2CS=S^%5XDG[!4D

MVCU!M&JKZ3IOINDKWJ










6L-Y


MTR3XV:II[Z9F!$?*7
$W+'
-MO




M43Y9?\
MHCY<=HS9;;_ 
6MB[-^-6T)FDIZ'=.5IZ/M+MJ6!7K%=G\?%U_@VKH02U


M^1W;?65'2RI
NW

MN[ZI&[65O.Q_$R#6/LD%''Y

M5?\ A5!\C-COC\!\MNH-G]YX%/'#4;ZZ]
/6'9$:VD
]?D
-'#7]?;CFU: E


PR=DH^Q2:/3S





WE










_\ZC^9K\A%KJ+=WRMW_M+ 5JRP_P!VNGOX9TYC(J&<$38V6NZZH=O[DR]#
M,KLLBY&OK6DC8QNS1V421M7MIR1M%&M[*24?BFK

M]RN=MWJMQ?S1Q'\
-(13TK&%8C_3
:\.'58F5RV5SN1K
QG
GD
SELA
U37Y





D[$XA^\_*B[+OZ[U:+2POZL0




MP^Q8\W#MS(2F
V&7GQT2@JSNJLI(SV7V^YPW[2UC8RBW;_1)!X24]07TZA_I



M8KVOK';C_K+(/V@1#Y'J(M[]^F-8N7;*@\I+@_\ 6*
_L/BGYCK76^4/\TWY
M[?

5)7[/V3!@\5N!*=7*I+E%KJ
MFWZI6//N8=CY$Y3Y=(?;+*(7 _T1QXDE?4.^HK]BZ1\NH?WSGKFOF(%-SO)6









M512HB4X\1APKQT*:U(U



_N1S3S0S1W
Y@V

M

M2M V;H?'G]M555&(Y


=C[DH

M68PV?QM-L#(18W
8O*XV:*:(32#@
K

M--Q]
)Z3KSJK.2F5(_LL7W)M&&I,&)G+YJ7#T?BC*@$4O=A92+D/1^]'(C






MK'JA=R?#OH7M^GI6J


M


M'/EM4?8[RJ.N_


H89JBFV]M3!4JS9G

M'15O.][7R_8MN.[S)#:KYGBQ\E51EF/DJ@GSX ]:
7\QG_A1Y\C?DG/GNM/B



M5FEFFFE8L[L2S

M6574HX!0BA!R#Q!'F#UM69&#H2'!J

;=[[*HEE]53CMX9*01=CTL$4CEJ//RFME(C6/*4T4

\144/




Z

Q:JJL'O[&@VTIXHH_3JU
V8'LAMYM.2_JV&;J

0_(-&WYD]8@^]M^+OG/Z13BUM8T(_I-JE/YE9%_(#K78]S#U$'7O

P6)%+
3@  5))
M\@!D]7BCDFD6&)2TKL H&2230 #S).!U]7W^79\1\3\'OASTE\=*)*23/;2V
MO%D^Q

MF-1(7^B /+H['L





MJJKQ_3V(6C;4#CY!UG0[7R&1HF1RKK6U%2TJ\2
_N0]K]M^2=IH;;;X'D'XI

_AB(A%/3]
*2/M)KYUZK6R^8R^X
M
E5YG/97)9O






1K
E;3[#[!;4?=[JXNI!Q5 (4/R([W_8Z_Y.
MHVW;WVW^YJFT6MO:QG@SDS./F#V)^U&_R]49_(;^8E\X/E6:Z'OOY.]L;[PV





44$
R]?+\[;[9[#[V[












M8DFB2&2


MY\7_  H(_FNU/RS[;KOB?T;N=I/C1TMN*6GW3F

-5PE4



O6


M;97=)7[
76<7ME!]/R)ML8\X2WGQR.__ #]Q\^/GU:C[ G0[Z][]U[KW




MP+[KW#*E7%)GOEENRB@6:(QTL]!@^I.F_%643-&K3J]=E*F&1PS('@TBS*_O


M*R/;6T

PJD8/[-3







J*68@*.)/#I*?Z1^O



M12S

MU*AI/*S;'H\O/A=AQM)K=7:#9N

*2PVR!_

MARL*T\0_[?$=#Q4OZ=3'[

*C#3-7PQ_M
R5&0RIZ]?0N




W'7?
MWEQ.
I&AQG7'=M5#59G









H44_FIZ!]][O\]WM52Z2!#Y11(/
M^-


S
02Q)&NW\M\O[30[;96L##S2)%;\V U$_
GH%;AS'O\

MN-QU=F

DU142JB*.2Q ]U=

MU5LC8L\U

]#W[






M4^2RV5R-7


W^79O+2T\4\U



ML[?TF-2?3@





M/_Y@^S!V'\$/F7LQ8'J:G/\ Q?[TI


M?#8KP^=


MVV(!($4Q/R_289_


BSU%55T\RS8[28+]HN35YDWS]Y
M7R:MHLB&8$8DEXQIZ$FMQG 52*/U./NYSDW+FQ_NVQ?3N]ZH(.8XN#OZ@F




M^Z]U[W[KW7O?NO=?61_ELX#^['\O3X.89H:JFG@^)GQ]JJVFK.*FFR64ZKVO









]^Z]U[








M7QPRT_9W6&)Q==/1H!&4&6ZIJ.MJIJU(?T5$XJ6

M\*P^J\O+C\9\F/BWO79!9HX*W=O36[
3O['M))Z?OGV=NZ'8V1Q=##(09$CR
MN3G$0+(LCVC



C]O%3[ WY5
MU/66^YZZH8H










FQV_
FQW&S7- D\9
M /\ XRC_PU8 _
K=^8N7;VZXW=N/8V[<1-<R8W





?:2\O[';H3<;A-%!;C\4CJB_[TQ _GTJL[&]W86]A#+/<'@L:
[?[RH)
)



MOR-:T\:*XN3_ 

F8?\ 5KPOM_V.CD;9_DY_RP-I0B#%?CI&K18I(0VYL#6
M[UFT2U!J6)J-Y9+/3M*)#97+%TC]D( OL.3^XO/%P:R;G= _P!%@GR_ %_U

VSM






M.[


MH_KG8.)ZZW_CJ$0BKJ=L[QK]ES;WI
KC4K8EKL965L-71NZ.8VBD@GERFY'Y




734JS
8M_P!RJ-PO;N93Y/+(P_86(I\J=%O]G/1-U[W[KW7O?NO=




(1





MV_.F3I/XV[9^'VQ






J69


MELG6S)3T6.QF.V







?VR


W001K(\E1E



2EJ4N)$#B6)HYXXI$)]_V.PYCVF;9]Q75;2K2OFK#*NI\F4Y'[#4$@
MF^P[W?\ +NZP[OMS:;F)JT\F7@R,/-6%0?VBA (^JA\1_E%UK\S/CSUI\C.J
M*WS;5[$P4==-BYYHY<IM/<=&[T.Z-F9T1J@CS6U\Y3S4DQB.<1K/%JAEC=L


M]REG8QO-=2&BH@+
Q^0%3TFN[RUL+9[R^D2*UC%6=R%4#YDX_P!G'6HK_
#_
M .%0E#BZG


MJ





M











#1U^2J?W9D4Z(R 6 /U'M

0!^WI3:6=W?SBVL8I)KEN(I=C]BJ3^SJ_K
MXK_\)GOGEWBF/SO=E9LSXJ[.K$29EWI.F^.RGII3&8YJ;KS:616AI7\98O3Y



MN];*&?86;N4U+0$G )XM&3A6.0:*Q)(9M;WW









1%)IH_&;U)E.M:_
(47\NK7_8!Z'O7O?N


MVRO3?\B;;





Q6]RLVGR9D5M%?\ 2N5?[4 X

M[KW5FOPX_E!_//YPT^

S(OW^'R%=1U6?







MF'\F=E_EU7QW!_PE!^

?#3TVH^I
MLO3T[II6\M;5.C7;UBR 7;=[^;Y$:;I96TZ?\+9XF_:QE'[%'01W'V%V245V
MN]N8'_X8J2K_ ,9$1'YD_P3JE_Y#_\ :7^8QTZM5D^L\=UO\E-NP++.K=:
M[M@V]N^CB#$R5^T.QDVH)JM@MUIL579:5[@+=K@23L_O5R=N-$O3-93'_?B

M'[AZWWUU;O*@YJ]K]@[5SFT


M^$E6QA6=C_-+LN2FLVW-D=.;&I*QXT&H;TSV^\_D*:GE:E:1])V%2M
J3(%O
M&71RT;) GW@+K39[99 _'+




M;6S110U'&;Z:$2/GCX8.D'(U
2

8T



M5H]O]Y;?Q0;P0NVB.FB['V?BWHI2S


M9=LE.+0


MHCOO?%0IG@BR%0D[2)M79%/6P

MNBR0_J3

M S44_.[^?G\S3Y0_S$]]MN'NC=;XO8&)R$U3L+I7:E16T'6VR(?WXJ:IAQ3S
MLVX=U&DJ'2HS.0

X!D?U%?PK7




E%E7[&H=0




?1R/I4%FM9020/:BSM+B_NXK*T4O
M=32*B*.)9B H_


IVOOK*[AHL7/

M

_


MMLXK:6T\%279





M*\C4:;8O9\$NPL]2*!;0U=O2IVR^NY %.5L2P*S3[&[J;/FR3;6/Z5Y;
 /5







M?M_S='SCR^E\]!N

M?J^1-RB]( _\ SC=9/E_#

MZ]U[W[KW5!O_  H*_E[0_
'6D4 K.
MR=A-)$IJ:Z6'%T?\9Q<.F60U] ::!5-?*QECVCYO/+G,*[?=O3:;XB-JG2<





7V3G
O(ZQGA%=2J/STO_ (7ZP]]ZX!%SNT@XRVL3'\@R



A_*-I/\
?


54'\_\/A[@W@N.D9I%5I5GH?&Z
MO:TBL&'!'O/_ )0D




0!YGK?2_EK_\

M3F

C^-QZ%54BO6Q7'''#''##&D442)'%%&B


M2YRBK4H
E$CGQ5


B*XKZ@
#0^A&1Y'H OB-\!?C#\&).U4^
VQJOK_


JMIDAB=6D $X&: GSKT4\O\I[)RN9_P!R1&&.

+R@










:R131.DD;J&4@@'W22..:-HIE5X
MF!!4@$$'!!!P0?

BRQ



5P: /Z+


MI-\]KM1U1CJL)U!MG.*VW\/4,I+'_IWMB'Y5K-18.JAE4QU*WGGV.Y6-]N
MDG-%TO\ BUI5(JC#3

KU _O?S3]%MD?+%JW^





MW7S=MU[P5;N
-_I7;0__ !ECT%N=MO\ WIRCN-EQ9K21E_TR#6G_ !I1U\G_


$:L@IVI\S5=\UE4\J&
RM-



E30FI



M^Z]UO5?\).=L+2?&3Y4;T\2!L_WMMS;!F$4@DD7:/7^/RJQ/
?VI$A.]R55?

_]

M?J#_ -V^0]RU[*?\KS'_ 
\TW^ =1-[U?\J/)_STQ?X3U\YCWF/UAWU[W[KW

M !#/;_\ [J

3KWO




M\334V6^5?0
601)8H7_A
':6UZO
/')








S0








%AX9'59*RMEIZ6
L T@N/9=NF[

7G?;R!<317<(\I8UK3

M


M_

MY

\
T-
MQ$L]NZOX!5E(92#P((J#Y$=0U-#+;RM!.K)

QN



S6(/\GI5$:$U-131R CDKE&\YRW
MI-MMZI:KW324Q'&#GY%VX(/










M2 $$I+$Y4_X'W969&#J:









YZ!\L[L-]





M][]U[KWOW7NM#'_A5SO]\M\Q/COUHDZ34NR/CD-VO''

M%J7$%4V.Z_HI2K11N8I8V+.K+IRK]A+01\NWEZ1W2WFC[1'&A'EPK(1QX@\.
ML5O?F[
G




M./GT
O;V


.P/



.3W H$4C5Y@I)E8XV

CK
3VHY(7EK9QNE\E-


MOW7NJ
O^%&W_ &Z@[Q_\//I+_P!^UM/W*/LY_P K]:_\TYO^K3]1?[Q?\J%=

MW[KW7O?NO=&%^(^)ASWRM^


M\D\%-



MQ_





+V&\TBQUG9.T98A1;9[:



M
4VX/D%E


.K*+V4Y


:$?Z&/Q
#^IP'94OD][5^V1V_1S+S%&/KB T$+#
7F)'!_T0_@4C









QD(DD(!$:&655N;#4P'U(]Q)[UD#D9Z^=S#_A/

M4L[C;-_S1]Z8PRS2#9_3_3VW%26.-$@6JV_4;M\5

W[&9_WG]G6'7O1-XO/,J9_3MX5_:NO'^]=4^Y9ZB?

M-_
K^#U7#6)0O-\E.KL49I&B17BSNY*3!S48
P*%\A#D6IU ]9:4!/41[//
MT8DY*W12*TLI3_O*EJ_E2OY=WD*0Q\Z;6P-*WL0_P!Z8+3\ZT_/KZL7O SK




_X1)/M';^/S]8FE5C




MW9YI;EOE=H;9M.Y7I



ZJ






VP]A[,ZNV9MCKOKO;&%
MV9L;9F%H=N[5VKMVA@QN%P6%QLT]%C\?14ZK%###$O^+.Q+
2Q).#]W=W-]


M?7NW(I_DY\=\!E-Q[*K



!44Z/!)JBED5




MUEG6CHM[;1G621*22:NQ1



M RWLP!!'O J\M+BPNY;*[4I=0R

.



M I OH:=TI'\

MID:F2LK\A7UE0\E15UM;5S/)+*[
\CL68DD^\VHXXXHUBB 6)0  !0  4  \

DD\ !YD];Q_\D?^0U#T\VR_F'\UMLK4




M*0X7K?;=9!)'90_EE?/2![DBR+8#F^*_OY(3O]C%Y+9D_P]2,/^?1UE+[1


C_A6WLJ!9/@[V+3Q0







MJ*'N7*_M
K!Z?
_(;MK+4#NR@7E./K(M0/*D:?Q[PD]V9!)[@[@R\ 81_O-O
M$#_
'K-CVGC
?M_MX;B1







_P#A+S_V\HSO_BLO:/\ [UG6?N&_?+_E2T_Y[HO^.2]3%['_ /*YM_SQ

















+Q]
MNONIR/M+&-[U9YA^&!6E_8ZCP_\ C?0_VKVLYXW91(EDT$)_%
RQ?\88^)_Q
MCJQK:'_47YD9GCEWQ\B/C;M::2G
II=NR=E[QEAG9H3%35$E;LC9\ 81L_

TX
M+XC_ )91/SX_GQZ5&0_X2
91RWE02^:N
MIJ/+S0:(2S+IIY-3 *=()96$]_=E+ 26%T$]0T9/[1_AZ??V#WL*3'?VI?T
M*R ?M /^#HL78W_8C^9;LN*IGVH_P ?^W5CU-34NQNT:[#9&IC
I2-'C[/V
MEU]C8*KQ6=U^[:-?HLCGZG=G[W\E7) N/J[?U+Q C_JD\AI^5?ET27GLCSI;


8T9E#UX+*C

?)5
M +
?( ]%F\[O8[#MDV[;D^BTA6I/F3PJ/-F)J/

M\@^S*B6E3+5#8;K_ &;'4R5&*ZZZXQE55-M?9F*U:8W-'!4//75I']_DZBI
MJBB&;0N=7*G+-CRGLL6T60J5%9'IF20@:G/V\%&=*A5KCK!CFOF6^YKWJ7=[
MTTU&D:5Q'&=*#[*U8XU








M?=W*O'Y(WY?%P_/SZP_][8O#YV+_ ._+2)N'^G7\_AX_EY=:\_N7^HBZ][]U



3O?J2


5E[1_]ZSK/


MOOXU] ]VTTR3KVQTYUOV#.R&


*?3W



9&I(:HR&4R




?_P //9?_ +Z7
MK_WG#[6_\J#MW_--_P#J[)UA![H_\K[N/_-1/^K4?53/N0.@#U[W[KW7O?NO


NO

MC_

MY


W:'_O;





M]U[KWOW7NM0#_A65TI35?77Q




MO:W857DNB_BZM7$5WW7XPOO/LV*7_+:+J? U\:TT]%0PR9^M!QD$SVIXLA
M)%401Q9SW[I;5REJL+

K#-?/PU[B.)0$$RER+[7;KS;IO[LM


MES_S45OE3K2M_F3_ 






E)CY9IR(Y:Z:*/
GVOY!3E+;?K]P4'?[E1KX'PDXB(




MI(^Z.[J0Y#



F?^%#W\TGJ%Z:'(]T;<[GPU+;1@^YNO=MYY).%4_<[E





*M

/*0 6&



M!9H799LU04L-AJYE!960



6 /!(]K=MD
M


M0RF*;X[]?91_

MW[KW6AW_ 


Q\P65]
M3MEL]'YQR



OXBPMOI;WA][U[(VV\W?O)!_B]]




@%HV98G]Z-R^@Y(DMU-'NYXXAZTJ96_(B
@_;3SZE;V9


Z][]U[KWOW7NJ$/^%*&4J<?_*R[#I(!$8LYVKTWBZWR(6<4T.[






MI2


$?VQ
M:#7YUKU7;VG_ 

M

MU4VOU5LWEHDU#\Q*KDC_ &P/SZK0[9_X27;LIS/5=%_
7;N7#L_VV![9ZQR6

.JT_W








^-P/RQZ?V5WM@$



M9DY&N%I\+E\C


[XCJG
MX\9^GBJD8JM/NK?^\-I8C#Q2#Z.E3MO&9LV_U48/X]PC[[WP@Y6M[$']2XO%


;29G&9'$5\;2T.5H:O&UL2N\324E=3R4M3&LD9

]4D19$


Q




4\\

M9
M\H.L*:CCEE2-ZJH797:E8T%

M3\N^(9_


M2EWE\/\ H[O&@H&JZ[I+NBHV]E*E(M38O9_;VWGI


M
YZ^F0K*ZJZ

MJCYP_+;?7SB^3_:GR3WZK4-9OO-Z=N;;2H:II-E[%P\28O9FSZ*33''(N$P-

M7
_

M/W/5'Q

51K( M4I


MGRR

M\\TW^ =1-[U?\J/)_P ]


HBA[XVGE$\+A'^Y


MKW7O?NO=?'*['_YF'OS_ 
//='_N\KO?1BR_W#B_YI+_ 
='7.J\_P!RY?\




M:PM%)$Q3'-B!4
I)5EB(8



=E\
MS% :A-K;.H$ER^]MW5
9]#0[9VK05=8$8KYY(EB4ZY%!(^9=]MN6]CN=ZN:%

NY_TJ@GYTIY]?5Y




M?HHHDC)(/^;D:



M.

M*_=]DK%NL5/A:V-?]





?Z6):U^RLI'VCY

Y;!UCP

[T\E1C

YZS]Y2C




^.R0TLV8[&ZUS%/LXUK*E)!V'MYZ?=G7%752L&
-+2;ZP


GY!U6ORZ^3)6T5;C:VKQV1I*K'Y#'U5115]!6T\M+6T5;2RO


O-.QQ


^)O76

*+


M)09O([8(\Y\SW'-W
$V[RU6 G1$A_!$I.A?/)J6;--;-3%.LZN3.6+?E+8(=












M


M[KWOW7NJWOYO^*J


O\ A*+\7*:4?([YDY['12ST]1COCWUO62QAGI'^WQ6_.TJF



5C%K.Q


M
IL'JG=4%2:58XY:.EJ
EGJQ$U:Q))#(P;ZHF(OOI;^%SC%*!B6QC:M/
22I
M2OF:*/VC\\M_8RX\7D^6(G



LQP^!@GDFQ6R=G8[





MP# 
Y=(JU,
M9[HF]:QFJU/#4*-Z,.MQGX%?\*8OC=WK_]B?

MBSJ/LPLO^TTL?*/K(KE3WJV;=--KS$HL;TT&L5:!C]N6B^QM2@9



T-Q$L]NZR0.*JRD
I!\P14
M$?



4N6QG3E56!X[69VEPL&D_V0/S[R*^[\[XW6/\



]








M.M
?V1O&G8'[N'=G;%14]CYB@R+G]==@7W

ME?WJFL(G




3]GU


MJOVASKH



K %2*$'SZV5(920P.#UM/_ 
NS_A3'VOTGA\%U

MDE34Y5UP1SA[)V&YR/?\L.EI=-4F%J^Q_H$ M%]@#)PJ@ZG3D_WJO]LC
M6PYG1[NT6@$RT\91_2!(67[25?B69SUMB?'7^:7\ /E-1T$G4?RAZMJLYD(E
M=-C;QS\'778

M.2.:..:&1)8I422*6-UDCDCD4




MI.57M%[?ML\ YFWF.FZ3)^BC#
4;#XB/*208IQ1*@T+


M.ZRM/F?YJOS

M6)49R^V

8ZJL]C






Q=*?RN?BIB7H6I
KO[9U?W-FII(_



C(EORM;-36/&FIZ D1*?S#.0?



MPHS^(WRD;#;#^0(I_BGW)7RTF.IEW7EFR/3^ZLC.5A5L'V/)1T4&U9:F4%_M
MMP1T









)H?^W7FU?_ !
_;_\


MWYO7;O6NQMY]C;OKEQFT]@;4W%O7=&28*5Q^W=JXBLSN:KF#
BE:3&T$LANP

M#U\@_NKM'.]W]Q=K=S;G_P/B[8[&WKV1G%$C2)%E-[;DR6Y*Z)VY
-/49)




]J






M%_



M.+G#E^3;AI6_3]2!C^&0 T!/\+BJ-QI4-0E1U\N'=VTMS;!W7N78V]
'DML[
MPV;GLOM;=.W
Q3/1Y; [BP%?48O
X?)4DH$E-78W(TLD
J'E70CWG/;W$%W;

M=

M[W[KW7O?NO=+O:_:79NR(&IME]B[[VA3.K*]/M?=VX
! RM*TS*T6)R%)&RM
M


MO41H#_(=.ONNYRKIDN9V7T
CD?S/05
S.S.[
[NQ9F8EF9F-V9F-R6)/)]K^




M



]S'[&_P#*Z/\
M\\
O_'X^H=]\?^5




M^Z]U[W[KW7O?NO=?4'_D:X-MO?RH_AO0-20T9J-C;LSGA@




7@




3T4%C^P5/34T\%NGBW#I''ZL0H_::#HM&
M;^?/P4VU4+1[C^:?Q+P%6_DTTN;^1O3V*J&\+F*73!7;Q@E/BE&EN/2W!Y]G
M<7*?-,ZZH=LW!U]5MYB/Y)T2R\U\K0G3-N6WHWHUQ/\+]+L?Y-?&[LZKI:
M#K;Y!=(=A5U<U,M%1;'[7V'NRKK&K$,E&M+38'/U\U0U7&-4813Y!RMQ[176
MR;S8J7O;2ZA05J7B= *<:EE'#SZ66N][-?,$LKNUF<TH$EC<FO@5CQ\NAO]

3/V_\


_P#-3KYSWO





M






M=%-14D*M+45

ME=A87NZ7:6.WQ/-=R&BHHJ3_ + XDG &20.M[?\ E&_\)]]D?%2?:_R'^8-/

M@R)Q7]P?=RZWX2;/RZ7@V8U5Y/ADF' CU2
_P_$P^*@)3K*;V_\ :2UV$Q[Q

/\)ZLT


ML8 




KBILL9!UDV








MO6&XH*TO4I))&8\9-2QY*:)5B/D=(F2)B Y4LH(=//W)0;1^]+*O_-5:8^=:

BDFIW$<\<K0R:249AS[-K+F+E_<B%




MM#Y\_P V/X@?R\



M 1T:0C^E*PK7YQK'U4)AMF_
/YI[OGR&#VW\COE7OCRM#796CQG9/=6XH'ET




MOGQ\0

0L*B10$?[1)'I8^O$CY=:VGG+FOEZ2FWW

H6R?@4=;





]



%51Q+
: #YDF@
MZ^L3\ _BCA/A-\0NC_C=B?LI\AL'9]



/?G_AY[H_]WE=[Z



MYC::FA\L[RS2^*&)5U.S
UKDD\^^=-^[27TTCFKM
Y/VEB3UT2V]%CL((T%$

MC;XY_P#BS4/_ +ZSL'W.OL)_RLEY_P \)_ZNQ]07[]?\JY9_\]O_ %BDZT
?





M=O9_:6=S&U]UX/

E0U
M


MO*T$
MZLDZ
)B8E-4B6JQ1_Z5*G/JS%F/ M3K)_EGD_8




K4_M)/5AGL











16:.3)=O[.HTFD5
M?4R1M,&(') ]D'-<@BY6W*4Y[?<']D+GH^Y5C
O-&VQ#!:_MQ^V9!U];CWS


MB!N=7&*_O[)7?K&*GPV9-?\ 32
/^??Y]92^PD=-BOI:_%=@4_TL:G_G[^76



I9]2RA[.VPN.?;5VR(HYG_ .J3*/V%JCAD5\NHP]X;DV_(5TB\

O[U/34]JV#




MTW%W8LQ_

MKW1*N_\ ^7)\&/E!#7_Z;_BYU!N_*Y)9A5[NI=K4NTM_N9D=79.P]EG;V^(F




NB6MB]^=T@(BYAM8[B+^.+
M]-Q\RIU(Q^0\


R65L_08IV)
M%E.I;S9R][A\I\S%8]ONE2\;_0I?TY*^@!.ES_S39^H4YA]ON:^60TFX6K-9

MNOIA_P @#XYQ?'O^63TG555&M+N?OB7



M_BOE







M2NJ-O]-&U4/GFE14T(/0=WWE/EWF2

M_-&_X3T]Q?#S%[E[P^

M!O?:N+HP)*G+XVGII:6-9):JA@IX7J3DQR-[O;=S%(FU[VJ6F\
0%(/Z
K'R

=-=X5=69$TEFE$N#AT$






M_CE/EH\9UGN^FKIO*$


M:FH5I
#WSL*AHX]SLD$2QT6/WWA9&IL7V+@:81HJQ5K15]/$ICHZVD5Y-0^Y

MRO@;J!19X



MWN/S5S1JBO)S#8&OZ



MHS/\S+YO5E4D

X.C=A))*QFDI


G.NYLU*B\D'^\G2/Y#/5=GL8]!#K

















=O=I=?]7XJI8*RT^2W

@HHU)C403]3[YZWEW<7]W+?73%KF:1G<GS9B6)

MW7%E5U9'571U*LK 




?T6XG_1(0
!<UU[DYT:-63(QA:H?Q4U956U')?E+W&Y<YN40VDG@[G3
$E
M_P ]!^&0?Z4ZJ995ZQJYL]N^8^4F
MW'XVV5Q/'4I\M8^*
_Z8::X5FZJI]C

M_;N

M_MII4C7[78*/YGK[!&RMH8+K[9NTMA;7I?L=M;(VQ@=H;=HKJ?L\%MK%4F&Q

M$2*BCT50 !^P=*?VQT_U[W[KW7O?NO=5%?SF/YD%'_+J^*U=N':E7C9_D'VW
M+DMC]%X6L\%0:#*+21MN3LFLQU1%415N'ZYH*Z&?QR1R05.4J:&FE7Q3R
LA

-HMZ/.1YBO;&#Y&0@BHR%#



MF+;;6(450!@45(T7 J31$7 J0

AJS$G)JSR.V3


CIJ4TK'6C)(2_.H?3W('M9[?[%SE875SN[7 DAF55\-U44*U-:HU37
M[.H_]TN?]]Y.O[6VVD6YCFA9F\1QJ&H*49:G5%'_04-_,H_P=%\9?_17;

MI?\ F*XS(QU.7V'\6-RT'H2HQM;UWV%C]47GADEDI*S$=M44U/6F&-HXWD$\




MJ






MC'

MWD3Q:/)Y=:^/QZ=7DUWTZ-/-[VM[PPH:T\^LS*BE?+KG[UUOKWOW7NM9C_A5



G_/-#_@/68GL


M3$*-+(0=

M\-VYMK$00T5#3AF
Z


^@'$






[D_\4R[#_P#?


JK<)/6R-<^=2S$R%R_[H\X\O

&/R0Z


/

MH]QM5NHDFC5A\


M3=7[5JXIAJ2II=U]G2[/V[54H47



M9A_OQM*5^21Z3^3
PZO*ZEZ/Z:Z%VS'LWI+JKKWJ;:T:P:L%UWM#!;1QU3)3












Y/\ ]V^']C;VX_Y7
8_P$=?++]YU]8

LQ_L)<^_

M^$H7_9&WR



'S
M'6K'_

=8I$Z





M]U[KWOW7NOF2?SU?F)5_+S^8/VO)B\J];UET16U/1/6E+%.TF/--LC(55+O7



/-UP4:ME:DP1CRHA(=A_II-1KYKI%2 .MBS_A+[







M1O\ V/?R=_\ MT^X


P_Y<'R3RO16]
Q#O';V2PM)O
M7J_L6BQ[XNDWSL3)UE=04M?48MJFN_@NX
7D\94461H?/-X*B'7&\E/-!-)D

M%&J0P'[Z

]^QF_SWVT7.Q7+%OHW5HZ\1

WMW



K1RU*1$I!5F6&]XR!GSRKOT7
O
M+]KO45 9H^X#\
BDK(OV!P0*\10^?6!/-.Q2\M;_ '6RRU(AD[2?Q1L-4;?:
M4()IP-1Y=;7G7G\R+L7L?_A-EWUOW#[GEB[Y^/FW=L?%'=^X99I&S$VW]W=@
M]:]:X7=D$P=*Z+
5?3/8Z4R9$R-
^;H)ZD-K4JL!WG)EG9^]%I:2)_NJO':Z





]14.\CDC-/ECEC:^4]K7:]
MK6BC+N?CD?S=SZ^@X*
#'6%_
W




MZ6IC$M)FNRHKT^

23]3S[







M=P- )&\=/#)D
G/3PR5M;



D4OC\\%$M3)&JB21[ ^Y^V/E;E_EN+PMFM8



BG^$
SJ'(\]-5'#56H



VWO7TDDQ_O4*_RKT'^0_X3+_S/:*LFIJ;#

AC^W(8J.HUQ)(WA3*X#&5Z^)W*-Y($NRG3J6S%6GO;R.RAF:Z4^





ML%NK?[D;A;IC\


M







MI/\ PK$R[0_%KXNX$0*R9+O[-9=JGR$-$V$Z[S=&L BTD.M0-P%BVH:?$!8Z
MN)Z]@HZ[[?2U^&T I_II%/\ S[_/J!O?N2FQ6
5/BNV-?]+&P_Y^_EUHF^\I









M\;32ZT+/5XKJ3JJJK8S&#Y$6.'
TY#$ -J(%RIMBC[]NIYGM(Q\0L ?R
LH'




:*\CQGY^)&Z


M@S.'R-




FS#4WG.POCSVMNQ)?!#-]FU9D
M]E;&-3Y)07I=2;T
/DCLY\N@^AV]P_[WW'@\D^'6GBWD2?;0._Y_!7\J^74O


MIJ?*[CS

M8W

M8#]-8(E)^;.Q _
*W[.MX3WC#UD[UHZ?\*PNBJ7 ]T_%OY&XVC1'['Z_WCU3

T+Q-]L3!E)^9$A'V+\AU1[\




MG;K@CAR6)ZCPU:@77%5))#5;@EA;R4F)=8@T

MJ1&./A)P


M]/%)////(D4
$







M7A&@]$0=J_



D\




3?^50VK_I6VW_









?\ \
S97_OVNOO8_P#:W_E?MM_Y
MJO\ ]6I.@![H_P#*A;C_ 

^
_]U&8]@GW(



/\'2'=+%-SVVXVV3^SN()(S]CJ5/

9/ 9K'S@:@RV'K9\=DJ*8X$M+64[HW^
M*^^A\

MID

MN\Q[KRON:;KM

M


YQV[G/:A?V?9=)

MJQN_P$H^+IIOG!W]FG



J#/R




F*_NUG\$XEJGW#*)?



E90DEVCES:]4AA


MZT:=E9.JH-M]NTM.4$6:Z\QN

M?^%3V)FR/\NCKBLBDB1
#\N.M\M4K)KUS0S=5]X8-8X-*L/**C-1N=1 T(W-


M_A
+DZJO_EGSTM04
6%^17:N

;G^R0/Q[P^]



M=OLCQ
HK*1_1B!!K\I&CZBGF+WDY5V8-#MQ;


MO
+#B







N\;
H*Q**'



QM(C+'&EP'J*VNK:ATAI:2G26JJZB1(
T5AL 3=-
M_7.\BA5.
4)\J _VCC^

M_@!U

?#+5UU9
5AI:6%Y'(^R[=MVL-C
MVZ7=-SD$=GM6)_D .)9C0*!DD@=&.T[5?[WN$6U[;&9+R9J*!_
D\ JBI8G

#
MY3-4[;Z]Q=9$OV6
CDM(8UJ*HS5)






M%\B_N_1DS[K+Y*EN/]Z





M[0PU




MI5E3&YI


$T:3=[K\Q;=S3R+MV[[:U87O:
I^*-Q$^I''DR_L
M(HPJ#U7M3R]N'*_/6X[1N2TF2RJK#X9$


0ZY4-NMTI^Q7E7PRPN
MSP)M8R*ER'*A65U)4C+V]NA9\[[9


M

WQR[.K_ (B4/8^&^0N!



MN[HFJ



M_ML

T5AN

MAE-*CY'RQ3KZHGP7V?\ ^+H3K_M?X2=7=6[ZI[9VIC=R8C)[ V7@=LY?
4

IW::PYFGGEO



M]_;E4VG;[



_]?7P]\\^NA/7O?NO=:X'_  J/KZ2D_EO;

MHPMA*3\AKB'^$CJ&_?)E7DV




:G_;

.*J_B









Y).A[#70DZ][]U[KWOW7




M'+5LQ%A9T

WDDD

?^?NL:_O 2$S[5

M_-]FP)L
?;Z















'6P

KA!'H1T_;
M7-Q977=H[1W
3AD930JRFH(/J#U]$;^37_.NV9_
!P5%TEW4V%V#\NML859


;UVA@NP=F[MV%

=W

MI)*D;HJ(J=%2CQ/:\

MG+PC\/S
6 !_OLK040GK%7WGY+_=FX#F?;TI873TF &$F.=7R$N23_OP-4U=
M1U(_X39?S+STMVL_P6[AW$M/U5W9FVKNE
GE)U%+LSNFO

+;22IGEC6CPG:

M;VNY\V_N^)JP6








M^R
C!'XR&--+0;BZ]QPJ#-8AI:29 EU*$D

M5Y'_ .
%2U9W/W=
MVWVU4O*LWE[)[&W?O<I)&7,1B7<F8R20K!Y6\:H%6,$A0![&MCL^T[6NG;;6
MWMQ_PN-$_P.@= N^W?=MT;5N5U<7#?\
D=_^/$] ][





ME:WP_MPQK%14

M3GK





E[
^E5'

M1P2Y6LU
@=$IZ?330Q*

P[^'










P'WS2'&]+[TRYQ
MNMBM(







M
SO+_P!WG67O)G[OW^XFZ?\ -2#_ ([+UC/[_P#^YFV?\TY_^/1]:?\ [R(Z

MY_[=L9W_ 
6:[1_]Y/K/WB#[Y?\ *Z)_SPQ?\?DZR[]CO^5
?_GNE_XY%UL:




'KY/_P ZOB3O+X/?*?MOXW;R^XJFV+N*5]I;AFB$:;QZ]S*C

TUO*L]NS).C!E9

+


MN#;.(-'A
M7^)5@IJ??NR

HHI/IXB ?[9&)R



B@Q

1JX
M_HE^) '2/V9YQ39MU;EZ_?3M]ZPT$\$GX#[!**(?Z03@*GK?]]XE]99=:
G_
M  K+_PRAOB7_P(8WM_[W$/O*+V!_Y)&X?\]*?\
__'^E
MG_PDF_YF'\W?_#



MXBV4_N:YJ\)\ESW15]8R13U0J3FO677MISDO-VP@W+#]\VU$F'FV.V6GI( :
M^CAA2E.C0_S&_G#L;^7[\5NP._-TS8VLW/3TDNVNI-F5M08I=_=J9BDJO[K[

8@H8_#'D#X)(KPUDMY]9G#D6V7V_/
M):L S6]_D9]0EUGS*^



!F^*&







MN)NG_-2#_CLO6


M]U\[?^?_ /S2:KYE=ZU/QRZAW'Y_C%T%N.KI4J\55B3&]L]KXY*G$YS?4LU/
M(U-D-N;:\U3C
 5+QR1-4UJNRUD2PY@^TO(J\N;6-YW%*;W=H#0C


_H57*Q^HU-7N%-=_W
'40]









M;PD_M)/6;'M
]^Z]U[












/S_9
?P+

M(YK9-2TV:Q4*M=HY


M5F1E=&9'1@RLI*LK*;JRL+$

]^Z]T!GR5^.G5ORRZ/[$^/O<N$_CO7_9&EP^


$Y!ST5[UL]CO^US;1N2ZK29*'U!XJRGR92 R
QIZF1<-
MNW 22F005%D\.0HA++)C<A'+ SR!4EDSGY4YHV[F[9TW2P-<21D@M&]
HWR
M\U-!J6AH

M@?;/W3@W*&/8.9) FZ* L4S'MF' *['A+Y G$G^G^*ZKYD_RP?AU\]]S;
W=


MCW&?+G/'

FL!KA1:O
G.O
/-B11[Y*LJP%BE$1*%J



CV7%EY*3(1[#V]U]G-S5E/O
M;/5-?BX*NGA6$_9&F-7+)3T\

M

MGI
LA%/?O#[@Q[@S<I[






MRI?F/_


U(IXF
R@SFKGWESE&




M
'-I:UK]+LY_T&





MB/\ O

M'#KYN/O

M/SV(W3M+/9K:VY]OYERV!W'MW*5V$SV$RM#*L]%D\1E\9/2Y#&YDG0/%-#

''3D
TUO*L]N[).A!5E)5E
M(X$$4((\B


\Z BRF+$R
U

M3HZ.U?\ A11_*;W'$C9+Y;CV5/)XPM)NKI/N:277)+)%XWJ-J;&W3CHM 4.
MSO.L81QZKA@H:G]GN?X3V6:2CU6:'_ SJ?Y=2#W@Y!F'?=O$?1H9O\ GQ&'


M^;5_+0RM)'6TOS?^.D4


M /1RMOVG_-U[_AY7^5Y_WFKTS_Y\\O\ _6?W[_6XYY_Z-ES^P?Y^O?ZX_(__




U379&KJ:ZMJ&5


M_P#PG:RTV1_E*_'&CECB1
#G^\\33-'KUS0S=Z]BYUI)]3
/**C-2(-( T(O
M%[DX5^\












O^%&W_;J#O'_ 
//I+_W






M]T=TY- 
0RFI







M[?;[R?
7ND\;:RU$G0'0?0.
+ )\R4*$DU8D]'/*GNUS)RW&MG<
MTOML6@2$AU \DER0/(!PX %% '6T%T+_P *5/Y:_;&/I%[(W)V+\<]R21(M


M;R'R











MGMM[4R
/@K




MINM\/U]\
Z2-

MZO1)S-_RKFX?\\


P]A_P#AY[7_ /=Y0^TU[_N'+_S2;_CI



RO7_









T--4;HZTW!A^U=MQ2LZ


Z9%
Z][]U[KWOW7N

MN(VE$.D
5-KWL?:W;8_&W&WBK35.@K]K =(MRD\';KB4BNF!S3[%)Z^/%[Z*






MI0?J![EKV5 //



M_GWJ5?9F
/SU Q_!!
?^


P_A%


CKY@?\R_^

G[2C<4;S%1\2L!A#SKR


M!(((X$$9!'D1U22..5#%*H:)@000#Q!!P0?



MV8G;YK6YB\NYHW/^U8%1_P Y#T3JM_X3U?S=J6JGIX/BI2Y&*)RD==1=\_&]
M*6I6P/D@3(=NT%:J&_\ NR&-N/I[$:^[WMZR@F_*GT


(
M80K.G7&?[ KLPE8KIB8@1MJDH&377O+R%;K6*YFG/HD


M
]8H8/41TW9O8=%1&D32I07VK(S!M5T*V8!;S[^KI




MS=S#S1+XF\W+R1@U6







MTJS$^@ J3^75[OQ)_X3C?S ?D6V*SO:.#PGQ4Z^K6CFGRO;9FJNPY*!C$)
M)

'O)REL^J*Q9K^['E%B.OSE;MI\X


MW!7








M5448IV:X#O&(R;KI]Y:^PRTY0N6(H3N



M'ED:60DR
223YDY)_


















=B82OC+

MT_4_Y^X^?'K!/W!N/JN=MSDXTNW3C7^S/A_\^\/+AU7)[&70.Z][]U[KWOW7

O)&YJ.(M'/^\]
MQ_P=#'V]D$7.VV











P






MV\W/DNZ\3NGV5V_3F X?T)0




1B*:LR%9*?]3'&Q]LW


M _BN&T'_ '@!I*_:@'SZV$_C)_PE=^
.Q#C\W\H^X]_=]YF%DGJ=H;+@7J3K









/R
; _
MR)Z^43[SWZP




IR3J/



1AIS3ZWU KI!OQ[(^9XO'Y:W&&A.NQG6@XF
ML3BG1YRQ+X'







GMS=NU
G48K
8RJ4-'(
MJ5%.RBHHJRG=X:JFF$E-5T\CPS1R1.Z








N;W5+D D6(5YYC:3DW=%7C]!.?R6-F


6U-O=?XN






L\Y9?')



P

)#62['[*VQY?'%F]M9&I@A9*FF8B*OQ\P6LQ]1Z9%
;PRRYJ\J\U[3S=M
M@W';&R

M


RL&;VMN[;
M&1J
5G


CI39WEUM]TE[8R/%=QMJ5U-&4_(C]A\B
''7T*OY./\[S
M8OSSPV*Z-[XJ\#U[\O
/0B&FHHM.




W(K
)KECFBW%V;C:3I_ -12'_BX4]?VA
M6[3_ (I2! 6!HDJ9)!_FU<D @W=/<7DK:*BZW!I!^&(F9J^E(@]#_IJ?/H8

M5-FLY[A_XI&6)?M%/$8CY$(?\/4B[5[#;S/1]XO(+=/X8U:5OL-?#4'Y@L/\

ZXV3MS9U



M)-PB^HL)X



M_P Q?X^28W?M9C:+Y.]







K?]7%



BIX5QI:Y( M]1[
=HLSN&




MMOJSLS=WVQGG:.+^^V[=OX83I3






$55@5)!^;Y_
T_
]^Z]U[


MY+'UL2PS1.DD4B!E((!]MS0Q7$303JKP.I5E8 JRD4((.",$'CTY#-+;RK
M/ S),C!E920RL#4$$9!!R
@]?04_DF?SM\5\W


M54S_ *8::EITDGGE;\*JDGW5W2-2[D*@XDF@'Y]65&=@B ESP R3^71\.H?Y
M6/\ 

MK*?X^PKN//?)VUU^LW&U##BJN)&'VI'K;^70IV_D7G#=*?1[==%6X
R&-3]C

M&M;5/


?SED:3_ (R@BI]F
MH_;T-]O]@K!*'==PFD]1%&L?_&G








MZEMS4&.1ES_1)'^3KHK:3?46L5Q@^)&K8_I '_+TK?:?I1U[W[KW7O?NO= 9
M\GNHX^_?C=WYT?((0W;O3G9/7%-+4:1%2UV\=GY? XZN+
0(WH*^NCF1[C0\

1^8%.BO?-O&[;-=[6:?XQ;21CY%T*@_

MC 










Q7ICMM]RIN'H/.SNZH))^QJ











MJ:$'_
1@@X()!!!(Z27]A9;G:26&X1)-9RK1D85!'^0@Y!% 000#UH'_S;





ML2PS1.DD4B!E((!]MS0Q7$303JKP.I5E8 JRD4((.",$'CTY#-+;RK/ S)
M,C!E920RL#4$$9!!R





M-!W5X#)SY]9L^UMC;VW)-A.D4:7
D3




MNJ3?^%$&77&_RD?DO1M TIW!F.BL0D@DE:'OWK//&=E*MY59
(8M(*\R!K
M\6





MJ+/8^-2T@@HZ6F0
JZ$7$7WNV ;9S
F[PK2WOX]1]/%CHK_M4QM\R6/66_LE
MOYW+EE]HF:MQ82:1Z^%)5D_8PD7Y */3K9
]PQU







M!\C




?\ A5[_ -ED_'/_ 






DZ0?8/7F^^
MI]Y[AZ[[


MTJLKVZVZ[COK&1HKN)@R
IH01_JH1P(J#@]?3=_E+_S















$=8421R12-%*I6520010@C

M/R*ZMWYUW-1O*Z4#;DVS0)VAMO(S((S70P;*KZF9K\Y-T'
@]Q#[U[4+_D




M]:[QAB&/P7:N

MW]:J?#\O$3BT1/K7


A1R3







M3BEF$ JZ79NV\CN!Z.0W/W&0- ((E4,[RR*J@L0OVK;Y=UW.WVR'^UN)TC




2^H/K5








M/[?=VTON)9#)B


D:D/VTJIH=+ -0TIU]3KX]]]]:?*#I?KOOOI_/1;CZ\[
V[3








MZ][]U[K[ ?QSG:I^/?1%2\S5#U'376$[3M(96G:79&#D:9I26
C2%M18DWO?

OLMZ










R
_.\]_Y\EE*#0?K&+A; D$BG]TN?KC^TW*4








)HPRI
(*N*:






Z][]U[KWOW7N@:^1/=&W?CGT
M-W%WSNO2V ZAZWWAV#D*8R+%)DAMC!UN4IL/2LQ -=FZRGCI*=?J\\Z*.2/9
MEL^VS;SNMMM5O_;7$R1@^FI@3\E&3\AT6[QN4.S[5<[K/\ V5O\A'KI4D
M?-C@?,]?)GS.V.^.]MX[O[+EV%V+OW<^_P#<6<W_ +GS6V7N/
C*9C=^7J\

M&D@W7=+F2]











4L?^F5E_P (


?/?G8#/8VG



?T)ALBD&]O





34VFDBBK&K_ ([]M18^AJ%C







M



M$;XU=63LD




\Y1I-'2
M9GXI?'?*TL=2J)41T^1ZAV?60).D4DT2S+%

MU+?W -/E



B#

MR
49)J8







DTTE/4RI!Y&*$B&[]T_;WFK:9]FW1[BUAN8RA\
M6(G23\+ Q&055J



MYZOS0'S)^?W9%5MS*_Q'JGHGR]%=8FGJ$FQN0IMG92O_ +Y[LHVIY'HJQ-U[
MZJ:^6FK$NU3B8:$




M%]I?+#X[5]8HFWGL?8_;^VJ.4LJB7K[-Y#:.[#3
6$;5%9!V%BF=+%VCH]2^












VU%-CYG=I-K^&.8U

I0+!'N-[3P[H'WSEA%CW3XI(10)+ZLGDLGJ
*_'#U+:*66

MT
J))%(A5@&!'O*:.2.6-98F#1


M;2R15-'6T=3$LD4L;*\;J&4@@'W5T21#'( T; @@BH(.#@@CB.K([QN)(R
M5D4@@@T((R
@@\#U]2_P#E+?..E^?OPIZV[CR$\7^DW;JMUAW;1QK'&L/:









/\ D^J-=[;BV%AEE.EC5:9CU^0-


BE;QVX4^
Z_YZJU\^/GUG9[?3


M%']M-4O_ %C\\?G3KYTOO


W\R[H/

M!WE-)

#

M8U7%N!.GVQ5+T^9B+@4S4_EU(7M;O0V3G6TDD;3;W!




M%G


MBV%R?]]G7'7U


E?%C'V-'5


JL5N%8@?V'/'*&
MY@?1[E:%CP5I%C8U]$DTM_+H W_)'-^V$_6;==A1Q98V=1]KQZE_GT2?
X+-

%3P92+,HY!]B:*6*9!)R





M_P ]

MMG.#:6W_ #B3_H'I#U/PA^%M93ST=9\0OB_54E5#+355+4] ]43T]33SHT4\
M$\$NTVBFAFB8JZ



ZRF069P
MP=X_0Q*$K[-8/=#GVW-8]RE)_I+$_P OQHW^K/'HJG]L.0[@4DVZ(?Z5I4^?

\-3(BLI((( RL.9N7=TH-NOK29SY+*A;\UU:
MA^8Z!M_RUS#M=3N%C=PH/-XG_DVG2?R/18O9YT2='@_EP_+2K^$?S1Z)^1/
MDJO[L[3W;%BNQZ.DA:JFR/5^[8)=L[_IX*)2!79DVWDYZRAC-A_$*:!K@J
M OSGR^O

M_;)CS(4DK_2 Z^KE@




MEB=EBD8(YLI/'L@YKMOK.5]QM1\4EC.!]IB:GIP-#QZ/^5;GZ/F?;KH_#'?0
M








; * +DGW[C





E-54E532-#44U33S*DT%1!

ME8$$ CWEHK*ZAT(*D5!&00?
=8G

L=_?]U%OM<9^,O<$?8!#7_.M*7WDOUC5

M/Y4W_;M?X.?^*R]2_P#O)X_W@7SY_P KING_ #W2_P#'SUGAR'_RIFU_\\47


KG-Z]E;LJ





X_8KC\J=7C^XOZD_KW

M2




M)
E'#
T:


M5254


A'[02#^72


S
/PA^7%-7TE=!5XRMV]T7V;E

^U.P^[/BQT7V=V[U]O


M?&5%/

MANUTMEMD






(XT0$^E0+ )





M I:Y
8O?KFD']:TV]A_169?\

MD%

M8#(;5W[MC




MG6W\Q[_M5!MM[=0*/))75?L*@Z2/D13HFW#ES8-UJ=RLK6=SYO$C-^3$:@?F

MM';RVSGSBE8?L63Q$'Y*!\NK








M$Q




M 

4?'U;Z#

M0\V2WGU?C(]K3IY,IAJ5M&M5!'#0ID7[B^TL&]^)O7+:K%O!JSQ85)CQ)'




M4H\;G\M41T6'[GI*6G4PTM/N/(S1T&X-(13D9::M*O)55LPR8]F.?'N .4-V

!Y!C19






M]U[W[KW6F7_PKG_[I]?^77?_ #M?O)'[OG_+7_ZA?^UGK'#[P/\ RR/^HK_M





LM#MW=&SNO:1$D
M@F2GEZ[ZTV9L[
PB2#@LVX\/6R
K$O&\A1K%=(S@]J[

]^Z





GGJXKX


M%\9OC[L@4[4S0#:'3/7.VA U&TKT;0C#;;HO&U*\[F
K;078K:Y]D-QS!OUW



MNDPGR2[BI5GH*K?LE14MT-LS(!9$U+F





M:NVY9X9:&J[ W?'3318Z&0/'3QQS5DJ214YBD W/G.]ER7M1N'I)NDH(@BK\
M3 99O




M\F!'11O.P[/S!:FSWBWCG@S34.Y:^:
*






)JQ;!F4'\D#GVGN[A;6UENG^.-G/V*3_ (.G[6!KJZCM
M4^.215'VL0!_AZ^QK24E-04M-0T4$5+1T5/#24E- @CAIZ:GC6&&-0%2*&









MXFVV+N\.)48R.-*OKDC 3S:A):@6E2 YS3;\Q7FT26G+$EO#N
O;XDK.H1

N?_A*O_

MKF26::63X\

:FYV
MXD_\

**A6OQO9N_XJ24N@9EC3+]18
MJN#1

M6COU/H8XZ_RF(_GTG?V-YR5M*R6##U$DE/YQ

N\S!/'%C3V73YR5HF(UL*4HHYU:0

M*WUT'WKU=YO])G2W;777V^K[C^_77.\-H^#3^KS?W@PV/\6FW.JUO8@M=VVJ

]^Z]U].S^1+WW3]^_RP/C76O6K59_J; U_0FYJ<:B<
M94=3UK8#:E$SD 

MB_]D?3WT2VRT%AMMO8CA#!''_OA?\ )USPW*[-_N-Q?'C-.\G^]L6_R]!E

$GA7B\1_WJ/A;@0#1A]$KXH?+[H#YK
M=3XSN3X\;[H=Y[5K&CI






^7?
M=/QMRTU;D,9L;<[3['S]=&$J-S=<;BIX<_L/.SO'#!2RYIVWD((Z_P PQ9*
M*HA4GQGWGKRCS!%S1R];;U& 'E3O4?AD7M=?6FH$K7)4@^?6!O-O+\O+'
%S
MLLA)2)^QC^*-NY&]*E2-5


MBF.NJ_NMN!Z'L[;M6T@N6I!5[WKZ ,=2)CB@ C6.^'GO7M0L.


A?[V@Q_R;R=0I0B








M2S32R%4CBC12S



PY
M7Y6M-CVNSDGO(8B&:1A'&'=F=B NMG 9CQT$^O4#;Y[0;AS1S3=[YN=Y'!9S

]WON

M;!1[7ZKZ[V+UGMJ'1XMN]?[2P&S






'J\ML2AJJCH[XTO4:*/IK:&7J'JMV4L$GDI
MZSMG=D
5!5[UJ&E E&.6.EPE.R1
*62HA^[?+3DKVQV/E%5NW NMZIF9QA#Z

WSFYFM5)M=EKB%#EAZRO@OZZ:!!CM)&HTN^Y*ZC?

+C1-YEQF&H
M$22MSNZ
_4P13RT6W-JX2FJ
A7S*DCI2T[Z$=]*
5;WO-CR_M4V[[BVFT@34
M?4G@JKZLS$*H]2*D#/1ILFSWV_[I#M&W+JNYGTCT XLS'R55!9CZ T!..OJ=
]^Z]U[

]^Z]TFMY;-VKV'M+<FP]\[?Q6Z]F[QPF3VWNC;6<H

M@:@@^H/3-S;07EN]K=(LEM(I5E85#*10@CT(Z^6=_-/^$=7\ ?FCV=T-2M5U

K6F1ZG)]5;QEK9MNPU%1

W]@=RYTVVVI4Z60CY15E/









W078CUB.D]3O/

&LJ.B
M?E7VQU_(RO-1XWM'9VT^TZ




MK

]1
M_N?*'-&SU.Y6%S&@XMH+)_O:ZD_XUT3+V).@YU[W[KW6U%_PE\^;F/ZG[[[!

MIHE


]^Z]
MU[W[KW7T-/\ A+SF?XI_+8SM#][]U_=SY-=HX;P7O_#?/M/K/</V5M(T^3^/
M?<VY_P!%[_@8@^^47A\Z*U*:[&)OM[Y%K_QFGY=9=^QTFODQUK71?2C[.R)


M0'H(]@9@1$J#IJGY(/&3?L#MNBRW#=V']I*D*G_2*7?]OB)7[!UC-[^;EKO=
MOVA3_9Q/
P_T[!$_9X;T^T]:@OO(;K'OKWOW7NC2_$7YF?(;X.=L8_N'XZ[[







::AYZ?C7-00


MTI7
[F)+6?0B@:E7T9*^P6[







[







-*1Y

MW\7 L.+V[MW&B5EIJBA@I8 3I0$L3EUM&S;9L-BFW;3D-HG *.)\V8\68^
M;




M+B_WLIYMQD1[ [DRWFX;.Q['C291Z%&T
1]NM*_Z4=8\^_FVJUIM^[J.])'A

MA/\ A*[T



M@_O.QMIG/XBBA_RD4!Q^3=4Y=X_\)??Y?78:5=7U%G^Y_CYEG\IH:/ [N3L3

A=P2VO(_
LGAN?L

0
M32Q,&0G5#(&4U4K\:@@BN7'6XQ\/=]]_;_ZV5D/E-U36]/?(+4HVOVIMI\
MCMG,8'+;HPL%-'4;UV7E]H9C.8*MVEO&6.NITBG+4
TLU$X+TQ=\=.8K7:;







MI8V5XW4


4=
-R:EK=C2-CQ_28_P!F


/WYH$Z6[Y&1:F5O\


Z][]U[KW

M7J7_ -Y/'^\^?/^5TW3_GNE_P/GK/#D/\ Y4S:_P#GBB_XX.K /82Z%O7O



M:Y



&EI*6&*FI:6FB2G


223[RNBBB@C6&%52%  JJ   
M#  & !@=8J2RR32--



MTO3[=PAJ*Z46)



7N979W8\2S$



MVMU6\:!54@55%% 'D   !Z=80SSS7

34LS&I)/F2223Z]
7







M9I:@304V^=_4-!2;.V[51*1X

MN%I]2PCBKYI&278?)G(7[8SUB_[Z\P176XVW+MNU?IE
DM/XY  BGYJ@+?9(



Y
IH\?&7-[

M48_S/6=7MY(TG)&V




T[#V?\ &7H_
MM7N79GQRP^%^/N

#DJ'?^YZW%SR5E
M9TBXV%2;*BC+7VUN=AY+Y)AN=[NH+:YO&:X(=P'*M18Z)EV!C56% ?B/6)G
MN3;[[SGSM-;[):SW-M9JMNB$H&6K2:F^!2)&934CX1\NI'QX_X2V?-GL7^'






















MBJ3)9&BFK$QOWCO






M6HT6=J6DQ.]]T[4W%/XF01I-0[PV1BL!32U*/= 
K(@*

MNHKRW;S)177]J.6-/])T%KWV-YNMZM:RV=POD [*W['0**_Z8]5U]K_R8_YH

D%G9:I(^I\QO.K2G
2:V
D2-$.)%1N/8

MECSIU79N_9&].OLW4[:W]M#=&R-QT;%:S ;OP&6VUFZ1@2I6IQ6:I**N@8
+
M6:

MIG9*=MP8'^#=KXRHOK2
58Q_7E=30Z]08U;(H+NMH@][=M-[R6;I!W6ES'(?








T9-_8=W[E/E[F:/1O5K'
X% ]-


Q.?S)$A

MUEI:=SI:2@CJZ=OU)(Z$



MGL_FJR6ORF4KZE^9*BKJYF8V 5;V4!0 
M[



















/NC#S:K7\N

ME^J'H&F+



FLEHH9]^['GVQ-110\+?^[U4[ W)!'JD?:O?VY6B;W8(_


M[?(^[44W1M9C^&X4QT^UQJB'_.3J


MH57*4.X\5'/05/!#4]0X((-O97O6UP[UM%SM
_\ 97$+QUI6A8$!OM4T8?
#


M[?=KINH9&1QZ
I(/\Q@^8SUT L;VWW&RBWT;5:S1JZ'U5@/Y'(\CCI=^TO




M2E;4P*DDTDJ_QAZ_P ;D:K[DS .:B:9E5%$90 W4_M#R!
VH610_T9I@/V
M&0@4^0'SKT+8/=WGZ%=)O0X_I0PD_M$8)_
GY4Z5.X_^%'?\US-K*
9W3L;9
MYDACB1MN=*=6U30.DFMJF+^]NVMTJ9IE]#!P\87]*JWJ]L0^S7(47QVTLF?Q


*^;OR@I*K%][?)_M_?VWZ







OV8C

MWWBA

MPT*^^MDUQRE#=H*FWO$)^2NCJ?\ C13_ %4ZFGV


[//*<N[4=FV]_]W=VA&#F*(U#.:<&;*Q\#6K_ (0#














MYC/5(/R+_P$U'\NGN45N2ZQQO8?QIW-4:IHINMMTU&X=GR5C)(NO(;,[_O
M


M/$R5+]0=BUH2+RJBX'=E?DMB(SL#&VZ 2VDZ0=



MXJ#^7%_

=


4^







M4/55]?4R2R$ 7=S[Z PPQ6\*6\A88UJ!PJ* #Y G6 
TTMQ
]Q.Q:9V+
M
3Q+














P'V]?6
M:VENK;F^]J[9WQL_
46X=I;RV_AMU;6S^-D\V.SFW-PXZFR^$S%!
0IEHLGC







+F;8BMON3?O#;QY2$^*!_1ER3_S<#^@IU$_
_L]


#[R
Y8]QN
M5N:M




M

M#N?=]'
7-M[N4;:K8RZ(SY&.








MFD*LD&+.LW2









[6P0T-7!D)
MI:BIZ2RN0K)XC!D$R
IFVOJ\GW7W$N-5HVBQ\$V-OO)[?R-(_-^SI52/\911
MD4X3 #RIB7TH'S5R
C_9WG^-8TY0WAZ



M=W[SSV
VSMK48=(A493-YBIH\=11/-(J*9)%U.RJ+L0HM+2ZOKA;2RCDFN
MG-%1%+



M-/793
YG)SU60R60JYW+R332/([&Y)]Y'6]O!:0);6J)';HH554!54#@ !0
M#R ZQSGN)[J9KFY=Y+AV+





3ZW;A^8DL!Z)+EU^6K6H\EZC'F;VFY6YAU7$?1;@?QP@




[

?()*/+[?W!CX




MKH/6P2IJ


904JA?XU0I-G-

M8EGMB=*


M.E+DJ/RA*FEF\=3327CEC1P5&-M_M]]M=TUEN

D%VG%'4JP^=#Q!\B
$9!(


M^X?D1WIUKU)1?:R5=)1[MW/04FX\S%$LCNFV]HP25.Z]T56F%R(
=154S:39



.M)MW'5$=
XA:L
$F0J(U'W%1
M
WJ

11G^*1_]

DD\ !YD];U'\C7^1A'T1'M;YB_
M



MSPT














]G]0T6S^SLDDK'N3J0
MTFP^Q'K9$F5:_-U%'0U.W=Z52-*/5G


M_09:R1T]%J=2#_2



MVW5/L;I?6HSIQ'
!_I2=+4]5:I\D'#K7/[ ZY[ ZGW7E=B=H;'W;UUO7!S-3



=G:(TEU*X5%&2S
: #YD]?4&_E-_R]
!_+F^*.WNK9







MFI!^?1MM&_;SL-Q]3L]S+;RXKI.&IP#*:JX^3 CY=;'_ 
9?^%5GR VA'C\'

MH:WOV&VFX)EV&[EMGXZ)!XJ?8&&EU'S/B'J9-D]]]VMP(M^M8KE.&N
^$_VE

MBIB69


-ZY4L&'YCHU^
RV*S5**[



):))'JL?MGM+
M;&_,Q 8E+/^#V)7;DS JK#TP^#RM<:5-Q<0VG(O.5Z0+?;+VAX%HF0?[TX4





0P*J0J*!5   ] !0#\NH_EFEN)#-.S/




%BHX:?
;!Z'DE^WJ(
M8MKR543Q[B[(HVB_?W %2*B=F@QRZ$:NK














M[]U[KWOW7N@%[^^+GQV^4VU3LSY#]-=?]NX!$F6ABWEMZBR&3P;U&@3U6V-P


;O?*[E^&W=&=Z@R




M.5VACY&B.DYZBQ

MZA7?O;WFWEW4]]:.]JO^BQ?J1T]25J4'_-14/RSU6?[&W0*Z][]U[KWOW7NO








4DRT[9#8/








MY;SX?/X_PUU#




-C




=



U)W7\GZRA

MN*+\XX05!_YR-(/RZQ0]]-W%YS)!M&L=G;U/RDFHQ'_ #C6(_GUK^YPZA'

MV+JD9D19]_YY


= 8F








MP/$/_--


'B:&)8:/&XC$8V

MJA_-?\/1!NW*W+F^@_O:RMYG/XB@#_E(M''Y-_@ZI[Z_P$L_PDW^U9D.C.



M0.)C7Q0/SB+BGSK3HANZ=E;RV-D#B=[;2W-L[*B]\9NG Y7;^0%DBD-Z++4E

MR4K'54E-D;5&[-]PUL

M=[Z$I\U9OLX R#M'M!SMNA#30):0'\4S@&G^D77)7Y
J_;QIL4?$3_A+_P#$
MGJHQVZ/D_OG='R@W32M'4?W5@IZCK'J6?2SB*KPV&R^0WGN1J.8KIDFS-)
M25 0^:B*N8Q#O
/OCS!N(:#8XDL8#^+^UE_)B BU^2$CR;SZF#E_V0Y?V\K/
MODLE]./P_P!E%^8!+M3YN ?-?+K9#V%U[L/JO:6&V%UELO:O7NR-NTHHL#M'

MBS$_-B23U






R6\EIY&J!Q+
: #[2:=-
M3S16T+W$[!88U+

M^K4J[?[9B6_/KG_S!NTN_;W=;Q+\5Q



?C
925%?D*ZJF8)#34=%2QRU-542N;*B*S




U+&+25V0GJ:R7^W*Q]P)N

















?E




C
MGK\E3U&%DI

SD*HD.(@6.!

O???KK5'LEM#:1'



Q


M&&,\:L02H(MK;3HJ=%:T\J^M/7/5=:_$H-=*5IFGI7TP









M


MZ%6!!_
=:^?RS_X30?!;O9\IN+HVOW;\4M\5OEECBV:1O7JJ2LE!+3UG7&Y:
M^GR%$@=5T08?-XBDC4M:$DC3+O+_ +U\T[5IAW01W]J/X^R6GRD44/VNCD^O
M41[_ .RO*^Z%IMK
EA='^#OBK\XV-1]B.@'IUKM?(G_A--_

M^2NV:=9:B*?K?==+MS=Z449EN]?LWL0[8





MF8?BG8R5^U

M[



M

M=




^G1Q-@_] Q'DA_O#_L]6G^+
M4NO^_P!]QX_L]5/Y?-_HN_=_A-M7E\?^7VU^/G1[#EW_ *]]#X/[K^$_V=./






















end







begin 644 item5graphicnocolora01.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_X0!:17AI9@  34T *@    @ !0
!  4
M   !    2@
#  $    !     %$0  $    ! 0   %$1  0    !   .PU$2

# P'0X/#0P.PP
M#/_; $
! @( P,#!@,#!@P(!P@,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,
M# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,#/_  !$( BTQP
!(@ $0$#$0'_
MQ  ?   !!0$! 0$! 0           0(#! 4&!P@)@O_Q U$   0
# @0#
M!04$!    7T! @
 !!$%$B$Q008346$'(G$4
H&1H0@C0K'!%5+1\0S8G*
+CY.7FY^CIZO'R\_3U]O?X^?K_Q  ? 0 # 0$!
M 0$! 0$!         0(#! 4&!P@)@O_Q U$0  0($! 








M[-*_EL72

4W#
RDDI-_9O?RMO]W7MU)C[TH1CKSVMYWV^_IWZ'UQ
M17Q9\&O^\/P3^-__!-_QQ^U!IEGXUL? 7P^NIK'5=.O[.TBU@7& +$D:W+
M0LTGVF'8#

[P#@\5Q.H?\'(7PC/P%^#?CW1?AC\?/%\?QTO-7L/#.@^'_#E



M/#?]A:I=V#


M/]KCXF77PS\17?A?6M2\%^ (=9TV.\MI&1U$L=YD [=RAU1BI!*C-=GIG_!=


^






/PX







MOB-K'PW^+WP;TGPG-

ML5+DAT9 ZL&HA%S2E'5-I?\ @3LODVTD]KA/W':6EDW]RYG\U%-VWLKGV117





^@?%7Q7I?BG4/
M#WB+4=

6O
M!X;\$Z;)J5ZEFB27
ZK@+%$KLBM*[%44
R@LP!(ZU
IQ5-5G\+5T_+57_!EQ
MIR=3V27O:*WJDU]Z:?S/0J*^8_@%_P %4O!O[3O[!FJ_'WP/X)^*?B'2]&FN
M[2Y\(66AQW'BT75M/Y
EJME'

MIG[


_P#P7D^$/[47C?X*:+I7ASXD

7*;IK=65O5J*^^327GIT9]/


M
9A<^3U(

M 







T

MT:(T

M*$KO:
8!-P$^S 

MM-?)GMU%%%24%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444



M]#\$ZC#+;7?A[3]$MK;2KJ*52DL;VR((F5U)5E*D
#@Y%95:;G3=/^555'_N









TG;^:/
M/9OJI2OJ[GY:?\%.K[X9ZA_P4L^+&L^$?VAM3_9+^/7A'PG96^N+X[M]/E\$
M_%G39+:1H8XH)IV^TX!$
F^)\;0$@9U=J\[\#_M56\-C_P $S_VFOB9X!T'X
,,A5)_:3XT?
MLI?W]I&ZTV?XB?#7P#X^FT<DV$GB/P]::HUB2<GRC/&Y3) /RXZ5TFO_#7P

90  !2





5^YW[$/P)^
_P
!_




M6DU)? -UX=7X[2^%$D5=)?Q5%


MRJ;XER
J*FE!P]BE]F
UU5^9M)JW\L%&/I!+96-93




H!;RMNX[<#T/QS\&_'Q/UOP_J?B7PK
MX;\1:EX3O/[0T2[U/3(;N?1KG 'GVSR*6ADP -Z$-QUH<5[TEKSW3V7N^S]G
M96MK&3G+6ZN]5S79A4BY0]GM9.W^)S4];WT?+35E9V3L[,_G,_9(T3]KSX+_
M /!#B7XM??XWZG'\'[#Q!J\/BOP#I'A+2QJ^FZ0;R6._O;/4IHI97E +28(




[_ ()@_M9?#']@']J+]LKP'\=/&WA?X8^.

[6Y\5:FFFC7]%NXT-G);2W!07 4+)A$+

M]]N
&-1AU4:9906J2
]R86(

C-8?Q&^$O[/G@W1O$&C^+O#/P;TG3_$$]SX



%_#=GXD\7101ZUK-KIL$=]K4<*;(5N)
MU4/

_V8_^#BC]LZZ^)7Q$\_#VUU;P]X1
MBL9O$NO6NDQWCIIT1=8FN)$#E002%R0










M4HPC)_.
$N]I2UL[.Z-10K4ZO\L^:7G%3E.
?E*3?9M1[(_%3_@EG\5?%GA?




M(L)6+SP%8Y0QV

^&6M_&#P]X3;Q%::]%;N^GW%GJ+QW=J!%)YTJQR; JL@B<$$
M#)^Q/^+'_!1#]G_ 



'02IEMLJ?
MN3@C)JQ\5_@-X&^/%II=OXX\%^$_&=OH=ZFIZ='KND6^HII]V@(2XA$R
(Y5

FNMD_)XK][#DV]SE^?-.3OWBU+E
M:[7M:Y^%G[*GC#Q1X;_;+_;*CT']OCX:_LCV\GQKUQI-!\2^'O#^I3ZVWG
/
.MBLX
M;'Q!/'YBR2I'9N]O&0PV%(V(!4]\U5\7_P#!


SYF;B*



44

*O] &A?!OPAX7^(^N

=





I

WJ[W=22=N16U;^_VFW_@:OWY8K9(^//VF?@W\2/@




=I*NJ:




MXF^(36?PL\


EA

M4I0=FK26MK)RDZEK;62;26Z7
[V;1



NB3).^IQ16UND*R16V[:X@5Q]U_M/_ /!3+X8_LT_!
MS_A*WU*[\2-J'A.X\8:1;Z3IE_?6]W8QPB2.XN;FVMYH]/M969$6YNO+CR6P

E



M;+9(RO%Y*$_0WQ#_ &@/A[X*_9W^(G[57@W27\5:EI?@NY2?SIKO2IKZ#2)+

*)UG8

M2E/E]$K)KM#5:+E^8_CC\9=1TO\ :ZUJVF\?^)M+^
%EXL\)V7PZ\%6OB6ZC


1(UD;X=_;H\-V\?P]T?QIH_BOP7\0?B$EPEMX4;
M0K[4[RWEMKB.UNF+VL#J+6.66,B[?9$T4B3$JA)IR]U**UNTO-Z)V6_V)<U









KRII5JYB*P7490?98R/T]HKGZ6?6+3[7::O


MN^1@WB?Q \;:OXX^&_Q0GN/%'AWQ=X8M_@Q\4(?#-YHWCG5/'5O!:;?#32VX



MWVD^%[_QKX@CT?0M$TZ1K5K^[NI9I%C\L-%; 11 W%PRI&NR/SIHOFGXPV?P
M\^!'P

;/E4=]FXN+N


8_LKP+\?)/





MWI_BXKR5M$C/E2A[-;:KY./);7M'1==%=NQ\Z_M&_L\_$'_A

]K/']KN494A#.)(W6:)H0)

C6O:2DFO/XG:]VMDU'0N4G+
M?R?S223\M$EI9.UVF]3X+7_@F'\1OB#\$&^&_BK4_ ^CZ'X%^%FN_WP;JFE

!](\4O=3W%R[V5K(UOY=TLK[(@8T
MCER2$\QOT6HK3VD^92;O9I_-2<F_5MN_371))6J51O1[7V^<';TO/GOKJSR
M#]E3X4^

M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110




M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!PGA[_DYKQ=_P!BQH?_ *5ZO7=U

M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44



M!E..N&'K7J-24%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 45\C?\/8I_\
MAFC_ (7)_P 



M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%


M3=4MX[NUN(SE)XI%#HX]BI!'UKS3]BCX-WGP8_9 \!^%=?2.XUR'18YO$!9/

MTN^FM+)F/4^98QVDN3SB49YS0![Y1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 
MZ5ZO7=UPGA[_ ).:\7?]BQH?_I7J]=W0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %?/_\ P45_XJWX6^#?AZGS2_%3QQHOAZ6+_GO8QW']I:E']&TW3[U3Z;J[





M_PKL_&NEZYX NS_  RW+11:O9$^FR/3-14=B9R.21@ ^@**** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ^!?VY?^D'

M8XI$9YI9X\[(LDT_CY_P5
^)G[*7[17Q(\)^+A\)_$

MI;SPA::?Y9TS^U;F64)
U\'(

$Q/#_[8_QV\'^+
^-32?&R\O-1\2 ZAI=M=FYG79'+!J-O81:E+9<

/A=JOQ@^(VOS:5=QW/PUU[0+7P.+;0Y


M/AW]FOX+^%_ 'A*TDL?#7@_38=*TV&29II$AB0*NYV)9F.
ECR22:Z7*+YW;
M=QLNWNOF^5[6O=Z7;NVWRJ


A&XXH VOVR?@;?_M#? B;0=*\2:;X1U33]=T+Q/9:M


F@7V@:6OVF;5IU@MSIUVEV;?R&=
M)I74RMEG;Z!_;^U*X\8?#71_A/I4\T.M?&C4E\
2- Y66TT@J9=7N0PY3;8)




MJ_/'_@I/\';SX]_M$?%BY?5/B%/)\$?A]X(\?^']'\/^


?'^M6=


M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% 'PC\1/V
K
MWXS?\%/_ !

N#QI
MNE71ECE:4!Y;:2




M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BOSC_ .EG[4_Q@_9L_X*4?!V

K%$96D8
MNZA!PW[7'_!27XP?LG_'/X[6OA/XB2?&:W^&_@?6O$/B:T'A:SL=!^'%[+-;


M !0\56ZPZ[XG\-0:EJB65HX628*1(\4*[GPY4LJ+N)# #/%6HW3DGMROU4X\






M_











M&H+


MRS_L]_LL_$#QI9Q_:-4\/:%=7.F6X&6O+[RRMK H/!:2=HHP#U+BKG[5/QRC

5\7

MR



(9I6*1WFGP6[MJ=A*P!/EW%FLJC.52=+:4JQA45P.KGX9_
M\$./V7[6XTOP]KEQ\/KSQ%YWB.^@N(YKVSGN(1&+Q;50BR(9(8$
%JB)!&Q9






M:1V.U0 


M*Z$$KF2/S5)1N^TE31^'/_!*[X'_  HU+QQ-HOAOQ#'9_$J?4;KQ3I-WXSUN
M^T779K]=MW-/IT]X]H\DB\;S%N4 !2H Q]#44N56MTU7RE:Z^=E?O97V*YFG


M=/U.2W^




MW.H(.A-E9QW5W@\










K29\IP0O!/OE? ?PF_9-\7?\


X^_* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ KX6U[XE6










=+_9)\:^ _!WC

MZ6+6^A+:C'J4
TMO/IHMX?

%%?CW\+_CY
M_P $^KC7)-:\.ZI\/H/B+X'L?%8UN
6UI8V@\7:(;V#4X+I4
$?V9V
L=RBC
MRI
L-C9(!Z9_P4*NI/&GPJT7X4V






'H]2TC1(
M- NXGM4%W?VT<RZEI=VPFB;5KI&,90,


5IY'EQPH9T=0(X







MC:%HEF;S4M7G6-I&6*/*JJJB

M2
@!Z9X1_;-\&ZY\-_%7B/6O[8\$MX#3?XETKQ#9&VU+1@4\R


]/6Q6;
M0;6VEFN[V!8YG)D#VA$$NR56N@[1;8WQY1IG_!&7QM8^







M3!!'9
I
IR;C?#]U4CH)$*L RL




K_ $?399H]*MVTIM4N8+25(]-DMRZ%
MV+VSWD1CD(
:H_T!^S!^VWX-_90^&'C_ 



K3.N]C]R_L
MP?\ !




M$GA?QKJ^G0:

J


1G8HL7F
Z*W



N9?VR?@MJ?

PM[CR/(E(5B(YG^5ONG

73





MAEEN;
QJTSH@:2-S$ =%^U?_ 
%*[O3OA=XF\.SV?C3]F_QUI&L^!%NKSQ1/


$\/AK\.OB/X:\6


'$+(1*D9'DG_!.WPY\(-2_X*O\




MVVA^/M O_#FHS6






MM/M-U

SAU7PM%X?TC32S+-/<2R+

[?H;\-/BUX5^-'AO^V?!WB;P_XLT?S&A^W:-J
-_;
M;UQN7S(F9=PR
C.1FOBG_@H_\.[[1OVU?AUJ']@W'BSX?_$:%?''AFV%TW



M$P\SXM?\(;_9W]L_\)%_PI_Q?_8WV#RO.^V_;/[


=Y+IUGJ(A0:AJUK

2IP ?
'QK_97TO]BSQK\ _AA\(/!_Q.\67?\ 9OBS5KZT


M_

M0V[QVVB#4;V1&N TRVK


MDW+LV_V1OV5M(_9




B?ZY2&X(KSS_@FCH'Q4\._M5?%:
MT^



7-G!\LL2V_EW!F%P(E$A^9
M=;_:^
7@3_@BA-\-[S0?'^O:L?@I_P@-SX%B^ /C/3;C27;0_L'F?VS);/:

M/O$6D:5KGA&^L]/.GFWF75+B&WFL&C+RJA6Y!DO+K=;Y$;GU3_@G+^R.W[%O
!_VP/ ?Q&_:'UKX8Z-JS7WB;0])@UF5H


J:^M: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@


M^%(]6\+K#X;GU:-+&.QM)=.:WNY(E*M+]HE1%G0LDB@K]J?\$YOVE]9_:D_X

 M2\4^,;=
M8/B%\2+]O$7B&/?YATTNH2UTU7[I9VJPV^5^5WCEEP#*V?7J BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ^8+_ /X)I7)T/Q1H.F_'CXO:/X
\




M+/&_Q
^



O%?64!D9?
N)]+EU&..)
N[


GFN#_




M1-0



2UBP!%WL:'RD
:E7+_H=10!XA_P3M_9PU7]

M8\F

M-J6HWDQQ':6\
;22R




M8
#&]EAN^^+OQ%\
?\%2OV)_V;/%7Q
^*WQ#TC6+SXHWW@;QC?\ PVU5XY;:

3KO%?7GB;]A7XI?#_P 5?$#2


_\ :SL?B;JWB[]N


VMFT@/V995_6CXA_\ !++X+W?P^*7@_X=_#;X

ZZM_P5*_9E\/ZE-9ZA^T5\K\MVVS6]SX]TJ&
M:%O1D:<,I]B :\V^$'[*?PK_ .AWC#Q)\=OB9\-OA_\1=/\5^3H_@0^(_#U

M4?P5\#^

21Q1
M.:(8:/ZK^7[5.L:M_P2__ &7_ (*?FU\::E\0O''PAT1VUGPU% B:+86
M&GV\.J&WOKETM!J,C6B*9#]GN;FW:?RP5#@'TA\OA/X5_8?_;1U#P#X)\


XCC



M0M:L+BXFC\^$[8+6[GG!!;
D






26;3Q.KRI+%;Y#D0NYX;X


ZEI%IJ

WT^XTGPQ\*-=;39-;LYX1(VN!K@PR3J)&G@^SR2MIT^8
M;)G=<@'V_7_M*_'&']G/X


MYACU/P\NWXHQ'7DNK'PW:30-)8-:7=OMDDN[B8!H@5@E@%I/(PC98/. &?#K

M/'IWAN9Y/

_:;A9;@9?;(/

/
M'BS]K;5
;_!^L:K=:7X]\.Z^KA-NG^3YIN] 
HWK;3V\=FUHS.;I8F+* ?LG

M2UC4_.=+JUDU*XN[3;%8JMN6%O
OF-?H7RJA6D_8U\*:Q^W[^RA\4/AY^T1H
M&D^*_!]AXME\.Z?!+J1U&75+&V2TNT-SJ%N(8[BXMKIWM7D@C0+-I\@+S
&E

M262K:S*RW:R1F)%=!;3A]^4(W+7_ (*GZ;X4O/#NK_$+PSIWP_\  'C2[AL=
M%UB[\5V5UJ

4D0LS=WT\UP+=4EE10(GF.552Q)\
M@^&G_!*2U\-_$+0[KQ#J7PUU;P_X7U.TUBS?2/AQ;Z+XGUFZLYTN+235M52X

M7PGJU[XKT6Q\26EVMZ6T^]N$M5N--BDM;$RPPPK \DDR1O&PG![SX.?\$TO%
MGCW]HSP?\0OCHNDZ]J'P[OI]5TIYO&E]XL.IWLEO+;QR_9I[&QL=-BB6:200
MVML[M
('

MC'^R?[/\KR?L7V7^U/)^S^3^[\G;LV?+MV\5]/444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !17
I<:9B:5&D:&5@@E<H ?755-:U^Q\.6:7&H7M
MI86\D\5LLMS


\ERBS1S1


MUJ__  3U^*Y^(?Q2N-2\ ^ ?B9IGC;3Y_%CJ.O_ !W\3:???\(Q]G:*RN(

MJ6H73%8K6%!EF.
D^@ !))  )(%.\4?$[P_X




4WA?X0^+O!?V?5=1T;4M
M9BCDL]&OQ#+IMQ+YA!60BYCM)5Z?:XI$3*O%N\U^'G_!7KPYJ_[7VKKK/CSP
M!8_!G4YI?#^BW$][%;7&FWEJH==1NYG8*EIJ#F\AA9L(?L-FR%C?*!V/@C_@




MQ?\ $;P#8^+=-O\ QSK%K%IUO9ZOIMN$OELK#^T-0L%ODGD%NLD\4K0!!(A\

BV]]YJ^'+N\62(VRP7$*2VC



\&G:E+:?
M;(]/N&C98IVAW)YJHY5BF]=P7&X9R-6B@#X%UW_@D9\1_%'P;\


DWFR[U.\U[+IO_!.S

M-5MXIAL*-)HLEBC*L(2%%$85(T@#+%NL^7[#O@']G[XFW?C+06\?7WB2^T

MU;PW?/IJSO/';2)HL]C;



DUK&DIB.^.)I
M) &V;3^=G['O[



8!^SU%%% !1110 4444 %%%%

M=0FXO-*?
5Y9WWF01%Y 9/+AFCB522]9?[37[1?[1G[.WQQ_;FNM0^(;:_?^

M6#R[C[5%:7

/AW^TQ^UQ#H^EZE\$_B?\%=!


MD?\ !.W_ .E5_X^^('Q8DOK[PK\+_$M]X)^'?@ZUUZ^N]*TQGM;#4S?0W\
MBP75[YBW5HUK.X588[:WD@[873XLO8/$VH_#?\ 9_\ #MW^T1\#?^G^
/@
M#X.O]2\

M7/\ P3#_ &G_ !M^SG\_CMINB^+O@3\=_$FG^(MT_1[GPKXIFFM]7U6ZT?

M)-$EOJUUXJUJ^\47VHP)N


PTZUTGPC<^8=-M_LBCP3KNH^$C=P;VD\JY;2[BW-U'YDDC[)S(N
!?C?\.?A?X9N;KX<Z)?Z%JVE:/!IVD7]WI<L


M^)=7.MWT7V6PTNU\HI;R_
#'-J-U/96
&?F(O)98U=H=I\R_;






?3=






KYO[(G['5G^S%=^)]


MKP_\3/B1XVTOQ









PON]^B_X)


MVL;V
=O
7-CN9EB) !^BVA:[8^*-$L]2TR\M=1TW4(4N;6ZM95F@N8G 9)$=

M

M37-K/IK:+*T:AM062\NOWTZ


M_
62
_Z*Q&?
SV?_  3X^.OC;PQ\6/%WP3^

MW2[U4:9]&AEM3=W$932Q!*ZSVZ







M* JJH      J]10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1



M-V?#'_,V7]C&8OO,GV3R_)W[_FW;,YYZUTWQ ^$OASXH_76_ FN:3;W7A'

























M:SIB:W\7?%NKVMO=PDF.4VUUJ4D
A&2
.C*0S @@D'WVBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHJG

M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%


MSC*+])*W]6LWM=)N^U.LX.+7249?.-_\^MUY7LU^'OA37? -AX2\ ^#]2\/?



E]$T?VG5L

%.I&#=KM+O^!ZIH7B'3_%.



M;3MJK7W/4_#W_)S7B[_L6-#_ /2O5Z[NO)]/TKXG6'Q-U?Q'_P (UX$;^U=+

M%/LQ &#GS3R

M.?#^@R^'? ^I2Z)IMO8/=OXKNT:Z



M+XH^/_ASX@T&+P[X'TV76]-N+!+M/%=V[6IEB:
2!?[.7)7=G&1G'4=: /5J


M/BN[VP&WENY#(&_L[DO]I (P



A7^SFP6VYQDXSU/6








M@3_PKKO_ .5M '=T5Y3\-;+XH^ /ASX?T&7P[X'U*71--M[![M_%=VC71BB6
M


X !ZM17E-A9?%&

@;^SN2_P!I (P



M\2K+XH^/_ASX@T&+P[X'TV76]-N+!+M/%=V[6IEB:
2!?[.7)7=G&1G'4=:V








$ ]6HKA/^$A^)O\ T*/@3_PK
MKO\ ^5M8GPULOBCX ^'/A_09?#O@?4I=$TVWL'NW\5W:-=&*)8S(5_LYL%MN


M W ?.#S&!CG( /5J*\I^)5E\4?'_ 

L
M31B0+_9RY*[LXR
XZCK6W_PD/Q-_Z%'P)_X5UW_\K: .[HKRGP!9?%'P3H5Q

J^*[MBPMKR&Y

M)_X5UW_\K: .[HKRGX:V7Q1\ ?#GP_H
OAWP/J4NB:;;V#W;^*[M&NC%$L9D

0!@Y\T\C&?$JR^*/C_P'/B#08O#O@?39=;TVXL$NT\5W;M:F

#'E#DYP#Q59?%

MNT:Z


J^*[MBPMKR&Y
/AWP/)%J6FV5@MH?%=WM@-O+=R&0-_9W)?[2 1@8\H<

MS@\Q@8YR#XE67Q1\?_#GQ!H

M.



\\7:/XFU#QUXI\01^
M


M/[1(OG3$2LT:&0Y\Y^!?_!(GXO\ PD^&_P /_$DUG\-]2^.G@?Q??^+-:UG4



FHV2E])R_\%D/@
M7-XY^!OAC3?$&H:UXB_:M$U/PSIMC8E[JQ:WEF%W=QL5:&/]RT87#2-)D*





TB.Y\/:)JGV);W[




M4+VRRHT9GW BJ'@;_@LW\&=?^&'B[QEXDE\0_#CP[X3\.V'C'[5XFMH(QJ^A


MC]
MAW_@EEXM^#

MDL)\F




\77

V8HW'GQV[6XD4QF8.M4/^E?[&NI?MF?!+2=%




?[&MX]!TAY
M=7ETBW



 ?DH7 KQ#XK?\$U?C-X


^X$50\#?\ !9OX
Z_\
M





$[?Q!#;S6-QHEK9



;B2W\/^)8+FQG


VRX*QPP%XGP8QSTWI)SZ227

GBK5-5ATOPWIOP
MW\^ _&FE^-/\4Z/:Z[?ZA)X97PQJ#W









HDCB5#&I1CM15L?MN_L


M*SNM+KX[+=)M*










;CP#%X@U_Q


MM4D_YDY6OK\#7+&^CN^:ZBG?Z

UKXJ1_$C5+TR3M9:?'+XD@UBZL+:Y
M


3)&WF
DMYN

;X8ZUJ



MO;V3=L3_ $V$11 A7W[77.

MNM[\O*UW2?

MX)^R]_P1W\;_  A\4V?_ !*?@Y\


MU#PKX)U_3?%FH7'_  @.CEDDL[.'29--CB9Y)XHY+J?[7N?&U5 SNT=NE[)3



M%J



X_QJ:?PN24O3J:2_AS:^*VGK=?I=_Y[/UK]HK_@JCX1_9NL?$VH






?[&MX]!TAY=7ETBW






MCC6*-55555&  





'-6?_!
KQAIOAC]D6.Z\3Z%


M#Z8-573=WG?:EF^Q
)=[6X@&=AE\SY*\ _:Y_P;?QX^-?P;^'_ 
.=
NOA



:VQC665;%XTB7
31
MR 
Z@E1]_1QK%&JJJJJC  & !5PLZ?
]WR:/=/DBY?)RE9=G&6Z:M
[\]ELG
M/T:YFH?/E5WT:E%[W.!_:;_:2\/_ +*?PJD\5^((=3OHWOK32=/TW3(DFO\
M6+^[G2WM;.W5V1#++-(B NZ(N2S
J@L.'F_;[TG2_AKX=U[5?AW\7-'U3Q%/
MJMM'X8N?#9DU^WDTZWN9Y@;:*1_.5Q;;(GMFF29IX2C%'WAO_!1S]D&;]M7]






8LY+EY0X


H7^U:6VW
HU+6N

?BW4;1
JB_=41





MO))YDB26CPK]G:99))8MK



MPZJ&S]O^PB
6*O


M5%=5\XX4[IY


MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH








M _\ #$^-_P#Y4UT7P=_8:^'_ 

M+.YEMIKB*%-2O;A(O



M\&27EO/$NI+9BU%MY@=HC'YVP [C&5W?PXXK&49J-64=W%*/KRU4WV5G*#VU





NGRW$M@MVFI_;/[/WBW.Y?D^SE_+.[&





MPL_[2M]*&EI%M-N7^S& ;BN_?YG(D_+5GP!_P $K_A[\.=8\WUCK'C*6;X


DMDME+=##2

9!C4


M\%?\$:? OPG^'O@?2? _Q ^+'@O7OA_'K=KIWBS3M1T^;7)K/5[M[R]M)VNK




DI\L1HUNC1G.^9U.4\4^


%9


;3W2

AD6X'S






:9_P1@\$Z7X3U2U7XE?%ZX\0:E\2+;XL)XEN
M+[2YM3L?$


M_!.H?$#XD:MXC\:
EIXB\36NFVEAI.AZH;-Y/M5KIBAB[O%'! +:23!_?7!V



T5&R+N79;L%?$AV-CV:N1^.OP.\-_M)?C6/!/C



M3S1






_C9_P %E/B!\2/%\WB;X6^*KO1/ GB#PS\


GA_46U&SDDGN899I999F


MTV($RQ0&\#V\



GI/AY_P3 ^'_P 
)WRP_=JY<@$[<*2/!?V@/^M]EX6^
M(6E^!_AWX!^(_B#Q=?17%Y='7/AKXRT^QT^UADCB
O[C1IYYQ))(%5XXC  K


 #SCPO_ 
%(O#
7AH?\)3X6^)-CXET^_O-'UBP\
M








M;^'_ ![\


MOP5#J.I^
]2@ABAL/#MZLD0@_L^QC$





L
M=OA%O##D44


MW;\+?JV]0HHHJ1A1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4453UGQ#I_AV*W?4+ZSL4NKB.TA:XF6(332
%CB4L1N=F(J.23@
M9H\@\RY17%^#OVC_ (=_$/XG:YX)\/\ CSP7KGC/PNVLZ#I^MVUUJFD@
%)
MN+9'
L/S




M&U@N4DFT]Y(Q(BS(6C9HV5P& )5@1P0:T: BJ/B;Q-IO@KPYJ&L:SJ%CI.







=]9R:I9P175Q9K
IN((96D6*1DSN5':*4*Q
M&&

MD@R.(XY'*KDA49N@)%XG H **S_?B[2?'OARSUC0]4T_6M(U/S;6^L+E+F


MD6*1XP=RJYBEL0 QC?&=IPSQ5XOTGP+HKZEKFJ:=H^G1R1Q/=7UREOKR2+

-.:\TG4;'5+-9YK8SVEPD\8EAD



MU26YF6%&FFD6**

M6G-K8Q33+&]Y
(WE


MD Z4WBC3+;Q+;Z+)J-C'K%Y;2WD%BUP@N9X(FC2258\[F1&EB5F PID0$@L


8L
M[Q&SHZAR-I*L
Y!K1HZ7_KM^8=;?UWBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH


WP6^%^H3?#?Q*O@CX;

M/LMQ)'




M'5CX?N+70I+RS\*OI&MSWEU;7=W$K069L898I09Y(Q
5*0F5P5'T'_P44\/?

M1(OM#*R@


I: FC@


:%25E9J1+DI<S225[[623O9=+1222VY90CK=<I\@?#WP#\2_%?

M#4;_ %6319+LVGE- --L4D

W)DDN]1AM9I(FFC0PVD]Q+(S$Q)*JLPT=+_P
ME7@[5_B]'X=A\.^



;=]:5;R5D
MF5T1KG=^\7 /E^73?A]\
_%7Q6UW0?#^D7O[2=C\$]5^(+&VDUS6_$VC^(AI
MZ^&;AIQ/=W





M)J/B_P 8:5\


LK36GH?Q$

MS[9 I*2%65SR_C?]O'7/V&;CQ9:_M!:]X'UJVTO1;/7=(UGPSI9\
PWIGO?L









M;R%8SYE;5)-U&TN7E;5ENI23]U=VES7C9NS?5
B7
U%R=WRI-^2DW=VM:[DD





M3U
4:EWV

M27

?%5I\9KFW^+/\ 8
G[0D/C[_A'
M_'
?B-YFU?\ L=)6N_\ BG#H0DS9F86P&PZ4P&_[5^^*Y_3BDY7Y%;X8\O






M'

M6/\ @JW-\2KOX
^'Y/A9)XZ75)/[::63PNMR;@ ^'=4^S%A?\ C[^S&


*+F1B7AF0M(VT








M@9!(:ZKXT6WQJN='\ ZY=-\:H=!\8:9J'B+QWI_AZ74FU+0[&ZUS1I1I]LEN


:S$



?
70KCRUCE#6:L-ZG[6_X)B?$'Q5J7[+WA72?'FA^-M)\2L^

M-J^GI Z+'-++97-DRR@J2RB.ZD(E3NG) *GK** \CPG]H;]@?0_P!H3Q3X

'6YAE VQE!
M&P+'G_#/_!
#PO\ #?0?^E^?'?Q.\ Z=H.@6?AC4H?#^HV=L?$^G6LLLL

F^)])L]&

MK*[F= Z27$DT@Y#
XXKNOVO/V6+[]J+QO\*=.N+#0SX-\'^(5\1ZM?S:I/%J

.@Z



5G&\BB0;'EN&EGD3 :5F


MIK2R25OL\JLN7LTE9-:^9/1IZ\S;=^K;N[]TWK9Z7V1\_PN?L#G5=#\/2V_
MQB^,6F^-M 7483XUBOM,N-9UWOY8Y;JVECN+&6Q2$O#;E%@M8O)\A!$8PT@

M0[T-UY$LD*221/)N=O=Z*EQ3CR]-K=+;V]+ZI;*7O))ZCUT\OZ;\V]FWJU=/




M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4

N]3_ ++L
)H;
M:WLI%2XU(3V=L633%#Q.;RYBMT19H_-$+DH-'4O^@_PGTOXKWW@N3Q#JDFN




MD[[#
)2O&=FS^.O*;C_@CWXBM? _@G3]/^)WAS[=X?TN#2=9^U^&-4CT[6XX

G^*O$D?A^#PS):M-%<QW<]O#?,TJ7$)AVT4R



OI#IZNTK13++]KWQ!50PL-YSC;VFNW

MA)=WUKJFJ:Y=ZEIVJQ:++INB^&=4UO4'NY+(7ZQQ6ME;S33 6I$K/&C(BYW




M+JHMV3?]R_SOS_=TU]+]/:4_;BC7]G:R^($WAORHKKQT/!CV?]H;O*7_ (2!

M^

M?#NWO8=.



M^$=
/B#6Y%\2

UT]FHU1OLN-*+7




M\4^

MX)E'QI\


M26\R[2%5WTE_X*
?![^V?%=B_BB\A;P99:AJ&H7$V@:E%9S0Z?(L5^;2Y:W$





M#7XD:'\8/A_H_BGPUJ$.K:#K]I'?6%W$&59XG&5.U@&4]BK 
I!! ((KY!\1





MK&HYSYK;\?VMY?1?^/?=_'M3*3DJ#:UFD_1NR:UTTNVEHO=2;U;-'9RLMKKU



/B!I&LZ?XXL9O!/BQ


L=_;W


@2





-3\0Q:1=V5G:6-ZEO%:ZC?QV4
MW=+


<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntitySmallBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityShellCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_IncomeTaxesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_LongtermDebtExcludingCurrentMaturitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_IncomeTaxesPayableNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_IncomeLossAttributableToAcquireePriorToAcquisitionNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTranslationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowHedgesDerivativeInstrumentsAtFairValueNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustmentBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsAndTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAvailableForSaleSecuritiesBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIForSaleOfSecuritiesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIForSaleOfSecuritiesTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPensionPlansAndDefinedBenefitPostretirementPlansDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ComprehensiveIncomeLossAttributableToAcquireePriorToAcquisitionNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncontrollingInterestIncreaseFromSubsidiaryEquityIssuance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DividendsPaidByGraniteHoldingsSarlToJBSS.A.'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Dividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DeemedEquityContributionResultingFromTransferOfAssetsInACommonControlTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_TransferOfAssetsInACommonControlTransactionShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_TransferOfAssetsInACommonControlTransactionAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncontrollingInterestIncreaseFromSubsidiaryEquityIssuance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_AssetImpairmentExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossUnrealized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_AmortizationofDebtPremium'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_AmortizationofDebtDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ChangeInTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPensionAndPostretirementObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingCapitalNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLifeInsurancePolicies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfLoanCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtExtinguishmentCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromContributedCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromMinorityShareholders'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStockShareRepurchaseProgram'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStockRetirementPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationBasisOfPresentationBusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansNotesTradeAndOtherReceivablesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInDebtAndMarketableEquitySecuritiesAndCertainTradingAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPensionPlansAndDefinedBenefitPostretirementPlansDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtraordinaryAndUnusualItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RisksAndUncertaintiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_BookOverdraftPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SelfInsuranceReservePolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetRetirementObligationsPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeLeasesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNewAccountingPronouncementsAndChangesInAccountingPrinciplesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCashAndCashEquivalentsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfBusinessAcquisitionsByAcquisitionTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCarryingValuesAndEstimatedFairValuesOfDebtInstrumentsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtSecuritiesAvailableForSaleTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsInStatementOfFinancialPositionFairValueTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCashFlowHedgesIncludedInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ScheduleOfGoodwillBySegmentTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SummaryOfIncomeTaxContingenciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerAssetAndLiabilityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPensionPlansAndDefinedBenefitPostretirementPlansDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAllocationOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ScheduleOfHierarchyOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostNotYetRecognizedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentArrangementsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCompensationCostForShareBasedPaymentArrangementsAllocationOfShareBasedCompensationCostsByPlanTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringReserveByTypeOfCostTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsByGeographicalAreasTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfProductInformationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_NumberOfCountriesInWhichEntityExportsProducts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStatesInWhichEntityOperates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityNumberOfEmployees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_MaximumProcessingCapacityOfEmployeesPerWeek'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_MinimumProcessingCapacityNumberofPoundsofLiveChickenAnnually'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_NumberOfContractGrowers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_NoncompeteAgreementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_FairValueMeasurementsAssumptionsClosingCostsPercentageofAssetFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_FairValueMeasurementsAssumptionsClosingCostsPercentageofAssetFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ppc_MoyParkMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityNumberOfEmployees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_MaximumProcessingCapacityOfEmployeesPerWeek'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_OwnershipAxis=ppc_JBSSAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InitialApplicationPeriodCumulativeEffectTransitionAxis=us-gaap_CalculatedUnderRevenueGuidanceInEffectBeforeTopic606Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201409Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_MaximumProcessingCapacityOfEmployeesPerWeek'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityNumberOfEmployees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TradeNamesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ppc_MoyParkMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredLiabilitiesIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_FreshProcessingPlants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_MaximumProcessingCapacityOfEmployeesPerWeek'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_FoodPreparedAnnualAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityNumberOfEmployees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityTransactionCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ppc_GNPMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_MaximumProcessingCapacityOfEmployeesPerWeek'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityNumberOfEmployees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityTransactionCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_NumberOfProcessingPlants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationProFormaInformationRevenueOfAcquireeSinceAcquisitionDateActual'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationProFormaInformationEarningsOrLossOfAcquireeSinceAcquisitionDateActual'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ppc_GNPMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquiredFairValueInputsRoyaltyRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquiredFairValueInputsNetSalesGrowthRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquiredFairValueInputsIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquiredFairValueInputsIncomeTaxAmortizationBenefitFactor'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquiredFairValueInputsRoyaltySavedRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ppc_GNPMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquiredFairValueInputsNetSalesGrowthRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquiredFairValueInputsIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquiredFairValueInputsIncomeTaxAmortizationBenefitFactor'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquiredFairValueInputsRoyaltySavedRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquiredFairValueInputsCustomerAttritionRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaNetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaEarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ppc_MoyParkMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaNetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_BusinessCombinationIncreaseDecreaseInConsiderationForWorkingCapitalAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ppc_GNPMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCashAndEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsPrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedOtherNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNoncurrentLiabilitiesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TradeNamesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_NoncompeteAgreementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ppc_GNPMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ppc_GNPMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ppc_GNPMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ppc_GNPMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SecuredDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SecuredDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableGrossCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableGrossCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherReceivablesGrossCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ReceivableGrossCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ReceivablesIncludingRelatedPartyReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableRollforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableWriteOffs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_AllowanceforDoubtfulAccountsReceivableForeignCurrencyGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcessAndRawMaterialsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoodsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventorySuppliesNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPartsAndComponentsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RestatementAxis=srt_RestatementAdjustmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcessAndRawMaterialsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoodsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtSecuritiesAvailableForSaleRealizedGain'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentAxis=us-gaap_CashEquivalentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleDebtSecuritiesAmortizedCostBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentAxis=us-gaap_EquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleDebtSecuritiesAmortizedCostBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyCashFlowHedgeGainLossToBeReclassifiedDuringNext12Months'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetsLiabilitiesAtFairValueNetByBalanceSheetClassificationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeCollateralObligationToReturnCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradingActivityByTypeAxis=ppc_CornMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DerivativesCoverageAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DerivativesCoveragePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradingActivityByTypeAxis=ppc_SoybeanMealMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DerivativesCoverageAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DerivativesCoveragePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_CommodityContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetsLiabilitiesAtFairValueNetByBalanceSheetClassificationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_ForeignExchangeForwardMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetsLiabilitiesAtFairValueNetByBalanceSheetClassificationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_CashFlowHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_US'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=srt_EuropeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_MX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_AccumulatedAmortizationRollforwardRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_IntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwillRollforwardRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_IntangibleAssetsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_IntangibleAssetsForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_IntangibleAssetsReclassification'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TradeNamesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsReclassification'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_AccumulatedAmortizationRollforwardRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_FiniteLivedintangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseRelatedToForeignCurrencyTranslation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_FiniteLivedintangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseRelatedToReclassification'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsReclassification'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_AccumulatedAmortizationRollforwardRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_FiniteLivedintangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseRelatedToForeignCurrencyTranslation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_FiniteLivedintangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseRelatedToReclassification'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_NoncompeteAgreementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsReclassification'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_AccumulatedAmortizationRollforwardRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_FiniteLivedintangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseRelatedToForeignCurrencyTranslation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_FiniteLivedintangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseRelatedToReclassification'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TradeNamesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsReclassification'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TradeNamesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TradeNamesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_NoncompeteAgreementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_NoncompeteAgreementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_NoncompeteAgreementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LandMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_VehiclesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTransfersAndChanges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_IdledAssetsPropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_IdledAssetPropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_IdledAssetAccumulatedDepreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=ppc_RoseEnergyLtd.Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOtherThanTemporaryImpairment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis=ppc_MinnesotaProcessingComplexMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairedLongLivedAssetsHeldAndUsedByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableTradeCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_AccountsPayableUnfundedPaymentsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableOtherCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_AccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedInsuranceCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_CommodityDerivativeLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_AccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_FutureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_CommodityDerivativeLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_OptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_CommodityDerivativeLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_ForeignExchangeForwardMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_CommodityDerivativeLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_LongtermDebtExcludingCurrentMaturitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SecuredDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtWeightedAverageInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=ppc_USCreditFacilityRevolverMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=ppc_USCreditFacilityRevolverMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=ppc_USCreditFacilityTermLoansMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=ppc_USCreditFacilityTermLoansMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=ppc_USCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_LineOfCreditFacilityFeatureToIncreaseAggregateRevolvingLoanCommitment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DebtInstrumentQuarterlyPrincipalPaymentPercentOfOriginalPrincipalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LettersOfCreditOutstandingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_LineofCreditFacilityCapitalExpendituresLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=ppc_USCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_PercentageOfEquityInterestGuaranteedForDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=ppc_USCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_PercentageOfEquityInterestGuaranteedForDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=ppc_MexicoCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=ppc_MexicoCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=ppc_MoyParkBankOfIrelandRevolvingFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=ppc_MoyParkBankOfIrelandRevolvingFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=ppc_MoyParkBankOfIrelandRevolvingFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=ppc_MoyParkBankOfIrelandRevolvingFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=ppc_MoyParkFranceInvoiceDiscountingFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=ppc_MoyParkCreditAgricoleBankOverdraftFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=ppc_MoyParkMulticurrencyRevolvingFacilityAtLIBORPlus2.5Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DebtInstrumentAddOnOfferingPercentOfFaceValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfSeniorLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedPremium'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DebtInstrumentAddOnOfferingPercentOfFaceValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfSeniorLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DebtInstrumentTenderedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPricePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_LineOfCreditFacilityIncreaseDecreasePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesForeign'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredOtherTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_TaxCutsandJobsActChangeinTaxRateIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_TaxCutsandJobsActTransitionTaxforAccumulatedForeignEarningsIncomeTaxExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017TransitionTaxForAccumulatedForeignEarningsIncreaseDecreasePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017TransitionTaxForAccumulatedForeignEarningsLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_TaxCutsandJobsActIncompleteAccountingChangeinTaxRateDeferredTaxLiabilityProvisionalIncomeTaxBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_TaxCutsandJobsActIncompleteAccountingChangeinTaxRateProvisionAdjustmentsProvisionalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017GlobalIntangibleLowTaxedIncomeIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCutsandJobsActGlobalIntangibleLowTaxIncomePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017ForeignDerivedIntangibleIncomeDeductionIncomeTaxBenefitExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTaxPortionAttributableToParent1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationShareBasedCompensationExcessTaxBenefitAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromContributedCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ppc_JBSFoodCompanyHoldingsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromContributedCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_ForeignCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=country_US'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_MX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UndistributedEarningsOfForeignSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_PR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UndistributedEarningsOfForeignSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_GB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UndistributedEarningsOfForeignSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017TransitionTaxForAccumulatedForeignEarningsIncreaseDecreasePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationPermanentItemsPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCredits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInUnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipmentAndIdentifiedIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDeferredExpenseCapitalizedInventoryCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesInsuranceClaimsandLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsForeign'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAllowanceForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DeferredTaxAssetsContractwithCustomer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsEmployeeCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsPostretirementBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsExcludingAmountsPertainingToExaminedTaxReturnsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_US'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=srt_EuropeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_MX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeographicDistributionAxis=us-gaap_GeographicDistributionDomesticMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeographicDistributionAxis=us-gaap_GeographicDistributionDomesticMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeographicDistributionAxis=us-gaap_GeographicDistributionDomesticMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeographicDistributionAxis=us-gaap_GeographicDistributionDomesticMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeographicDistributionAxis=us-gaap_GeographicDistributionForeignMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeographicDistributionAxis=us-gaap_GeographicDistributionForeignMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeographicDistributionAxis=us-gaap_GeographicDistributionForeignMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeographicDistributionAxis=us-gaap_GeographicDistributionForeignMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_MovementinContractwithCustomerLiabilityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityRevenueRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityIncreaseFromCashReceipts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageTermofBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedAmortizationNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDebtSecurityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDebtSecurityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureEmployerContributionsNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DefinedBenefitPlanNumberOfPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DefinedBenefitPlanNumberOfPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPostretirementLifeInsuranceMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DefinedBenefitPlanNumberOfPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOf0.25PercentagePointChangeInDiscountRateonAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureEmployerContributionsNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPensionPlansPostretirementOrSupplementalPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DefinedContributionPlanNumberOfPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionsPerEmployeePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionsPerEmployeeAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPensionPlansPostretirementOrSupplementalPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPensionPlansPostretirementOrSupplementalPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPensionPlansPostretirementOrSupplementalPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DefinedContributionPlanNumberOfPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPensionPlansPostretirementOrSupplementalPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DefinedContributionPlanNumberOfPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_EmployeeTypeAxis=ppc_SalariedEmployeeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionsPerEmployeePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_EmployeeTypeAxis=ppc_SalariedEmployeeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_EmployeeTypeAxis=ppc_SalariedEmployeeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_EmployeeTypeAxis=ppc_WeeklyEmployeeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionsPerEmployeePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlanAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansNoncurrentLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_AmountsRecognizedInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossAtEndOfYearAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesAfterTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlanAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansNoncurrentLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_AmountsRecognizedInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossAtEndOfYearAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesAfterTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlements1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlements1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOf0.25PercentagePointIncreaseInDiscountRateonAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOf0.25PercentagePointDecreaseInDiscountRateonAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingBenefitObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingBenefitObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCashAndCashEquivalentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDebtSecurityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDebtSecurityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRealEstateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesUsLargeCapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesUsLargeCapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesUsLargeCapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesUsLargeCapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesUsLargeCapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesUsLargeCapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesUsLargeCapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesUsLargeCapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=ppc_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesUSSmallandMidCapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=ppc_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesUSSmallandMidCapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=ppc_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesUSSmallandMidCapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=ppc_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesUSSmallandMidCapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=ppc_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesUSSmallandMidCapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=ppc_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesUSSmallandMidCapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=ppc_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesUSSmallandMidCapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=ppc_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesUSSmallandMidCapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesNonUsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesNonUsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesNonUsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesNonUsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesNonUsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesNonUsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesNonUsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesNonUsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDebtSecurityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDebtSecurityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDebtSecurityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDebtSecurityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDebtSecurityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDebtSecurityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDebtSecurityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDebtSecurityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRealEstateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRealEstateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRealEstateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRealEstateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesAfterTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAmortizationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetPriorServiceCostCreditNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossFinalizationOfPensionAndNonPensionPostretirementPlanValuationNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetTransitionAssetObligationNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesAfterTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesAfterTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAmortizationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetPriorServiceCostCreditNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossFinalizationOfPensionAndNonPensionPostretirementPlanValuationNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetTransitionAssetObligationNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesAfterTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AOCIAttributableToParentNetOfTaxRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_CommonControlTransactionWithSubsidiary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AOCIAttributableToParentNetOfTaxRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AOCIAttributableToParentNetOfTaxRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_CommonControlTransactionWithSubsidiary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedNetGainLossFromDesignatedOrQualifyingCashFlowHedgesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AOCIAttributableToParentNetOfTaxRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_CommonControlTransactionWithSubsidiary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetGainLossIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AOCIAttributableToParentNetOfTaxRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_CommonControlTransactionWithSubsidiary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedNetInvestmentGainLossIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AOCIAttributableToParentNetOfTaxRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_CommonControlTransactionWithSubsidiary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_AmortizationOfDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlanActuarialLossesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_AmortizationOfDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlanActuarialLossesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedNetGainLossFromDesignatedOrQualifyingCashFlowHedgesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_AmortizationOfDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlanActuarialLossesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedNetInvestmentGainLossIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_AmortizationOfDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlanActuarialLossesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetGainLossIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_AmortizationOfDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlanActuarialLossesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetGainLossIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_AmortizationOfDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlanActuarialLossesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetGainLossIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_AmortizationOfDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlanActuarialLossesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramAuthorizedAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncontrollingInterestIncreaseFromSubsidiaryEquityIssuance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=srt_ConsolidationEliminationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireAdditionalInterestInSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockCapitalSharesReservedForFutureIssuance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodTotalFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=ppc_ShortTermIncentivePlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_OtherLaborRelatedExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=ppc_JFCLLCLongTermEquityIncentivePlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_OtherLaborRelatedExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=ppc_MoyParkIncentivePlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_OtherLaborRelatedExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardDateAxis=ppc_January192017Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardsForfeitedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardDateAxis=ppc_February142018Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardDateAxis=ppc_March12018OneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ExpectedAllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardDateAxis=ppc_March12018TwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ExpectedAllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardDateAxis=ppc_May102018Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardDateAxis=ppc_December182018Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ppc_A40NorthFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ExpectedFuturePaymentsForRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ppc_GNPRestructuringPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ExpectedFuturePaymentsForRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis=us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationsHeldforsaleMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis=us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationsHeldforsaleMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=ppc_RoseEnergyLtd.Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TangibleAssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeSeveranceMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=ppc_InventoryImpairmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=ppc_AssetImpairmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=us-gaap_OtherRestructuringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ppc_GNPMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ppc_GNPMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ppc_GNPMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ppc_GNPMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ppc_GNPMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ppc_A40NorthFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ppc_A40NorthFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ppc_A40NorthFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ppc_A40NorthFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ppc_A40NorthFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ppc_GNPMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ppc_GNPMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ppc_GNPMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ppc_GNPMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ppc_GNPMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ppc_A40NorthFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ppc_A40NorthFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ppc_A40NorthFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ppc_A40NorthFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=ppc_GNPMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=ppc_GNPMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=ppc_GNPMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=ppc_GNPMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ppc_GNPMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_PaymentsForRestructuringAndDisposals'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ppc_GNPMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_PaymentsForRestructuringAndDisposals'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ppc_GNPMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_PaymentsForRestructuringAndDisposals'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ppc_GNPMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_PaymentsForRestructuringAndDisposals'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ppc_A40NorthFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_PaymentsForRestructuringAndDisposals'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ppc_A40NorthFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_PaymentsForRestructuringAndDisposals'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ppc_A40NorthFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_PaymentsForRestructuringAndDisposals'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_NumberOfYearsSinceLastStormOfSimilarMagnitude'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_NumberOfBirdsLost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_UnusualorInfrequentItemorBothExpectedInsuranceProceeds'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_CatastropheNameAxis=ppc_HurricaneMariaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossFromCatastrophes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_CatastropheNameAxis=ppc_HurricaneMariaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossFromCatastrophes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartiesAmountInCostOfSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_RelatedPartyTransactionExpendituresPaidByRelatedPartyOnBehalfOfCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_RelatedPartyTransactionExpendituresPaidOnBehalfOfRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_OtherRelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_RelatedPartyTransactionOtherTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis=ppc_LetterofCreditFeesRelatedPartyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_OtherRelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis=ppc_TaxSharingAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_OtherRelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ProceedsPaymentsUnderTaxSharingAgreements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ppc_JBSUSAFoodCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartiesAmountInCostOfSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_RelatedPartyTransactionExpendituresPaidByRelatedPartyOnBehalfOfCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_RelatedPartyTransactionExpendituresPaidOnBehalfOfRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_OtherRelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_LetterofCreditTerminated'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_RelatedPartyGoodsinTransit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ppc_JBSUSAFoodCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_OtherRelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_AgreedRepaymentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ppc_JBSFiveRiversMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ppc_JBSGlobalUKLtd.Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartiesAmountInCostOfSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ppc_JBSChileLtdaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_RelatedPartyTransactionExpendituresPaidByRelatedPartyOnBehalfOfCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_OtherRelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ppc_JandFInvestimentosLtdMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ppc_ComboMercadoDeCongeladosMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_OtherRelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ppc_JBSSAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartiesAmountInCostOfSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_RelatedPartyTransactionExpendituresPaidByRelatedPartyOnBehalfOfCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_RelatedPartyTransactionExpendituresPaidOnBehalfOfRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ppc_SearaInternationalLtd.Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartiesAmountInCostOfSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_RelatedPartyTransactionExpendituresPaidOnBehalfOfRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_OtherRelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ppc_JBSToledoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartiesAmountInCostOfSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_OtherRelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ppc_RigamontiSalumificioS.P.A.Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartiesAmountInCostOfSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_RelatedPartyTransactionExpendituresPaidOnBehalfOfRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ppc_SearaMeatsB.V.Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartiesAmountInCostOfSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_RelatedPartyTransactionExpendituresPaidOnBehalfOfRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_OtherRelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ppc_SearaAlimentosMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_RelatedPartyTransactionExpendituresPaidByRelatedPartyOnBehalfOfCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherCommitmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PurchaseObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PurchaseObligationDueInSecondYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PurchaseObligationDueInThirdYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_LeasePurchaseOptionMaximumValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_LossContingencyNumberOfOtherProducersNamedInLawsuit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherCommitmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherCommitmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_LitigationCaseAxis=ppc_LeniencyAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherCommitmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LitigationSettlementAmountAwardedToOtherParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_LitigationSettlementPaymentPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForLegalSettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxPeriodAxis=us-gaap_TaxYear2009Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherCommitmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyEstimateOfPossibleLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxPeriodAxis=us-gaap_TaxYear2010Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherCommitmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyEstimateOfPossibleLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherCommitmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyNewClaimsFiledNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsNextRollingTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInRollingYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInRollingYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInRollingYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInRollingYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityNumberOfEmployees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_PeriodOverWhichNoLaborRelatedWorkStoppageHasOccurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_US'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityNumberOfEmployees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_MX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityNumberOfEmployees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=srt_EuropeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityNumberOfEmployees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_WorkforceSubjectToCollectiveBargainingArrangementsExpiringWithinOneYearMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeographicAreasRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=country_US'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeographicAreasRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=country_MX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeographicAreasRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=srt_AsiaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeographicAreasRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=ppc_CanadaCaribbeanandCentralAmericaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeographicAreasRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=srt_AfricaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeographicAreasRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=srt_EuropeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeographicAreasRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=srt_SouthAmericaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeographicAreasRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=srt_AsiaPacificMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeographicAreasRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=country_US'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeographicAreasRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=srt_EuropeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeographicAreasRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=country_MX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeographicAreasRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_IntersegmentEliminationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=ppc_ChickenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=ppc_OtherProductsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_US'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_US'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_US'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_US'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_US'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_US'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=srt_EuropeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=srt_EuropeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=srt_EuropeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=srt_EuropeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=srt_EuropeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=srt_EuropeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_MX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_MX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_MX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_MX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_MX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis=ppc_LuverneMinnesotaProcessingPlantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis=ppc_RoseEnergyLtd.Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis=ppc_AlabamaProcessingPlantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis=ppc_DallasProcessingPlantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis=ppc_LouisianaProcessingPlantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ppc_GNPMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityTransactionCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ppc_MoyParkMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityTransactionCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilityForCatastropheClaimsByCatastrophicEventAxis=us-gaap_HurricaneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossFromCatastrophes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilityForCatastropheClaimsByCatastrophicEventAxis=us-gaap_HurricaneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossFromCatastrophes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairedLongLivedAssetsHeldAndUsedByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_AllowanceForCreditLossMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MovementInValuationAllowancesAndReservesRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_AllowanceForNotesReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MovementInValuationAllowancesAndReservesRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceOfDeferredTaxAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MovementInValuationAllowancesAndReservesRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'

O+G)E;'.MDD^+
MPD 
Q;]*F?L:5\'#8CUYZ6U9_ )Q)OU#.Y



*P).B0\5?UX^8 TBTH_0(:+L A#&^NQT:E8(C

0;FP@R8;-OGYIH(?
MMWF\81AU8\K(XK%T-8943OTJDH\ Q:X831F:3LTXXFBD(3^ G/
6+V2?$9/
M-(X'PJ8%EQV^3O8:W7..7AKQ%/25V^9CGIYFHQ*/B76_..7+8\#?NW_+





!3+UES@6QHO(];JM-O=5H1I;*$81V1@?5XL:$#05%%:;U\@M.4?
M
_@5RU2-9:
!$U=!)KF(M/+Y;

M5
+$P&IG/U9KQ]'22(R7V4!;I)]J/3%0@R#3LZG5C.=GSVQ.V?C
K:=#1M






_Y/%_GM
T+
T.W


M4E5@
5O& RN0HGQ


MOT4SMA*7&+SCYL=Q3E.X$G:V#P(RN;LYJ7IE


G'G%$0%T10(C



U_HL@6V$5#)DU1?*0XG!/3-R0]A4)?.NVB8+
MA=OB5

)%K/]8UA[Y
M



0QY@%CS#*%F.-^'19H:
M


O







($- W3V46 +$?%'Q XB$GP)
9IC[.CQB)[B

T*F_RPAD8IMGJ
0
\KU]


JF#6GQ-&=!AX!9!


1]3/&+@
*;@ 'W()BI4XW? Q2ZG 'W0$Q

MWP0

MP;

M2P


MQB:J]/56K^NF&5M*/OX]-SJ_]#D&7A]_M/[+-/@TF

VSOY^5\

M




E.F5/V4PH\US$\I^J'2!NY&
MJC(^HNHC2A\L^:NHY 4-$C.BR
R8%]T-&!U.1OH1=#*RIU!R0$E1


$K#.6T1'*GS$,!GGG&@LQ@DCV'
4C
M1AN#
]R1U($Q4)8Q8TD'
D@B\YFQ H6VD(9O1!&@$TYM4@;SWI: ;)9OXP

:)*D=

H$4Q$8JUI
N]-)CNHLQHEJQUG-4H$IW(P
M\N?=6M%9


MI


M6V0ZIE%BVG-

M6U%5F3E
F:T

M0D)G
FN+=#B3A+/G(3)7(NI2.8UAZ*#0-'FYK..9I)HYL76BB1TOP&DL2=


M0OT-J+C:


  #!P



M;9N.;_Q*B'X- #]6I

X)
VM0T((4Q B^O.+PL]



$%
M  @ D4-.3BS)Y@%Q!   L!







]Q




PLJ5;



 &7K
M0B-
M:DF9 ]![B%Q/T:S3_FG'TV\E[AQ0G=LA0DJN'




M*^JE?VJ:RW


MT]*/?6_O#NDU:[Z6MU_=F)#UO3'[W]V[RUIXIZ3M8U=F=?_7VUWKILQ'EE9*

T@Q)&K6!F2+8=%$$
8D8PYS

M/B6)B2Q)F\- *14#25M@0ZU1HRP[$F5'@FRRHM81UQ
BG2L.TJ#I3''0S
J*
M1;&Q
$DS:SL19)/3%+-



LT *W3(^BQ(P;;2#!M
MJ&@!9.U
L0*Y2H/]S$!;UA%&U$@%$7:2D03RW\4++LA
+W

MFC.OK$^ AF4MP.)(QS1Q 9:HV
[HEHLUQ)^9JYB7'*6I:@Y*0J998#(X-]2R
M/8#@#PA4
J_L[7PPS1R5\-(C^(B=D8RR1Z#D$72442C_F%#)$DI;MKV4N

M:-DE$(1QICX\@AX781@F=.


QLE'T*!9_D(JV[-S2[A#1

MG-1@!9S1%IG=!)

VM?PO!WN'7[0

O&M3+5EU;FR:7[^TOF#DWW&+7/U7#]
+PT
MY66\6@GN]SNK_P%02P


MB]U]5A
E



MFH$ZS.R

$F%TBEDA#*686X0Q*6:-



M^Y\!4U)8O#50;^LX*:G+&3G6C/40*J6#Y5L#_;9




D2PX


H@Z%)%0%2DVCJI$V*.FW[
M[<#E0[4QM9W0O?ULXU!4/]@W^MSSOW UTDOY)NJ 73PP5FK4E1KW6TQ5GD-



73+EO




B-1X?:
M_]Z^MLLL'YSD9]QUR^WN[^CN9=MWJT.4;&4U_[;_7*QWGV^'^-^+X0)T*$#'
M L9?+

='$'K$C%1Q.G] K17

(#=!; G 5(4[;27^)UDO:^H];&RHK9:%DPT
M/H@::YF-E3$!FW;0M .U+@3P

8F

M0P%!!C/(  @%2&CV3$Q55(C)=)%4E!KD([)4LDZYI'10&+E7%,DLGKW:R;
D<<2X*GHKC4/=:<IU[ASSBP_G.HM@#K6R9$%
MJ9!(J-!JARK


M@IQ7U4!EK50U0&680^D]P2 CD%G)=&A&E_*A@V4 )^^BT^/23^=6A %&(+N*
M
N&F=Q.G&DARAU6-_-/Y%6-L

M!V-VL=%O=2ES9\P0!@R1]9HQ&O1-SO$KF0

I88Z]BQQ
M@G2^-&5B#!





MG:CBN76



+H#.$6U&8MTP[Z%W.N?GAR06+6;Q]WAD^WHKGM9
M]\,Y@Y.[QP,N'VDX8'NS\Q5LS^F\B/
_M3
'_/-XV*]'7WI^KY;[0Y9/'1=


$%
M  @ D4-.3H^L6(JP 0  T@

Y3/P7


MMN^*L
5
%9@Z;I

H%\Y.WS;AFH^.PFUX0FY]Q_A=02P
$%     @ D4-.3NV+


ZH(<@!14/C (
MW*[P$H%(I3Q8^&D:\H W)[?V#_$VK&6BW#P:-2SK'U7T'M*:FC$J/R3F3[

M

!Y1RN
$1





M*!6(4
:OF9





@C03IFR5NQ7SX+PE;]52#



M;

E;M!:V!\G4#@6=$=?'8^R[7QTL#+O10M?P'_MSS98;&&II0;C



3




MXG3GI



LRVGC?


%4SS4E4_%?X0(*PX
2S%$8






MV8(6[L;TT.%-;:P6'DW;


6@_+


-.V7PF\(5PB''8%AF_DEX4636C





M:&5E='


M;]3




M@'$!KY._#V#'=5NK+\ 

5NVH(2]PAZT


4CWA.

3G*%':N))RL [5S.*E
M*/$Z[9V.^SC=I
D

PZ9$4?DGX421&1R)F7K?B_#$R8'[WI3!
M&5L1[[QXZ[V7@N^O
W8)1'/








M=#$Y+GAM;'U3VV[;

M/ 7C:YG131 $$@H?& 1N%[@%*0

M9.+@U\K$M
M?9/1/24E5**7_L$






$%
M  @ D4-.3F5'[HJT 0  T@
]P?&7-F%N[*]-#A36VL%AY-VS#7
M6Q!5!&G%^&YWP[20'2VRZ#O9(C.#5[*#DR5NT%K8UR
H



8\;$H4E7\67A29-2.Q4^][$9YX?^#8FS(X8ROB'8IWZ+T4

K!W/+[)W_!IVA^$;63GR-EX?-G8
M_]H8#RAE=X4CU.('6PP%M0_'3WBVTYA-AC?]_(/8\HV+/U!+ P04     1


2YX;6Q]


M?H#[V9V-M]C
4DH-K978$@-51F^WQU
2XF/ HX3!+LXD5')!? [&US*CFR (
M%!0N

MW 


M@$\ /@
.


M&HBFF-
J<!?ANS\4'M8)DE6)!(D_RUQ

MR20W8K


BYX;6Q]4V%O

VR+=L7P
;O


M_F2\Q1:62FKHK



MCE


C


M=K3(HN]LB\P
7LD.SI:X06MAWTZ@S)C3A+X[GF33^N!@1=:+!KZ!_]Z?+5IL
M8:FDALY)TQ$+=4[ODN


G1XZ]*8

70/1''.:8O@J
M)EDB&+(O*?A6BA/_!\ZWX?M-A?L(W_^A








)O5W@ I0*1







M')R2'5P
8HM*)35T5F)'
M#-0Y?=B=SFG 1\SA-&NSB14<D5\<;G*J=)2 @4EXH+_=X!&4D(^C9^S
M)EU!N+Z_*;^,=;N:[D*X^H?LC*M3D]4E)!+0;EGG#\!'
]]Y3
Q7^!&R@/
M#YGX&4J&U=2#M:AGE5\*EJ\3KOLXCY.-^EQIFT3^$S@^$8X[ I4


MP;=G/D_=+Y-WV]FN(_T_9I^2+8%TDV!- JD_RUQ W/XNTBVZJD&T\1ILJ3$
MH8N3O/(N _O XYO\@4_3_E681G:67-'YEXW]KQ$=^%22.S]K?]@BZ&@=N'X


MZ
/^=
YB? KX)F'TJS.)E5RM?8[&Q[J@NR@(%%0A


2@PI


/5L\L*$6+EVF7)NWC=)
=9]@V@






]D%) Q='
!V@R=0*A*AC!\3)YU31N#R
M_



M=R(^\?;$L3=E=*96I#L4[]%[*_CA/F.W2#3%G






MZ*U#/;%X*5J\C;MLXSZ
-]=\@JT#^ 3@




MFWX0F[]Q_@M02P
$%     @ D4-.3MLJ*E:T 0  T@


25:3?
T^HXF3[%WLM5P-
3V2@GS


1%[&\\1)YY0!N#R_LG^)

MPL=I_R%

]
C@Y5Y+UKX OYK?[;!8@M++348)]$0TU!'_?'4Q;C4\ W:-;
MG4FLY(+X$HV/=4%W41 HJ'QD$&&[PA,H%8FC!\S)UU21N#Z_


M_*'P=IL@VR3($D'VWQ*W8N[^2L)6/=5@VS1-CE0XF#3)*^\RL(_I$=GO\&G:

Z=DV=#;*^U
&\G4#AD=$O?
M'4^R;EQPL#SM1 W?P'WOSL9;;&8II8;62FR)@2JC=]OC*0GQ





<CKM_
M/\NYW;>O@!WW'OW[CC2 
;NBKXT'6

\[4)\#/@I8;+,PF57!?

[8BWGGQ
MUGNO.3\D*;L&HBGF-

$%


M+?6Q
*V68N^#ZJI@A

G.M:Z#];6:GK.J?Y



Q/


MP
6.YW3L X@*%$'

*USF








M)JE#(#N8N# GMTGF-

[!]
\.X(




8I


*J@9B
W+W)ZAJ6?%*.E^1]P!F[ASHFM44JN_2\J

G)V0@OF


M4C95U4J-M$K5Y)FUQS8*&!?P.OG[#MAQW-1] 68XY\R%(1V

;G$FH9*S


M.60@+L]OZE]C[5C+63BX



MLHFB5FJE5:JVSUX8P(K-4-LLZ=_7-H2BE!?;
S[GS
7C?$+S8CL 1UZUZFU!

#]/ZF0:.%\Z9IF1T
B#J2M&(\23XP+61/RSSZSJ;


C$
MQZA0V;B2:K0.]:+B4]'B==YE'_=IODGY0MLG\(7 5\)=C










M'(Y9P$? 'PZC79U1J.2L]4LP?M0%WH6$0$#E@@+SVP7N0(@@Y-/X.VOB)60@









MBN-V



MLILD
&UL


MJ%Q0X'Z[PB-(&81\&K]F3;J$#


M;Q =^%1V-WZ$.O_!%D-X\+QSI_--&:3X;??Q!;OG'Y!U!+ P04     2


RYX;6QM

M[D=_-MYBBTHM%&@K4!

M.'Z&N9X/E




M4]MNW 0_17$!X1=['2CE6TIFZIJI59:I6KSS-IC&P6,WB=_GT'[#ANZKX
M


#!J=9^3:G=Y144(M!

F&*
TRL65E(/S1L\JF(H6+]
NN[B/T\WM8:9M
M$_A




[Q
M.7:G4UOJ@60'NOG/4J]UNMAS
AJFR!4_4@!NC-22TDI]J8LB%JD$ K%\09





\LIX[T5T

@1(7BW$T$P:8+G%1$T)PV(E@F/\\
M:HJ*I A!M!/!

O9LN&^\Z1!Y#UR=_X/
$^D)ET_7*

$
M%     @ DD-.3N

?-%EX+J&]E#9W=JJ00U=JD:





2B-P+_6Y
BY LZ1E9_@)YE=[5'9%1Y6B%M#H6C:!@C(EC]'^$(6.
MX!&O-71Z




F:T1@-3/!
M

M     20TY.=P;MC




D:OD(N6;6WRI

5'H%S)V33^+5HXM72$;?S#_5G7[NMY4(U/$K^D]6F*_ !

M:YE&64ZN3FC!G&9


M7_Q?^-Q2WZAJ6:_111K[?/PE-U(:L*E$=S:7SG;QNN#0&#?=V[F:W_*\
')8



M3$PY#O%'XJEK6FT3I










M_P)02P
$%     @ DD-.3ICC*1NW 0  T@


M*KD8\Q*

MV(IXA\D[]%Z+E/.


O

BYX;6QM4^UNVR 4?17$ Y2$.&D7V9::5M4F;5+4:=UO8E_;J.#K
M 8Z[MQ]@U_


AMM=:F-\G4#AD=$O?


?HT!EXTJ*WCK4DXI/18NW



1L-A]WT@]C\C?
_

M:&5E=#4S+GAM;&U486_;(!#]*X@?4&P2MUUD6VHZ59NT25&G;9^)?;91P7B
(_+/.1.NLS5: 7OX:21&:5D^O<1A)H*G.)K
MXI6WG?4)4N8#:^$;V._#2;N(KHUE] ;KGJDH2GP4WHX9AX? #\X3&:S1[Z3


M \7M'?:@_4V#1G'G3=
RVQO@=20IR9+=[@-37&A:YM%W


3'J%#:N))J


(=W0=BJIPI
&Z?)D@H''2=YY5T&





$
7$_=7DMM <*T2@3%N!
MJY70]]<[@6N1 ,6(QA4/BAB!:Y' A0D8O 4N-:(:$*VN) (4$EH7*^@R#!^

J :C.O84BYMY*C)1$2
6
0R#G-Y)89!@M[M
M9HM$7+:8&(E@F#$F
 S23



.Y 2&28#J0Q
1K!P'0@
MC6'08L*O*0R#1IW!^3T%1(9I'QH3HQ$
3$W6S^_6LIC6'0]ZRED(C-%A.C
M 0P1@[[&

- $]92A&$@U!G&V2)1
MQ%0IPL00@%B:C)A&&C6HHP#(0Z@Y
M$+'9

30D&RTSH
@8S8P SL1C?/R0:
M%\W@:ILYL^6NV_.OO'5QRNMV&_;JZN6]PI-LMZE'UU?B\:5_._#33/^RXH^D






';;5 !L?T00@(F+#A(:2&T@
08@6$VL

M#6:N


M:&5E='



M*OZ^ ./=V@_]^\!K=2F5&4!%WM(+_ #UL]T+7:%!Y535T
B*-YZ \]K_%#[O
MB





D
.\

S=Q%DSL]!@RF@='83;=
[.2S)
M$D*FVXY&%\(\@=^IN%2-] Y<Z;ME;\9<P5:







&_=D0&\VG T!5&7F-N$49=8]8($UYC[A F
MNL9\!AB97&.^()[X&G./,!;/ \*D%XS?SNUE@@E.,/4$<D00!@$FD)! ]@3J
MBD!8LS9@DAYS'$89SB7.HF 6Y611RGI_=P,F'&4)27#%A#!-(HA3!!!@FCZ
M=

M[3S*;;- 2+8DK#F!1!?9_CV TK&X(YJ'38L3A&!3+%=5.0T]/V BM8( D+


M/E':L]=[2*[


M%38:2:!VYB
HF5V!_
^ GN(!!XB; ^!H(C)@PU$ @,1L9T'@1(F#S8058?

)M
P3!78O3L]B4!<3RIF
M^PYDZO2D 4WN287UK(!4G9Z$(.Y$ NM9(:G:_@1 *F3\26$]JPE' FOE?NK1





M:9ILTB95G;9=NPE)K-HF Y)T;S_ KNL :WL3&_+]A__ 









HB<%)%P%2TVK:I%:*.FW[[< EH-J8V4YH





8JT(







MU6J_]C_![2



8\8DX@!$E@_

MQB5)S!C05@O2:H&LEK#@MB05R(_'+2(51
@+F?YCXB T!0Q21$CHAGP7SH
M
7+
D0C):9J$I$FP)W.6!+'(2



,^'Y(#ET2,'A
&!HEQPHFM1XS2;406CE:/=
K]G]2&O&N]%
M&[N]=#O&7FNCK




OQ
M&_MG5[PIYIDIOA;5[W*K#XMX&D=;OF/'2C^)\Q?N\KCR%?_C9]X9> V$[/'
M1E3*_4:;H]*B]BPFE9J]=L^R






M



6';]9C?1HO6]=-(W]
(D!SRVSM]G9
Q%O



]^*'4#^/CT5UYUVB;)-

OF
MK[


VF+S=

J'CN(F,E@ +.H4 ?J;7X8\F'?(!@E
MIA)A/2% 4$+?$ (+ 0DFE CW+T$-K)4HU-(%N@901F$C6 Q(9%.CR$K;$
PH

M$D.!Q(0F\X=U@4YP12W,K7Q?2V41B%](E@0: V3H'J)D C
@;I&V(L*PS(
M2FCRU%@.V 2/P' #
QN/P/3I/]R.44B?B.$'@HT_8/K@UXB
0?I$L)@P9 Q
MFXHE@$TP!@QW+;
Q!DP?^=IVC$'Z1'#O
QM/P/1AKQ$9@_2)8 5AR P8_ 3#





M[:14H@KGWU49'42\O=RD8J?JRZBZ+MI#SO9&R6-W@.M=3I%7_P!02P
$%

M4NP'P^(YXW.&
WN9'77Q4NZ4JIRW+


:F2CH


\
N9.$%HF 7



8LJ7M3A:F'WGMK50IYU6=3B


M)O5+9CF+F:
&@*6$X9ECEX%R


-'A($.9Z[EXO]YDP@V/40 IMQE(CX38G/NBF!W1+X]
MLMC[C%/;%LQO80['O(-SX6(Y?(-S62S]# GH9\4V
Q=FD8\
^=_B=[IFCR



MU-0! B .&EJU?I[9OIW(


MX]8'AHC5[*,!=7%E16LKHV3YO@UFOK3G9P7G]U_VB3U\GLJ60%KW]61U5N

MM;;LAQ%
QC!W !H#T!0 \3\#PC$@7 0$ YE-]0-5-


ML-L@=!J$U@#?&$2+- 9-;#6MU1!
$@ 7N3AD('D3C[8B8,=./$9]!$LWE
M2# $YRU#&-
^$L#;AZD81?-LW^F= .ZPPCNW#WS[H!2C:/X#7#
%LRO/
MO$%?J3A7K?3V7.G;T]YQ)\X5TY;@07.7^MF;&C4[*5
ENBZ&NW]H*-Z-[UHP
M/:[Y'U!+ P04     20TY.D

M='



0];C %BC53$K'GY[4'6KJQ/'Z
MG?VS
:_
[(F +:._RX


M)R))EG+6.KP[K8;H/P5ZQJJ9N0Z:WIEWRJU0T4L6(Y1Z%TW48S8=)AAAK@A/

MYC,_3*[7(2JYS$(F=29Y


$%     @ DD-.3F9-T!P$
<
M5C7.
TW
MZ.M)



5*L2EUO:GC*+#



M=K?1HNFG%AE&9_X?4$L#!!0    ( ))#3DZZBRE=I0(  





Y.M^X8=&$2O93AD*JE\7MF%E


M)*-JN)B8D%$M(!X\E (1E D
($
Y!@]G@I4 C[(WR@& #(K0;(E$V(F3 K



Q^7;<V*YP!!'
MF9  _'&%.XB04.(^_BI1NX\IB


I?*[]0ABNEPJU4X+U[EK5\MDK_1C
3


MARQ#LXG F&



M'%]J)F[#P6D_AE]\
08FYZD8SW(\?


$%     @ DD-.3B.[
EJ$7CAS3HTC@UFV&+C L [A*.]=
M*!+ &90S_ B
\CX[@D4EXVM[K)1'1#GS2@:\=^#T'\: *+2;4F+*M@NNR


MH[I@7!2RD/DCE&AI882VX$9*KF^9*4C_%$$K%+@W-)$!77L9$; Q
K36 :%U
MJ)$ BQCY0B)P$V\DH 4/,%#'058S:(8P(V&C#!NL,7ZE&C9 RQ[H3^R^X 6
M+/!O[RF@I0:HP]2PIP!K(
@Q(6YBNM3HL4&+%!/053)R;#YN9#%=2!?A8
M1?04/C A(E.0/A%:^( Z42$B6- 0D2E(GP@M=T =I5 ;)7@6('?+55Q+R;F8

Q==K';#\P
TT]Y@?:F&ZG8$?G?33N0_TFJ7E;7U+*2:

M     20TY. 61


M
BYX;6R-F=UNXS80A5_%\+U7X@RIG\ QD%@H6J %%ENTO59L)C;6LEQ)2;9O

M/_:?[T/\CV:X 0T-Z-) 1:
^J2-WI=O8WW<U^LOO_M=-3MW??5I$VR^MS1H'L\:NM*HBR)HHU^Z
M(-3%(XGF=-O!6BJ8;R69E0:)\%PG-RWYYMQ1CB A@%T'T#?!(B=B3IKHEYS
M[#4+
C%'SG1+.+$D65 II(X#''6!F9MP+ 3'" 2(P[-09]EECKA*-5*PB




M$H0)231AU0RB&^Z36Z9 Y%DSA$E+@+1BS9!$Z$*S


YDD
MDTWH

T)G$-(I#%:6@\^6!2TA2+2)* 8


ADFZ@Q&/44FZ@E\&2A3!%E2.2M)L][2CU]@](8

7&-)*[W
M99_!J#3 !QKVA


M5@0IV:IJI5:*MNKVV2%.0&LPM9VP_?O:AJ79


MJ!FN[(EQ;IE



M A(DDPCB!/]W1P&A+ 3 CHA@,P4)DA!@G2YS!5(L%H@$\D
\FP!IVL 9DK

M+A




7A:#(3
O0)P


&   9



'

M0
MKVCH




!#]*XCO*SZ#;:B22&NF
M:9




M1M%($09D@H24X9(8*HDADD8O\H%-=J+ 09#QT=P)&$05P01P5Q1-!
V0B4
%N3XY
! \:VILB




.L6@P98?@8$]L8W,\K:7
M02 9*V*%D_$ :QM!#0DW.1YLA.^/(1L;$E$X$1^LI]_$^\-:10@FH !;0CH
MB  ;F;88UF*-E
 (%!P!]3._RLC2@KE5/1LTN?XXJ(1;
M2JBQ8%;<SM=TNIC;8DW,@\T3H@C6BA'LN0BH6V:+H(FT:Q<?!
V%C2Q6!
M$#,%8;LX ;7L)+Z-&TL-X1[3 !)H2F)V$





$



MBH') AA%N@&=FCR 850*4\W#:!9&

M A\K0@R'/RLZBN_F4YDJ8T%T870;:9 M(TX'#%)8XEET7V
56LF.D6%N




+Y4+3/9=-%3Z[W
R_)'=WWO)S&741YD3\U





MJ\K]I#J0;9=UG&87K57KO#O;K_W^QW:UUNW9M[EA\2QZZSQ9S-4!PQT

M%(:[F!L*(US


+K';'L
%XKKV)N#
M.P)GXE2HF(Y(TA')
+N97=QP*B3*_TF8AD$1,D
4;1\2@Z'A7$H[Q%LU#!

D


I 6]D6+M.;ROL71







R(WS0G0D?\B0&10-8: @6*E#F#&A&<'!+ P&?*0QX*<








VF$J
&YK_OA@4#

0&(:.
8*
0.DH)



1N$

M?WU)ANOSB]5L1O(



M:0.1JY#+550F=9=G)

M
\7Y@$#976@)Z/H(J-]E(I(!I4.IX@!051GD3: A*D3$SR!S-MC0PL123:

M2E+-WSM0/]4TU@Q-$1&KF*M'5(F
OH


.
MI/_7R%I&LMR



M&
62L)$XV812N'&;/
&&:QBB]!)5_I#OL(4=:G^_ (*ND1XY]!_&.AEE60

3.X:FK
1+4(U7'@@ RG%?


M+GAM;'U5T6Z;



:8G3_5W]BZO=U'*DBNT$

 /I27&_V5-
LE:+S

&$(P(8]3$%7$N1

M


/T!N-?2/8/4$L#!!0
M   ( ))#3DX%P!.;_ (  -

M+GAM;(V6;6^;

!)NF\_VQ!*



PV#']_FIE

!

K\S
3+3#S
%LZZUY!)
M'$P0 !:TJZ($Q+'%[%'!A _,O4B4P\RLYI$^8.0&JMF
Q5(4(!MI!=%8PA



F:#


 -P*BL95A;-9YER]F37T)FO'QGO)^

M]P0K&\'8/61M0R3'13#8)QOBV5U\@A-PF( /?A= F$,%,*D1J\((XUF$2;#
MQ2:PV,1.D,1&L2-&#)AJ?*I2^X7^PTP
@G 1 PF83%1P3U
*61* 9
QD98(

W[MQ]P5*V&Q$B1(C&*E-2QIZAF5#!)E@
B8EJO
(N(D\31&%M%
M#+A2TRMBB\P[JXC#E@C@DB87 F5&\P@D#VL82;' R?0Y5X(!3RF$B80(3?#
MDSRYB+3$0:(3% $'/P8

CP(6$M31PVT5\3QO;%0%^)4RY3*#DEHKX!$.P

W=9V-X(\!QAJ2NUROJ#B!B592-'RW55
MA7V



M.4
J-\F8O5\BJ6_#Q+#



5^*\
MM)G]

'AQ/S 
2M(PA

M]N@^:(\'W?9/#Q7?*7

$%     @ DD-.



TG$33-2)3)Q8+!*I#(!FD60+(+H&G!@!&J&*85@*!43

MN4N24'&62@^.Q^B P)$N#A ]+#BX/%C&I.*^_J$]#Q@!E+I #
RABJ$O$_9'R&3LXF5Q\V!



F3-CF$D'RMYX18BPWMNFXSN[$J+?.@XO


MBY_;%K
_.6GHL+

\NA;DG':]I9C!QW
M]I.W+3Q7.6C$SYH



M$ 49'U
!@$+/OW

W'2-FD3U]
SI_U-;/DR


MW*HL*3_D![77_ZSS(DLJ_5ALPO)0J&35D+(TQ%'$PBS9[8/IN&E;%--Q?JS2








M=$0X1028VPB($;)S)D%-( ('&%:R B2/JXEG:@$6
22W=G& @3ML
D*9 1
M#&0$(W_3&

M+M08!.VPR2I #2 B&!^A6D@(MC^B#A,\LT97I'!_4%1 G;49(42 @!$D(B
M?\\$2 BQOR*VYPXT^&11P0FPG2! DHB=)










MYZ_&^%IF?F 2 @J%

Y'PQ.GO


MFV#O)-A;@OT'@OVFR D36TQG

V$(5?1= #K
2KI
 VD
0H

M^%X65;L

P9=Y^J4^FLI_LZJ;
.WO8[*/VU)A\.PPJBXC'L8[*


EP(0)Z%4

 $@:0

M-
.^

A
*5

' !JG#[

2(

1(3(Q$Q[K86B:C]@\182;#&9.[EFT37EX]+15X^B?&3
M +^
:.X2LR7G_
8C?N2!)29SFP 0*::)/!A B0 DVKO$:


E9^S

33:A\;&(%8AC9'0


MRR.6U?]02P

MFXF-E2U74N+MOZ\D*UYKYE#9O





M4B]:G$5T+;HH@B;\I0Y=2Q(%*=A!4NIT'HH64E)8H:2!RDQ28J-:M@9N@N@
M!YVA0AS!P BFBV&$13KSK





DR7
(8)8I@[(8!7M+LC'9C]








M;KZ7YXNZ\T-='/M+R.!R$SK_'U!+ P04     20TY.W

  #.P



@'SYO5^I3

M^X@XOH04/F1.81$Q&&AL[.G$/ILG





MI+@)N10+]V1
/U+N%G715]P2 C!N!4$TUTXD? -@Z KP2MZB;N;V74AQ$W(I

8E[O4
\;GN*)D--P_J]&1A%L.''5NK18+([#J4/

:KL=%S792

F

M2+FH:J566FVU[;-#G( 6




MR'X*B0

M03.?)@$#3CY01

F$
2Q


WD@*C&3!Z'
MN:CA-H3CQ0[W&/0M

Y



BYX;6R55E&.FS 4O KB

[BW=RIZQ5SWX=MS8KE9$



M/J92)(FG#46;]]63?2F0&M/F7G0D\8[
M\TQU*]3L-45N@!+GJIDZT'
+P@
0OD=LIPC/ZR&.4M#+P* 

M!L\P^ 



D4H]89AP= Q1&:$0/'

ZD.
M!.:S?6)
4D7H/JF=EZF37#\HZ$GJVU#=\_8XTPXDJ[NCFM.?%]/_4$L#!!0
M   ( ))#3D[:M







MCF1.6TZJZP./)R0I&5:X25$K^7VP,1+F@(9HY
5D-
!C1 Q%-#F&!%OF




M#*$N\+$:

%+M9@^DR6
MBS6Q195A? 4(B+3DJL$@&P2R8YZ]#$;0%#A9@PDT64[63#O9I&187,1('L
SW*Q/C:H8$Z0BIT3CT'V&3N*HS'/H'^LQ@3[+Q_II

'ZAP



9ASB@PKR6)B0B1
M++#Q&2$2&:9X;,L/339=IB8N!'!O!'W/BTQ(2&2!9Z8F)00R2Q7?)9-#DTL
M8^.E#-XP=!28EY7$Y(5(E9AB)C!$*L\4GV0V-31)S;&:Q=7G /I/9OQ1[9Y7
MV_WLOFG;9K/L@_]/3=/6W7[B4]?AE[IZO-Q8UT]M_V-_[71W_$#$\4;;OZ/


!1%?P7Q 8./N8](I&:JJI5:*9JJ



270*
MZD7_[Q!)HH5LP$*&81ZOI=4'/*! 'P\8X!&%\)&((2J(EE86CS)@69YE#%%!
MM'!4 

&ULE9==
M;YLP%(;_N(^Q0;S52612MT29M4==IV31
G007
P$FZ?S_;$ KV(=EN ICG
M'+\^
:_MY84U;^V14FZ]ET75KNPCY_6CX[3;(RVS]H'5M!)O]JPI



SII1W=




M6+@HF)F3$:@U@K1J=4LBH+I^8
P($\-^2#0J!2CDH9D9$8.B8TBT-O.2V.PG
MB$F@:3:I18A?4Z85!B'L&*,8)-#D&9?=SED=.03C^CS&,2,+S0%L.DG.A4^
MX\[8=*UXQGLQ:+Y/V/T/W\*P=V+3/ 'GZJGQB(U9C +#^NE Z!PQ@0P;-:8



MSNK^T.(
)Z?U7U!+ P04     20TY.'8 XHC$%   V'   &0   'AL+W=O


<CY2X.E?U]V9O;;OX41;'

MUZO^V6.]7E6O;7$XVL=ZT;R695[_N[%%=;Y;LN7[@Z^'EWW;/8C6JU/^8O^T



4][8AZKX


#\;.!O-I C@VDUR :NM+G

Q;K5?3661I%FT'$



MH 0
C

9M#@OPGGX 80R&OX$7W


'*TZR1TX0!ERDU!



K!W%AAO N+-KU]!N14J7XPM
M =]A?98(@*U4D& *IDN5_. ,-P$A!OA7B3]:-^ *)@64E

M=%IB:DE +0(3:!%@(Y$4L#GS4D9IN$&S
?)A)@R]6#]G$2T/EUDR'=E;J1

-0FYYF-$ F(9J?UHT(MGJ*(PU22D&JEPJS
M$B



'8]</!*O%*3^H?U7WY?3<F*?@ZF575*INUU[


M0:'O3:O_1[VJTL![)F:.K2[;X=?;GMM.5Y
70Z7*?XS7HAZNE\G_FQEM )
!
M7 UX]%L#
1F(7P;RMP9R

V

P1WICD&R.^G(
US3I&TSP(DQE@;41&






:7DXT^ZU[I0AR3Z8C3^J?'=]*-6^ZV]C

'P?&ATZ?I@\?P?7KR^I_4$L#!!0    ( ))#3DZK+WJHO@(  .$*   9







M)E8&R(KB#H!2CX5Q%80CQ4D5I
%:16D(X58O 8P7$LA8068%V5C!Q HF
HWJ/<X0B/ V.VLIBQ:*7(BXT!*$

M;8W;]
)
]58K@
5X@-T/
93@! W !P!$)
N2BY.)X1PQE&-O9R_P(!@9U-@)

W5%4CA.!L?)AG&2W@)99L!
 X6[&7(DA@H


F6F'?9

#7
R367;ZS^3-N$ MMJL_]*




MES7&SY*&VQE!_1P\Z%4$-RL*7DD:[B $MM DZ6D/A6#23N_)7U!^
5-56 F[

FJ8K3G:F*

M?17$ P^8&41)I
9M5*K33:JMW?3.(D: &GX$RV;U]NDPWV\2KY
P'/^6[^


WO'W^]/YE

;:J




Y:-XHECX2)X
MY2(
!7)-#%Z['^ , 0O$ 2N$9E)M1
;B1RH1@81.H;(LSPEYXB!V32\6







MB;(&;EE9\ [AM%1DQH?
^+08/JULTS'=NS/*


^PO4.:H)&_*YQ

M*-4 BC6H'4 !C(QDBB4J\.#*R'@)BJ'WAN/(ZCBR.8X
QP


--M]=7F6$V_D#L7+?<.5 A
MF[1NI2=*!98FO0=YM94<Q].&X)-0RT2NV33AHV@W3AOP33T\_]02P
$%


M387\[(YAWW:






-0-1
PC5JNAUYH+$


AO=


6!

M&2/6/B*.X2IB4(W8QL=C-2;Z2
 










0LD6N0W
MFOFEA+D

0.L)QTRC&@H8K
M'%.
!25+' ]5[Q@.$^[HY'B'('B$2P-S0=D:QQ@


#T7TB-BA@;F@8DW4P%PP]+J8AXUP9IB(
MU$$@P_0P2(]+ W/!5H4K1[I:%J_8S'$2.IYIAN%A
& E#@W
!5L3L1CF@BT*
:D5JS
MFMUK.G$.&L!9<#HS;S^<.D/BJI:Y2<I@ZOBCQ][<=7U]^:HE/%^E$75+/VC
M


H*/-3Y:\6_=A+
IAU]6S$(V2)XZR*-1NO!*9&-XN@#7_+ 5B.





MF




.PD8MP6

+X'/WB







M:7C/1.?8R*H;/H/-N5.R-E$TE;K\
7X?F^'[8N)_#L

P/8
MSP%#-:.1V3#57TI5KA:MO 3M^&^=REX4Y)GI8F[ZAT/MAM_T;#O]]&-%:
P7

8!. S

K$*.8+2 =2
E:))TT*TZ0H36JE&4'))$U:V5/



+$H!\


KM]:82.]5?9OJZ






*2LU_53I7S



'I-6;U'(-TI$.XQ!LNL0+Q=238KQ![%6*K
MD%PKD)N$O:#8;Y-X;1*?0G)CTX
]4

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#$P.YX;6R5FFUS
MVD80Q[\*P_L&[3WCL3T3BR;M3#N32:;M:\66;2: *
AV^NTK@4+0[G\!O3$@

M:K




RE)KB_Y54K(

V *@7GL


FPP
M91BOF3#9)D[73(ZMM6R=YT!EIE[A
FP)V&-)VX-B7:B5-NC529E*:*-7!;

@
2DRD;V'&$H*LU18


!B/!
I
MB+6ERML8N-E219E/VGACLAHW #,&X\Y(W(D=U*!8T8JU)E4F&:U'&)Q&AHIB
M!S4RNO/$CQ@Y4#DMN#8P 826)R*HHCK&Z_/Q+E(RER699I%F*X&TE7 (8%-
4\</H8['U/$74<<#HGA^D (B[L0G)7US
7+\D#R1
MQR#P

49NKU0E
LI.Z3&=/*03/_=[@)XH
MC ;9;&ZQE&@'_H#I%=E 13P'0*0^@4


 Y)'45


7?BD


M*4F:V&!$* UD[:LR_C(0R RI;U


$%


K




30
M(* &@32


2Q7\$IPR$@11WK

GN'BS5=]7


& @ J1FJZJ56BG:JNVS




M1F\%/QL8Y&+NF4Z.G+^:X
_HPTB<OY
MP_V3[5WW<J02GCG[U9Q57?J9[YWA0F],O?#A,TS])+XW-?\5[LTW%2B&2?.


.I<EDW_7



@2*2=&A
M5(

M+N .@['%LXTJ*0OE1 R[ &BB;/@QL6TM%YLHF_#

WFJJ$





3$R+GAM;&U3VV[;


M ^'A08G/46EAXXJJP3HM)Q8O1;+7M'
5]S'=W&=3V'H G0+H'$!3+2E15/Z1


_IWM5QOK\9/3?-\


M-__=5
OZ]6H

M-M7#U?@-7

M'&J0.H
TU*#H#(JA!F .




M#38.R6+D


[+G%1QXJ4%@)X%\#Q2]#8@T



M5A 4.8*T)$8%0%$\/Z9)[%2GW4!NB$@&!1%]XCB3-+3-F9R\X+6J-H^[US*W

=W!9W^=.J_E:^?RZ#=%TTNW^:_%<K *\64FXQTVYVK9_


'_




M2\


P)3H3^!1JS
M;:&#P0S9MDES[2F

;@Q
M@10:&?R00/JT?BSZ^*B:

M$T6!&A1SMJ=1I)3IO4^I?LX!G=':FCB.#%!EWEMA
%$*2F&E!$4T$)U*#L

'(
EGH8UQC#Q H8UQB$# =)YWAIQ)HICB
MK _24\=1Y'AH843$07V0$X@  E.A#;&,1)!WVLAT@$G8[TF&$X$6*=RN#
MA;


'36

M:&

MC#8@H8]IB#:@=)8/R_4J_DYWS@(S-!2K PX8BE:D(1(8A!@&027$P C
8
;H
M R



<
MPSKIT#GKL$X[=
X[K!
/G3
/Z]1#Y]S#.OF LS]856_=#LZR


&2QXYY,OC.8@XKX8)B)BX57OM+
M#C





MHF'A^9WHVX8X5$HD_8A@
OO
 )#]] !#)=M(&-*.%LL IA#[]RU)IMRL\V






=A\#^3X/U!+ P04


M


O.D^;QVSCU

M)$H-[YCH-;:R;/M/;WMNE:R
%TVERO\
SZ+NGQ?C_]D
-R#&@%P-@-\TH
:
M_C=@-PV8




M1IA9A%-GF22


MOT&-=YRRV(X=@F));!U#AJ BSF?R$W#5!$PV'04PJ

J1'/H



-NG'4





VVS-9IV3:LJ[L4'CK-[Q^2=6U4NAOY_3U0ZM4FGW^)
MX8VD2

X8C:%#&M..1WF&.Q[
M*R3;($'QGN!6 L=-@=/5'D;I\;OR(9FG__$[$ _+M'A



:X0H@^!3I'3 +Z!MHO2XG
6E_RE:W17;_

MNP5



M'!\B.?=')#F/6VYL+TWB\H7Z8:$MH:KJ23!N_%'4+#@GXH\F56.Z!7*1W@


AUX1-


CKM8

MD\7/VY($_AI+13;!9R#%4U# V0)R7S#S QD#UR3+:P*Y/?Q$4?6;H@ Z(OI:
M.B

M? 

MYK9]VH36=6NQYK4TVQDJJOA]DBW7NR62!6E$S


9LKIT


)G4:?W@;=C3
I784G3I\KV6





M[=PDZYI))=R_PUYI6X87JWTU]G@DQ_EUX]EL]U.DO\SIPHDP%#.:R^63KP^/


)=-O^2DORYV

M5?GU

M 

7P6Y(2_& W^6/:B;PE?/7,*ZJ7
M)@B[H(^4E0UD)3!Y@$^_P* W*5SPO6[7MU]?O4





M$]&/))]_W61%*:G.T
TIA;6\3T&

;9$DR+:+-.'I
81;04R+?




S;JQWC



MWI 7L5'$
7LP0I#?R1@I*@=PYF[3[ZP]B#]A9O=[;SXHZEOR1 ?JGL
MPVN]JEG6A]?@0YF^=/) YJN

M@HD3JY*%N^;-W
W)9J*#:*QF8W?2S4#GL]

M^G/N@/F?)KK8O+@OVFN]4?!59Y:K[I




M**QWNRJTLC


M?5NFV!)*'C[;RJ;&Q=&MY+;%_CTV

MPRKXW

60@L38CY*

!EGK


MM8_:1([.\4L)WWH=U:)17D63
XFY_$E5@$':C


M)59[@_^4H M%B88


J
+G/B1#R$ZUBYK%#$M2F6'-_D*@ \N15UN4N(8
+3)Y57[C%

/R9(#O

/.KT7ZD.T:&+LF_71H=G3PB4A@6X@RUTQ7G(.J@X&6




M[%6&KU \14DTU;WG-5)_H0\QYL7L2T_'OH\Q$]EWC5DG]Z(9IAC*)$];JP

MR'?#WB
@BFQ5&SU*D*N4G
$G*S[S0D^6/3

M&Y=TMG

MH


MQIK'4-IA8  *
QCUB=]G)9.[LF#M5VC-%OF_E&E4TVS^()ZVDO]JU'#KI)
M$0=M4%PHSQSUV(.65&*L*UOFGN8F63U%K=YSU;E%\4#+%
46E'Z? SG$P8.9




%9Z3&D-:U%

M.QV8J#(\.F+0;+02

MHI9W*- 0_2HR)GUM8?Z]EN-AAARH-#ZNR40TKDI\B]X92D#J''#=@!!TS(


MGGL.(FRNC7F9A



M*AH
=&XH[KJ!DWKP2_\<1
@%?W6')_N=U2S2&5 ^2AV]TM:7_'F$
NV
M 9
Y-\

MT#60&GW/]Q[*7G#*ETGF0#%9U70 



@


MJ8SO44ER)!I&.3 C4H@PH&U;V#E0I%A]T
%9U9'30NMKT2)/F0OK1)KGT8FN

;$)M0*#V+1(
M5RBQY0&71=4$TWB8P2)76)L%HJL4%?&



F


UB%N-8VA -

3M4



MH)ENTC!+
5F )34*M%L
MWF#A7'VK]!8-A,6&TID)<@3X4+HF*SU1['*9K&S$QSPIJYU8W=]4]ETIR/(





M*9:*2(NRUSA*F1@%)=1/@?
F_J@
2.2<[ZEZPWOY,Q;6051*.'#,R0W&V07I31BT<U]]9WFBHN!]TMUX

MU+/$C'%2L3=

 Z;A653 (1HO


M



M3
7$IZ86%VZX3F_S3::LVDWWQJ2%^9F LT769F+H0R-];CV*#Q[5$FKFS0T
M15)W\#J\5G(U.6D_4UJ&FWM.5;[/'97?C'R+K$LK%T+Y^Q97J4C)^VKMFV\

MCSWB$@0QB
-OL

W-3



M.#YY*(R93RQHKKM6FZ


53_

MEO;1#2
@%\TWR39E9=SM*;=
5/XDBS94*U[+[EE[?2UWM^#%4K2F%(9]4W

4^&JGYOHM;+SO&
ME=+[TF^ S:N0)
RMQ(4ESJIB-H=41O*;-3G#VJR6% P3V#LE% ;OPN!1%HTD

-$ZIWF)$'6Z%DU-YM%ERB):N$X;6J.]^5ARX(*QR$0
M=GL)Q&@ASB@+S8$9R0J:E$MDL#%T^ONO3/U*(J
/#X\X
A;;*FQ0$P
*O0D
M,')\!-P'HNE09F-ZFTF00^BHO4F?\Y8H80DF[3A\DJMTA8!!L?G_]+
2+IN


M+L+U\?:!_'/Y(X.U6(NH36HF][]-B$::EHS@;'U
+VDU!:4!P: 1_P(Z$OPO

M38
!N4\8#PA'/X-[:;6]*2@V*KC9X* GZ$/$KP44.T//[7J+;(*':#A@J69K
M4@5Y_$A^#4[=+(A.%&






LD V/\+MG61'
1X@1=F=U))-S_(H-;<3=%6=D@I@

4J6:A.

M&E3.R7
N]H!)C/0^R1@4LO$4AYHI

+W3LL#&JR_2EP8#S[T
M


A:7K ^FY118


M
5\+U&N'C]4@(P5-D11&-P\;(2)4


M/F+)ML92&^9I74B)C





.J%.WT[$R^*Q%@A+.VB7


MDL#

LGOG3ZZ\K






M\#S1Y$J+5BHLI5\\K55RRA9$LR-J0+FP7@C[06ZSG5L]]PIO'F4!X1UGD+
3Y/RHRK


M
M_O3MYL]_^K;








HQ4'M[R7*J 0W(X6*R^

MY
U1I!R@V\ZLTZ
W


M94N'^+B@?U=PA[WY23F_NT


M R4PLGL)SI2)8Y:8


_++8G=



'&1HV

;[2&89OD2HV6Q*I065)BQQ=
MB@M5

2D7PK*P2N7





MZOIH#%_-\





0_@C
8#/_.Y[C#.J

(W[\'T?-:^+)C .Q.^@EVC1



MH$



MM)QY1-=ZJ16QW6*'Y(@8!&%5-AN*1*#WB!X9NKZS]6.^(LLYGN$ ]X]$55YC

M3D!M8J;W*@3/M[([HB^;I0O83
A$-!*WK@55*0ZWIM]A&YS3)-9.ZZP$2]BL
M





;.:SQ7]! OGUGO \D:N8LV-<W8B
M4:.[J

A?YA
!O%X



55H]Q BI;1


O\=//) !3-\P\T9K*B&DAE2!17;
#;2ND;MV57+^ W*(\Q?


P:2I Z*VH/(?]015/E!&=U85UNG,I,+:R
M/T2-DDYV__O@+_[-MR#9OD$+^G3;O^^JVU?[J'B6GN%OS5S
12Q;T)'O7@X


M)OMS[_=;VZ0.;#4C0##@:L5+/

_Q($RVW3A!!KE
M9TV
J4[(ISIPVNKP4Y6









_84@


GW6-:Z





W18




+USQI#V'


#7K1<$8)ASL]8%'12=$?Q+U9/YJ2I]*K\PA





IZ?!BR$*@-?Z HZ
+G*@V
MBH8NIVY53H=SO&C^[4.^5M:&W]Q2I!6S7HI

;
)BB8T7

M-LC'; H_#:X]2?J&7HSYZ.C




MCG;:)QWR1=4C5Y';?0J*E-D!K<  UE?'23&R?#.0E]':X:@%+_6RBH[P*M_
GT4G5U=G=4-VB-!0A64X
#,<V&Z0WP@RHU$WGDTQAF8R!3FK.U'3


+Q=#\= ^$
ADPLDRG]V8)VU!_!
M\H&\4$L=&


7DU@VDW[HXG:)'UU6U-4^'Z'0V[0 U3\SZH.?VI;1 #'(^&
MF.*#0E3+JAU-)J(#&T[_3XA^N.3?%$83O 'V93^;IEY8X&7=O[D1V;'V-O







M3J9M(O=41ZGRG8



6'HVJ%FW[/FLJL\RSVESQ)



MN9?MRS


*+2+*
MU



VW&A-IZHZ@K2\7DU'!J9
MW*.P&+'0A=N]Z@4)V@2/TZ;:T.-=:RH+Y
HZ=(H*0VM[\#CTAGBUCR0TYI-5


M &U
Z@4!R9A?1U9Q/WQ+.J3=_P23]'6)XD81'N,%H26!_UI-!B3_YER2\4


M=;DM&'



'GY\:?SBQ^BD\O+DXL?FJM9$*#'07%8
)D[6PU;FDI3DT@A.,==QO=L:L2!:[*_
MT?KH$463).]3*IL0O6.Y'/CC G@9:628P_4:+@%<'VS6MCKHC+G50322 4RF
M_\0I=37J[XTTJ$
?#3# +AVGZV\$CFU9T#LGJU-DX+17:OC&/WSKGC1.^:K


M.


Q^9WKDC _#[RO[*L<2-@3O-YJ%P#FZW)G&#UFK7B6^NKURLZ&B3WZ;4@DLF
M#'['=619PZ7_C.A


MS!



M^+/JH -$)*Y^

E&<152PKG-O?UP'V)9!H9\CQ!3$1L1ZI]G;J[

T1&6O(7ES8WE74FZ@QS+U^] 9H8)Z_CAY6


MATPJ !0GP:EZMH



M
QX%D3)MQ5$%[)
G;YC]A<$]R6TJ


M]SJ:A-&3T$MC?X*UW3X@?59
_'9-R
_W'MT[H5I8N[7K-W9CGYYS-\T3&P
MFC C6@

KI


4BPLNC8BF4I+O2CW$


QY0H6.[.K8B1PRDK9TE(-X'UY\9H& S1R3L8?CF'% %-?.]P'??*]Z

FWY^_^7BI%6SY
M TF*?.I5!C_9WJ)QJ^^1J$1








M_OH9[YVK? Y2*TA;)VO4.@?? [](8M((X.3.
_D27J%WD^@#?#/J?K_:9 ]4

#M


M1(TL M?DS9L?3_@LWZ-(3;ZQ@X_L#P6HH5AZ%L6_M
BKK;DC'4M8B''1L6=B


MGT'3P 91UF.]
R_(
*90AFR8?.8)HP 

MRL!L3

M!C++-/:+V#U*YC@)4&3(*Z*U-GL%W2.
K62





@QLHWMY3F_%10.T[@



MK


.%3[K=; ^
MTML

Y-T#@;+0AD;?FS8YGYG@.TRW740^H

M$LFH
S %9IKL0\$JS)UJ*9LEQ_LTD!/^6V.TDB+1Z:F[=H@&^( ';9$=:%
MI;?EGW[0$(NI(9$A-Q[SX\*NMQA%+*:X'\@N]Z9J@X'CXF5+GE&Z);W.D!
M?;+;;]OT[]I63F;ENX(4#'F4I'5%K%6:S2VTQ+-06QRO!;D'$B=6YA0ZB4
M$SFC
12XE+
 NDB.!X6Z]DXP0[*KY EO %B#U)5X#

+0MR.

M.PFI=&K4=V&])!V7K!%K9197U#2 (^Z9U!\'#+=AK%;3$27+.S&A64JHKV.O

M.XF
(R2; YW@=
@(








MKH

M_N8@?P(K4M





DSV##5
M


M]!2'$4D5^HHQB!)
L6M))]G?=V







M24!7K77:'DW'Y)H?QKW^P+[

M[(S (OJ0!I@5
MA@SLV*ETO;![!*I-K^\WZ]P4G6HG)3IZ?5NGL;G4(4'2V+!F65?7$'+M&(L?





D%:\PIQA^TY#1Q9UNQ0+G!B*M%V]7XWO#TL_%FFUFZV.W@: 59#Z]&YKH

M3W@&E^F3@9X.EYK(D H0I85U'*6_)/?.0'+SW'2.EXZM.)0N@C'5B*0&50&'





%?MPLICK'?:E@=



!ESE'1V0P3RCFB+ML^&FW;T:D/5]AJ!P)(]L?0E-

T_*0ISYA
/I7G4X0+E#LE//7+OZ8U#KC)Q
MEY@G!4Y[F0'A8$ _5F6]+PX-3 )DW'1H=G3P-5^;*'.CY:3Q51T,M/SE&O4

GX_W&+&TPFJW



!:



M0ARTP7'X-'-TP#UK246MZ85;YI[F)AE06I1[N0-Q
\EN3D31\YH&[[*]].:$
MI(

M=

VR3 A[9[SXFFW&!A4VB18:$Z^ M?*S[NVZ^'O$AQ0SZX


ML4 ]@$PP:






@
M0




9!P^1!2W;
F:.


GJ^O+L^OSR[,/9Q^OHU[./9V_/KQO@!&\$,O!75Z_ #([8
A]

MO%AE#^1EH(YZJ*&QS&A8'%]F&:L%5=X8'F

VKU36KG NHT




M^(6D?&X T_I]X%[^&=!K
PK4#8$50=

I#UF-^6#!*+)5W.1T_$S'7F-QMH7
MX]K(M';07.4V0_
1=W1+TB,D07-@9$MQQI)$
[ =TS/\LW;-AH.7%T6WRR
MKEKHX(0M7WC6O+E5:=538&R^76;%5@R&:&P@3BMI/


M&$XHNG82)R/T
R7QN)_RS^'4%S


M=(LN&LS@&L7C%
-(X1?T2!U-T*(TGOJI$R3#4=*/AR/&T.K'@\'40$3ISRL3

M+B:#
_&\[C&8K5?WV,]ALI7KURS_XNY@-9JT-5PEU,14)Y)_*4/^.IOW[



X3 CS.)O$HP'&N2M1



4$BDVR\-#H:R[@W
2LPUJ


M?3*.^V-&%HT'='SIEW$+WV_R_^ LU!]#

MK

FI-0%'SKABV U1UI4S2A
TMDF\



?'T_D



8@:\NG%MTW5K9/3
G
M327-OX'(M\+H_MW\3F?Q@-5N5L$8@KF1A()^'FW1Q-A3_
L3O
)PSQIHH8S=


A\ZOEUL6N:CN*

MP63='3+\T4;K%*Q;8QZ&G84'&DXOUG+ 0GKB9



X-P2




-QXH36V2+7
D*UR\J

M#TIXHORVOB^VSFDI*#_'J[+\PCD0S&M@Y+,H'SL[&4#.2A7AVRA[.HMM]4





*_Y'K_#9TXQ WGC
M8FK1U;J%C2?WX8'6\?71^$#[0]3H4M3-+G-8A)RA&/ U/S'&4E2XPSX^S/]B




M71.'!F3&M5TRDLBVMX;\^&[@-:

5Q:Q^A\NQ:_ REP!HIF:U/L'G%(FZZT0#
MS\52DUH:&@TN'5R%?
 -;J1;_R

O6!^EA&P?;PFQXT
M9V:)* 3;/;

M

7#9!S ]A71%'K@IYYM$CQ*G65:GXD)SZ[J#I0E%J!U6='^
M8E[AG%V'IK$[.$\8'/HH87;/=;_8F_H]-AXE=#?Q[X/HZ$9_3Z.C^6NYT)[_
M9-UWV2D




5




^=9DV$/44DW.=GB'=URK-GV@<1?'
MWNKRQ/4;9H*P!0.9+.Z:*CXN8=1KCSTW.Z.9V5WEL_D
=8X$M9Y/95 /]I
V


M&>!K8EK33.)5]A6IHGP!Z=6K'OB(UBJ(
M ADYW.VU(DSIRT_%$&NE-(QE?T!)[DS55O$E+ ZV(;QP1VP]&9RW_8N=0G




MUR8[M!&VTT#
X)@T]F9PM? ]=8!V6
QZBKWC*JCSO#08Q0L2OW+!GOA9-M@[



 T'(F!QYV&
M(.%2AZ?




*&5#%WQTZ%5IR(+0Z@

MUYJH0M*3Y$HCO



&2\_H28$'.Z'I#B[\W
V6#





165YA+
D
6-=KQ'VI9X2M $KM< 9

M-PV))T0


M&B8
FC/EV-J.

M

+:3)\!7/H
MOM2\_'AE0-:O

5

M/(K'_;XNL8*)%Y4_]&PLE/5S+M*PE5=]@YW76A+:!Y5I7W9
' + _+M2L(2P
M'0^
Y
Z(6H E?DS)I

]9Q

?8EJ)E'^^&


C5_@9.3(%'[GSC:=&SSOK
WF4(L9;!55ME


M2I8KCOF3X-#&QO;.*[
3.@&?


MN9WP*VN.[QC


:P%
M:N=;!FR3\?$?B@?L=3,E^@#*-B%LUY?Y@_EEUY?L GJM6ZSMW+;HP*DN



M=!8/!\.HG_R4S'XBGV R[:5346]1/ 3M,U3M 'HZ_@[VQ-=:T-0:G& 
#^

:3

MU%\=C


& UG&R48CG:L)CG







UHYN!-!SIE





M.PB4H@_ ??



M ?E3($I5+G=?2?1U0X];3YRBJ*TH5F[./L&6$XOVZ5VD/D5Y#FFUP=U;6NQ%
M;[RUHUZ!SUW-NX!6O490Z*[7'C#'K:G3=J[6ST14)'Q3?
\G::%&4DBCY^ZM


M!_TOLER)
:Q-J

')VLLIML




6
4^JY2C#-2V)!V8JP6M: A



/3Q%Q6;/7HD;

$+HFS'*T?W^
$JPPNN8GGG'


MX]\;C22P
PV;J2;IE5X[+K9-4M1?L*
BEHQE9O_K0])3 S--9/)R

MP%\Q6RL=QP.$1T_C&4*KP^ZF4VK\!
T'O&
P8E.DZ?DKG
2H
QS7%GJ(
M



@%_T[BMY&W\.AOUN


S-@S
!+.HE+HX.R9TZ+

MPR


M0&'P^4;5%Z
BC


0)-E
:XCI*TQK#Y


M\.&I FIKYR #KR2@-5Q#:'4N-+&+: C64)X!



8,/M,6GV,H@^Q;
M:,%2('Z8QM7)!?#RN?=H$BA*OJ$A59S,PUR/:-/8 CY[K!<W.-XH8L;U<7_


5\WJL39AWT5+LNCSMYH2H=2I4^TI
M!$_S

M2@SJ?22IE:8L+)T^#$%5 7U)%9
9=8P*MA 









N
M-.)_GS

M(\G9I'L8D^1\FN]K; 7:AL95:
D6
!U$@C;38K.C8NAY-M7&]^O;J$PLHP%*


V^EI_0/1T

M*

\CL
X87Q]
M.NPJB@&3_Y:Y)!:Z4052=&X9.M\=N^P+B-UBEFR.73QJWE$VZ/?5;H&.
JT?


M*%Q4A5[SF=DY_*80

W5E ]74 [O8.U/G;^'

!23%;=P1UD[3T%U*XXO1

%#.VTW-[W
ML+'KQPJ:THQ!UT*M@2DUT)_TH8'/5^;Q[V@LZ5YXAAL)?Q9H]85#R)/S97


&/4](





M8H=ZR7*_BM:EBQN0L;S^!6'?UEO$ZN-5LCYH66 *Q1'$TV?LF%T!FO]D
(6S

MGXX2/


M8D!8C:-R+FF$I=1OD;)&4U4&84E\70LNW4;X3Q2=ZI4O9RT-1X68FF9$I:^4

MX*B_L%PL:O$_]XO;M501D[8P.VA!^8/D8=SIS*/M?L7Q(




MC@YIG8RPML2.D-D:5.

D3) DX3,N:(-97;9,*' U+QS0<ZOUP?$Y^^
M7Q\\$AP'VK%$;TR!\_J6(T0'$5YOZ+K\&1_BQ29F%JB@FD]#N)XD;)B//:
MZR.NE*UGR\W^9PW2$,&[$L3EU!2EOY:Q +:&M5)AOYP0
$25!F5._3+RV

MJ[$XZ(#FLHD:4.KL!B


MV07R?S$:4C&





1@]&TS/:Y:I2ABJI

T/[Y&@&Z4_L_)(JAM=





M=PQ9Y2:M%IO*F^7V&S)MH2W9G5_B8FV'/A

M=[P%LE3+G*^EB#9WTOK(D_*297R -8*;C9 O0^6UTU[7Q:1]E^K/]FS;:[I#


M5F'A!YAPB:L+^_4C9HAWT\Y.K1T0!5=YCO-8;MZK# (7LF_8(TB]B\+X'R
MG7G;2N)UUQ)RJ8=BB^F9F&ZU0%%RSMDT=/8MGPNI@.Z
P

M5M0\3%X!1OJNT6M6?6F&I%3[&Q3]\;BN-#'51=^(.?C!UX%8DBSF$_



[YLG[N. R!-1;07U@-



MR9-?DH

I0=L %N88FG&L[91JL<T-]:A)T9F1@^@SQ,4X
M)O1"9=!7O=-4L(E+B$O'LB?COD\<FM[]5[)540XL@DTH&VPCET% 8I:Q^<




M
7+1
&J\MU\V9^TJ[<#+\









WA


M-^7V6.-#L X)VL3N[Z4L)CU2SITXSUGN\94=M*62SF2 3^77'O)1H_:08_

MIW*3WY94

M+8N8[1BU9





M^HM77*DRNM3TP0
RTK


MVM[A7+$?+@%,;F\/T9^N$0(AL#8JE=/[-,PI#+UGRMWH]^3CYS1U$C=9O&
MV%34V_3GSG!D])+!-W$Y6K%O@*:.CL$0$]]UAS6@TZ6L_-Y
^5TW\9OMD?
M'9^V9
*Y;(.:#.I73SC1B):!4 ];;E]?/-W$0HT/KON[CQ?HXGG !/^YF!EW


M 4_3: )-IV/?B'1ZA 6 DR1Z'1W!1J1]_ 4Z[N






LP4?_2!-P)GFTVG
M;LZP/' 0)O0;3)W8R0!F



M

M6I&QFN


X$KI)+K8HCL.
M


^:WB1#Z;X$SCO]
!
TCY
'L]L H+6; ;DBZQW[&;2.CPZ


+3

@EB0HF$SAF*9TSK%O%7X1@_MU@Q=C5@0KO39


-P



;!D%(I3N(_&P$E'
M(.P^L1/]7HH[ +Q#_AG!4'HO?^U[SV];=,HG21\?.VR9;Q=NE6%7]DJ\9]



 
O.4

VL',_.;2+ON.357:3K;N._.U!
MGC3YOL5)1N8H=:R.3W5&?$0V_G.00S-TCP]AN+P&,8OW:@CUKYXP[^C#OU
M)ENM$&2-L-88T@9D(BQ2C_FR


M5)-[CPLJ:E+%]^DB;EP[%;E5VH$-^I-N;_98=4??EG5I1?1=
X&8[(&#M.
M43(^2M$G0G]/!R0(XC-]JJ@


M@R2AA[FY-VI IMI@9*W5ASTQNWFY&21HU2-[01)/)N-@!NC 0Q'N%3I0DE%?
M[)HP(NA9'W/#A\4'!0.?ES9I^(







M\E0?EM_GJ#

59$
7$[A=\;

)Z[3@*S$+4):I @AWQ4


9?_4_

M;J$JE)EK%7JJT!=V6B8(F


N

M*U8^

#%YY0JHKL( +-':EZ_!6NA\FB

MP

)?Z2K=]%*]*E2-JIPVZ\#]'9.AIR[H)+=RJ9Y





32$


M2!YG2)C]FP4N([H






MQ0TJ_K*T)+RXM1Q?-SF5
$P3=\=9

M! 4 8#)CGG]QAY/Y1R:9R41A7!+''A\T'%?&[A'B&
&^4+0^VSMBW&IEY7L'

M83T[;][Q2@BLTDX+=V*#V(S45F0@(&-F


/I&S9
W-#\EFX

M0/L8*CL




1NH) [5YLL+3;KD%$T*[V99?D.TS\@SZ@!!TCESXLAX$





MQ


B


M1W2+-0J48$?]/XE#$6^5*C?:[X/HH;E4&MK62K4^Z;9JBY?Z8;.XR7=?



M%%C*0C1X[_V)85NJ(!,ZJ2S:]5L1\;M'1B;6!?3E8J#O[10(\I6\XPK+#C:
ML:TPTD8C=X/(I7:6O;UF; )ATRV+A?YJJ+:ZI;+HIA;EE^$P3+JI/'2*8@L

_%EU!(
Y1($ ]JZ4A(;O4 9\P\(Q' L)USOD6
M=-ZOG;8EBJ\THWXZC W+


MGU!8 H6U^'L
T7./R^6Q:4QY_UNT6:+7(X2LQ#.\S%$WRV]O*Q/D^9*=.))X


E]B'+&!@J5(RZ2HDVSTA#
HQ&L4-S/!

M)VF% )-
XS1V*1; 2*^

1-%G9M9?E[K8)Z6Z[[I@6%V.6G[]7_






MKC%!J1Q&H@%HAX%;P3


=8QZY-


MN&52R+AE%Y=I78-



9
5$B
/V+QD$ PM&' SF2,0$U
MS,()[UQOD^-H6V,NG'!+0P OIDM2*R5R] *!T\F(Q/C$D8+</Y V+33D5N6
M)FS;+\@:;2)6DX[);8JA##(M&

M^[&D)0IFN K_LW1E9JS

4^F*K]OHL[+[O-PMZ7


M*3$E\2V*U
NERGKA'W_/%EM&9)*4RO9@Y@+=+I'
C/7$B;
^QS)JTW%IA%/M


)/@#M=!
M?5N\+OJR4*-Q01B+F6T:28(Q*



M
YMUV:.R=M$;F$KIP

O




MRD[SIS&KP%IS(F5TBCCACEIMGUT8OYUC'*QI?;!)PA#+O*H5YXB21&7J@]

.F



1%KB.:JQ%1W6 6-JO/*!+
MKR4=L!!*#)E +U&0DU_#(N@D+E.T8?2LPN6WN9W7R2O7&O:)F1'%+MR0U:X
M +YGZVLZ/T!O(J-SR?I@XM1JG7.@M):.@I0%W9PIC.Y4A







M*8QN'C9U1*B14()#21/@[RFHPXA.#2J(Y%A)+

M1F7P$9-6O2CDV35H^ZR:4*!Y_J3C2YQ!
?9#(? M.(9C'L
QCN%8B=J!M5T5


MA^+'-X\2F'# A





3]Z54IY[G,@@S
&CH5FB%Y?.5F)*4%D96D)5EJ*TM$+PRHD&


 49SR@/:=?OT5C9YI4SP!+S=93
M9S$#V@P 6'T$B''P T^U_ZT0H'[BX4+ C0*6_DW3SG#9149%3

M
4O#4EL]W&)M2G%V*6V:!'-BK&@

-'

D=9/3BK!@C!
Y =8Q]\)


$H;Q4_/



).[DIQA/G=7;ZF#!R@2IU^L9/C*@KR.*%/2=64$6:?9DDL

4J=U4!'*J+G.KFI&HBCWSM##UP \B@E\9S
M@Y7:CHT=B#?!J?7CU



A]8\K AUTKCFXN@(+^73=BWF+S4N*L5)
MD


G#M4I.E@!W&%:N&I6(A0V:Z
15&
MH !


XXN

#Z5(=)KJ&1Z)P-4*?[=8JC4WN-7(A$H[H?WJ9(G;

D2CPUM22129PJ!-7H
MZ)IBZ#K-SOM(V:+$*:S2@%'LF3-2V/%Z4SPSUJ\8?K0(1N#CZA19UW^Y9-HU


9-
35

+8+( E-O K1
L

M9K
$31B.;'K#&E[Z -J'C;/B16/8F#B_VQ=A&H+#X!]9QHV!#^31HWZ-]&'

MDDPB7:U32IE:&XVS

K

M03%:/^C;7Y&







J;C!Y97C I$4B.68Q&2\NU
M ;7 8S
 DD55E%#(A*FMEI;1\I!H*IHK


MDRP.AQN)C'G**4MGG

?4@98A
%
MD0A%JT^+.^*8QX)A9$OKYEK2H?*2=S770PLZC6.5IKUV=P%R$88P8@AU7O



1AG6MQNG/*?#/YDV58YT:U4XI5/



]+EVNFE6R:
Y;OR8PR/N9

MS0I

M!1 P1]*8;=N+013AQ02!P4:;:43GLS6PE[O'4BJM%3;J8-52*U








__MSZN_]K.=Q_5


7CM%Q*4;!5;R=)TD7PT

&D5(5+8HF22:
MB@;1ZVHM2M






5;96LQ
(
-*Z?U5B

X#'&9+

MF9AA/EO$?THME/-M3.&H?07&$F:''SN]*'[?N %$:L#Y2N):W.!.

JR
MFK:W+F4H0P+QM=%A-SCS#K)H%\CM9
MNWGX5M;\__9\PT
ROYF
+H:3232X^!A-;L[/!^/?HLM/T63T^6+T:70ZN+B.


EL


'-Y&C$0&Y;M= /NOW2K$P
MP'COHFXGC5NM%OQUE/;C%HSQ/7Z;97$S[983)7;D2<#;<=9*HZ-NG/2;T% K
M:<9).]6!2CH?RP_R?4199VXT^S*/W44AP#O


ML
5IU 



M#6_*U.B+WO:@@Q+:@M





M2A8&0DW/$\::M!L^$QJ


B:W*OJILJ\I^R&M7VC6K

XU;?;;;'*%^EC6;_*$K8C!_
MZ+;BK-N.]NRQ5]'E4:^5Q5TR$QUU.ZRCP9^=9BONI4WZ

IMEL'M
MT




M=%CL


U.QEI#)*K0PJ

*#BR34KCZ.+:#(\
MO1F/KO=V_ZDDN6.8QC&:.OE*#I;2W6'\P]4I97WH'#S



M
QX
_
G^U*

M+9&]=G89WPUG':MINR#+BG1X
60A


D0)QBB.8XA*&4]284?FZS+V



M]WI]9SBZGW=63^] NS'W78S0(T'KEF%HB=KYBW+06O6[8VG+2\F7=!0\M2







O






X

^,\F8\1M(X&PU.1F?[&V-/Q65F
M!?5X3?L1;;$&+:/R=5;=9++;R0M/-C



MYFP/16

D^JBZL






+-4
U

M


M7IX/H^O!_Z@15

2:J.<G
'9

S+-#
DF8+&@6Y/FNQU[V=]BVO^Q$9#^@D9WH6A2S
M%F4EEP?7(XD7&$$&C*GA$1=K0GVMMUJPB$&$;=#%A-08JE;6)XVI1'!^G1@


Y4@!8I0

M@*5U

&RB&87'Z
0G*XW.72LC 6@E[PC#
NAM^2=U&C$ 0B:8
M




M N!9L%(08YTL
M2K10 )

.P5[)27FZJOL9F#
MDFN!RJ+IEV.CK)*0U1RP)/J]XIS?5+4=NX *%)[[3B4HT $AOZ*03COXS_
M#RT!82@<MAR#BJT:EDKXH593H/9$O!X'M\;UM]A#D9AJD/1!F]IQ[@I^REG






1-+%;*&$7.@L]*=:Y!+/'W,)+NH'5.5.;6D\E+S$D.'5%KVI5:!
M4[;VGI9] \O^C9:],@BK'M!!TE9*W$F*W[Q3CH2Q6U8.3\Q1NQ^#QJHB*5P


MJ @='S9^H9H:]J
M'JZX&+N].&V1 Z33)2\L&J([S8S_;5DN*I$!RHT7'AMD=H=4 @XBK.!( K
MPN(1X0ZB=--&(Q0&W;2)7QQUD8P[/3-U0B$Y2C@CXSW]E::A()N)=?.@?\;/

YXPELQ0PR50O!/F#K+N/ZZ]MC+\FTE79%M$
!(2O

MV8W;:3AX4%=*!R%B@1'E5K-T:GH]FY+*9*A?#CHBD0L+F*LB*FJ:#!)2(^

MN2\[5A&EV-RY^/C:PR&W6Q242W^D9(\_$@-TUJX3B9QNTYEW2.V07LU46I

MC==F

V



MDMBJ0KD:\;T:\H JN*

K7BX:'=T6Y\W-D]OL0B

M9G^WBYDNX@](2MW)1L77%+C[TW)C5_F/;!E

MS'WS8J

X9\EE
MV


5=B$. '
D(


M606;AYQ%06IBC+?P3NZ4UE8^S]Y0*6 ) E;4=0O'4I?S_!OU6QPP_1&5(J
M^Y3LO8^.IN\M_:O53RH^900NY7Z:/
%I_N%\-@VU6UCM]M/@WRTK6Q#_)G65
MXR[P














M5^
X:M-]3J69\65@#CB69K^*H@_D+A32#.*I+?((I



'(

\1D.+[2


![KY'U
 ^

M6JF)I)/%W0X
*)












M$6:G Z?


X3[


M#F2QAD57X5.

Y!@(JQ
N=RE4^7

MH4122*








.D$
M;0X



N
M:W$-'BB^$DN8\C1F3[?;U;J(RONCO7_EYIA3V4U^0ZL:
Y!O
TI-!+5#.!%%


M'
3A?85[F2%766+%/A$256&F-7/R
!-V.9EA8%QU=F[:8O@4R,:' 29P^1G
MQW=9G%@-5?C7=L*\* ST6RT]!=E G_K(
K7G#.2Q#H--!(L+W7H2##G&1;O


M)D#8WV11!OE184YWVY4.99\


-[1LV+\17U3IP! 'A'?+5*J$9T
M&







M^:)D





MBNMV

2Z CY:%)7=@C+ R%CI56

ML4AOC\Y





[26$FW69OK[F69G;FW0F


MI












M+




M:;BF25HHJ\:5P
:S8;O )NB)Z@9
MOH?^N_RT^?Y[^3#0D]QL5YS/A-H]$1V










C
MR8C3X^CPQ6II@LLQ[N*L31?_^_DT[V8TB8-I^#
:+H9O
M0IWGF856URC?P@!EYOX!$?NT5XST4]Q;?A/7)




E.7G[JU^7JBUR E&=J



M-Y]MART#S+CW


M7K?55A6A







MBU(U\TW4;G3;_XCQ+T6Q7-6\CI
X.9L8-;9])L#=0%T&1
C@/:YC'?2XE=.Q



O
Y&#7'2MT(ZR+FR8!7
M7/\4HUW(+U8WP'1*#48Y76YO-RA8JV'6-@A:2'US'U5S&D#'O!_]S_%R/L?K

_ (Q^5X]J*,H<=;?F./\6H:298=YB@AG
M<SQ;'(L9.& CX&+D*OC%(SN]M!2]$5BJ<PNLP.T;\8@JE-J9@34-.9J4J#H
M-&[@:DXDQWQT$4V&IS=CP3E_A=_K=F.5$8U+54:IW&#=JG.0_


*=A?


JQ'


&
M


@MZH@F6
!V;6
\^2%


M



M.W]+E[B&^








 &<C@;QCY4


M.*Q2C_M?1 1-06)'Y6R^F]ZT+ZE]/^UCWQZ_KW*QJ]?ZS0CAA%SMN
(&T^DQ
MUG2%VXCVRJTB!P
IPHF\_7Y(]T^:00L8QU'!T2F5AMO-^$8+S.NZ'.RU.M








MNI9$A_J(4Y/'0^7B R25MD


:K%.UBRF''KU[[


MVX\75O)UW8.
(T%U;JRGJ%A!'
WNK1SN./JVW

?W
NH'W3E

M:G$
\X@7*&+F)7&P0K:R
&3#4D
2NORRH#.'MTFU%
SXR$+\
@U_F?I?5MS[

AM36LM1[1;1#Z.@U\_7$&


6/8XRY.0](R
M-)R$J2'T=3




\*P P8:''*]J0!</F%?HW</&U V.20G
)Q5RL8:GL?=MK5A'
OY^ZS+&Q
)J_OWKHE] _7ONNH



M:8BM;H8.'B


S03D+







[4

UER:K.FY^2'I/]#

M'7?X$

MYQM?H=]YBNH/VB_





M .[P']%!'?



MB]P0+Z 8OSM9 O'674H7.JV($PZ!V8(2/
_A7@
=&;0L-'G
GF9PTT9/.2B'

2M9V3Z12#$4%5YQLT%PMXBS)6WMSIV



O
ME2&D0Z62]\)!V*Q'6E8+PJ(?R,TVZ[!Q_I&#L&-BL$VE+'SF4@\U 8!&N?
;Z\A74^
MNOGY?;#<.CYS^CB#<P^_YO[/Y*?Z1'((LB 41M;!AFBM\LX.B]6=_D4\ZDQ

MC8'7$'=X7N1PAYXT?JGX?377ISNSP_'UUSF34


MW]9;@N:OVLG+TDB9BW$Y;LJQ
86RP[9NGRTN9A3#

MZRC;6V5:=(W\ 0? 6_AW4=+
FLV&MZ





M.HW&PZO+
9+A*^![UL5#B.&9_5L5B.I$E\FM4K#D)5\#VW^@Y5Q;4DKBR/#V
D-6V82G!'H?3I<' -OYE.]4IW#T
M:Z52W0G.%.60JP^1RAJLTD'TI

%SI6H5ZYJ6T@:NK4R=L
MZ'$YGP:L%9#VB.ID?N.L1+:[&Y/O^6.IJ:S^79_/ZH6\S&:Z.X_M[.5N:2]
M.V$+@M8+E002.%WV$!TQE5Y[3Z2A;T@ORPPKO,



MF






Z(U*'%F)FZQ

X5219=0[

M$V


MR9C!JKZ)32 E!=







MIX@DWPJ9UT0C5/YX*3JW^2WTU6K[^+MJ*K%_847Y+J
W2K7M-^!\D%[@1\%
MS=Q8SL2%NW!]3XKH2LHXT@ ' '!P-$!QLDHTR& '!X0TO5GP@N6%\JG%U%




MG#XR2I]9*:LP6


5:LY'1.&*
SVB.+


JNE*

X9L^?1W@K VQ+5
9%SQNPS_B *

#Q;M= 5E^HSU&$[^
PL(8^IS
MUF/DH#&S@SFK6,B!XV9'=0=XIX*/RE+.EO'1!8:'VP-@(FY*@MQ690Z)K+0
M^!BK  C3H_.R;:JO3$$6LIDM]!;F99*5XEI?+V4C]G
%GH+T]W\\951FDB
M]G
%GHK_W(J(KKZ5L=$%K*9+00Q#5G:R$(VLX5PFLA8W(4L9#-;R$@3S=(Z

Q]7&1C=QC'S7KIH^+


:$SG(
M87:0B?D4D7]-?WRZBW1



M9*$ILX6Z9]!?I*EC(@M-F2T$



:S :

$%     @ DD-.3O$3CN1. P

M+ #?]Z







M4*S3HM;!7*=!KV
HV#$-BAU#R8YIT.P8BG9

93N
MF ;MCJ%XQS2H=PSE.Z9!OV
HX#$-1
,3[\!E!+ P04     20TY._H(;G90

M9RH]V7:Z5=INP$L
1.1+MMO1NY])VTFKF-2I(/U/,EKOWX2HM^9N?GQ.!NW
M.@[]Z#;1WOOYHQNV9M!NWB:S1@JV\D.VH=3NQ.S;@YZ9T0B92&::?1F]&M_


B'07JDZ<!E[R%LWIU6E-^Z;%0^OK
M_;_)GM8OI][X'^*3BR']SWUR^5((#E22(X

MUHPB:T:1-:/(FE%DS2BR9A19

M)476DB)K29&UI
A:4F0M*;)6%%DKBJP51=:*(FM%D;6BR%I19*THLE8462N*
MK#5%UIHB:TV1M:;(6E-DK2FRUA19:XJL-476FB*KDA1:E:38JB0%5R4INBI)

4     10TY.'R// \     3 @  P
M            @ $     7W)E;',O+G)E;'-02P$% 
4     10TY.)^B'




M% 




ML!
  !@              ( !J1





4     10TY.NXYA'+4!  #2 P  &0


M+W-H965T

  !D


4     10TY.94?N



4     10TY.QC_V:K0!  #2 P  &0

M Q0    ( )%#3DY3/APLM0$  -(#   9                :](  !X;]W


MT@



4     10TY.HU$2I;0!

R
M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( )%#3DZ@/']2T@(  $L

S







YX;6Q02P$% 
4     1



M%     @ DD-.3M

B8^X 0  T@
  !D              ( !LVX  'AL+W=O


&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#0T+GAM
M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( ))#3D[3T,CF[@$  &8%   9                8]R


M% 




TBAZW 0  T@
  !D              ( !



4     20TY.V$9*LFT  !J




M.YX;6Q02P$% 



4




4

4     20TY.?*JFHTX#




4     20TY.=Q






M%     @ DD-.3D7:#?1_!   ;AD  !D              ( !!/H  'AL+W=O


4     20TY._W=GQTH%   5





M970Y

M ))#3D[:M

M971S+W-H965T.3



M% 


04





M970Q
3
&PO=V]R:V)O


MDD-.3OZ&YV4 @  ZT$  !,              ( !Q-D %M#;VYT96YT7U1Y

3@Q
C
P+GAM




2O;PTM


M%W_HI2 %-U





M-




M#&9@;M%LU2O=W2-=MFZP5V&=M0JC
)Q-ZM\^2N-?TOD47AZ%-] *Q?YPV:_!
MLH=U1GV/+ZR_/1I.7QK$-GM4\XTF*UUKHZ/T%?S6SX9@MGA:WS'PO08'O'A8


+XV:.Z+M
FLDYKZ3IK:#VK:9P



ML?T%N


MCC$6#QNZ;0U/2@VV=&^



9/
+ZO8V?QJ*%;61G6


JF)JY5CK !S


F#0.L9.2TKYVP.'I1A%G+OBU]'!X5
QFA//8]

M$L7H:S3UAPJGT4CQQ&HE#$]FD+T)F#* F:,_C-+4CS(Q(WB+^@'V-%H!F,,
MQX]Q%,)?AYD*5IS,HA'H:#CRXE'R;3H*L+;)4[/*=&6$-O^R^(:3!.E/Q *



;D%NP18PNULCNV6Z
+M+KORVAAL 38_0

NTD



V83

M-X][89RFI*CG$

U/;'U&32-0
9XM
7
A!

M*?.FM*@ITZD+ZQ23X 
E^&&*$VU
@@^0X#+)F 1?78(OE9A@$4X'$Q
LXB%&


M!3@#-
+/Z#(5M(2(U*CKAAST!Q84[D1FJ(!
5=\+%6QPD8$,JU,9T#!859&
M^2 LY'.+2;BTE7&2U)]X*7IX6?9@)J;1Q%18R$S,(0+$[,OQ]H4%'82819T

M0@%*0PV6T&#1!DMH$&UE.E!YRF 

S$






]-K


^U]R^P?) !


M6'S_9T]87-[)P?A+? Q=A%#


8
M\%D
\$;]TP4-


L+-!.F1 M+KQ.6$FD#&-*\&-*\1'J:H0'F%I@EH

]H'
7O;


MW^C5'P:T!6$'


M'#8!Y!_- O3PDE_(?H_2UVAT&[ZA)

 5(:RSQFCDX[=X
M 7YY$4S@-+F?&U$;PBF&'G7#^ I3S?^V&(DBCUP#(, 9%##RN:3 /TDP[9
M+FS5#GZ4[B$[@';Q/N@Q8M+L#/7TEW\[


MR'XW^I1G1F^H=_C];+


MB)^ZWM /8%CK2








P2X0/

M#=9?E]

U[N*\585-C6:S_)MD
MOW$V*Y:-? \__0&T[OM43CU1F@;JPF?9Z%P]6!B/PW_% &.*/8$=?7Q$^




MATZL9[WL6G'M9(I!PG*T6Z*T81=OX;#+KW'* G+]V(#Z-PA
_\AVC@.7OA

M30OM9QKEWP5C&O

M
;?KL\:;/MO-QQ!PY
MP7:)D6'<V2ZQW2IXCJ+Y'J6Z.KMVS#)@'<J L;7C*X9V+*1C^]XHN6.S=FQ


;@B6_OK.;5:;@\NQ6)!O-+PJU(O'2&U4.-



M-:1GRD6_7Z;\_@RV190



PN&\LC!FI-E&J\=@E@@?9#HL I'.^&AJ7[ PK]W+193?

M10Z'./M)K4R=CE
M!W&PA=FNG
71AW58


MYD:G03O




M^)A3&S]+;/3BAVADHA#^0EDU?_TT5P*R:YX76?-0
V:W=\-[9=UQ![

M/T:@(

M:YGT@VD4)E&

-JN=;4^O(



#L!^'VXSK(@]D/JNS'GDJ[3JQUVM[Y


G
M9N






@3




P LL]UC
M \ RW92M8Y]I

M A86UQ.NX


//

M'


MHK






59CD(L!P*UH?]+4?6O&7+4:@/B9JS[D*Y

M9YXCD58ETP-(H#U:2]\M_/2\[^^VLOH%P=T7[P)6@:YWT)P1OC7C3#Y0T#
M+TE@2L/
7SW



!.
K*/O::K5E6^TNW!HS6
Q@
8/%#-8^
D8GPR PIM^Z1YOLQM'$1HD_#K
/QK_/
MO
!_F8


B&J2(

DQLR7_*RSY
MG_W*S




M0+;AA_.;



H%E(+?4/RV

?/O
M+JG9(Y-WA+3B0VS-(KGQTBL(7%?HCA]=:-H1)E5W$MVFXES?OFMH2V3Y9)


M2K\P(;U TJ9#

G(A$T7
9GG:'N5I


FHB:6(^I4B(DINM^(C9K&Z S







X?+-7[@Y'=X?IU/5XW-&6!)

.6[%F!H7?D@F(
1I'
(%BTOF7D!
MAFI



=:3R?JV

^\1S'Q1?*F5TVEDPK=R

'??3#X
M&W/MI7XSIO=5TQG$NRS$N\!6E$






Q

MI9$
K; C


MR:E^!FG[X(9:2

ME(5
#-!4N'D8IKQX





93+4XLX$_$20R!
M7C97)!2VC]7N-;\+$EE*PJ'
(TXH]63GWPWYR80Z'7BQ=_7S8$7X-09*
L

%Y8\H_OX2Q4

S
MIE+I=7?#*F:4.\+JW0!K$

M^IF\FD6/F+O;;!LOW=#A\CQZ9*KWY:^#6AE;8&KOPUZQ-3M)IDQE4I3O)VI
M68&T%WHCS_)B__D9P=_#D94MP2= %I9

^R14.SAGQGXZJ899XL2U&OO

E6:\\JIS0N&! MK6SE@LDLDUEJ(.*E

HI75B5I89ZXF(O#069Z:+/

Y33[]8-8SOQZ













(DEF,$G.^-I@$7A',1GXXKO_VTL,;
M@??L33QP@T,$PP_'C_ME YT5US&OH
-[S^6&N[#AQ.=?/&URW Q!RO;V'@A



MS


EVC*R6K9
P3-Q'2\PP\84QL7I8!*R?(8G2+VU_@O$Y(8K'\[MT


M6ZGNW4D]%

M ;IWP:BR7O_=VB8H2DAUU3 K)Q459CW7J$
44#G'CHJ_2OFB?WO!+
]+!$'T


:TJ6FE&W;$(+6
M%C&84^J64[JV;6G7*7V)4I0\H2'RW[SG@)(D:QLVIG;B/1&AS?IO9I:H-$OG


M*@ZMI]]:% ?F4V@6@I96D9E-N+A-:#T3DA\HP9)EE

M)D5VHFUA4G



;UQ!
M
$V!=UQ-= W)




M=WUI?30.8*$Q//L$(#Q]A5E


MX1 %&/2AT;OL&^5QK7UT?3Q?
LC[\.(L(I\--BT2!F7INA%*P]-=V79LC=-Y


MYH#PJNWFDY%%696MVLGPG'J]R7P;-$Y&!=ODHK&2V$;$72+%XK)J-+EEX[


EII
M1EQ9N75'%@U+L\#4RASPB).=DO:8]1-2KC6?]8
TF[CDZ+H@*HYH PX B*1R
D)C/P'W'J;X6+ ]S+MCZ8X.L$GFP<]PDB@:

MD!6#XUS;


5[#
.TP9AI@L)C

.G\'BRPR'F:M('KTY3E9_U]F #Q'\$]LBI
%?JJJ

M*8\?K*VN\+8 T-*63%DSU(4-@/%KLF1LCE_1)54^?OSQ#(T6Y_?A18;L%.I%
MJ^* /;_.*F]C : M15






H(



MTN8800-6

M1XQP![=-P.
:(O'-'3)!4 %YB$?H0IHDZ^7HW;0LGCA[F#X:XI.)PB6 YG
M2J(L6H^*4U
-1%

MEJ2334:\X7_[(7*\6F#=02K@[X%($# Z-C)3&512)$X 71K+!1%4K@K]6)

M7_OXGB/:93)%
(*\KFFVKO.:X$ 


MV6K'%




O\%_FF2%*7EW _;^AT1@E.\AE





X7N!YG5,5Q;5%2S<4WM 56P:38BGE
M.*ZHQ.4_X/L1#J9'.T34LD2P2A0-'4=Q5=&U'5WG7$47!1-%4.'.-BT!%=3
M:FC(?=!UO$N1(BIJ!1G5
Y&1MV5-%0U3$VU-Y 13AU@:R&C8 &%
?2T14B*C



M92& )A#[Z[PN.HYM+PCJC8(MPV 73%XL;Q FQ7-Z(DEM:%MDU_12( UJ

5@RK+$*[)HJ@8'L; K








M'=W@.%-PLYITQ8:_+%9H\:Z4:I$#7^;#Y6AV%*-6*W5MLVK+HH[$Z8;EXG)K





N4$PZF
'4RC
(GBNVCH+0NS














O;P!GTD]-YV070=Q\%GHUJZ9NZPA6'F4FB(SI&9;/O
MC=0-8;Z2]W9Q\9VDRZY@*J:AVJ)FR6&%=/5 !L+-=Y;XU5&\*.MAZZK!L_)

!2%@GB2Q%@'&])U</5^D?4O?4?8BS)M$5.5U7X0S)%U3!QJ.X:&)73XJF


M.4-5%-ZU#%XV-75U_9

D@\





S^EJB?@[1U

RQ;Q
M.6

MD%2(&7'B5G

*KH)J56H16IYC=D_-XI+- ^\GE630)E72
M3$V#:
KF\76VQ:W*HEP]A ]LMRIN
*G\^4
&MO6X3D=T=56P;%N1 '])G.RX



46W






M1Q(4V;9L3C=5T^ U$=^B[E;O5^.66K&B^;X$7!$]

M
(^M]W'P$!


MG$R9'Z@91Z/9$
4)CEPAJ+SS?B2S&N56?I?P!7XW#\.4%YL5 QQ@MX P#$






DJB



YNBOH#/GJ@%E/YX!

MG

M!#1W(.B#-(HG#R\#0*2!%]][8WCY;%17QT*6WI6.9G1

#@.
M[Z%55;#6@J$!A-4*'L00JZ9?CCSGN.XD7&H_9PN$TIR
X +]/FLVO=W5D8

BA-
P3I@KATR
4V6





6:)

$.$\1<'&=Z%B&J642AH^@$:IGSPBRUF+2*)8AJ/6&I]%

M7-(L
/U\4UG?=8EUM&BHG*&*JJ'J^(!F!6(=Q[4RT;!





D$1DBX1

T

PVW:T9;_%RB=R@L#)*KYH2#1%'G%Q?4K^$00*;M4F^?^6H[Z
MX$LAX\7
A&^[C&W'-_$8KQ[?O7F8XEJ?H[;S


ME
!VB*^4$LOX(LQK4*+B%N7;P6HTBN+AB2B


(*'WY7
3Z
J.%D4NH\.C1MCR]+:Q1^!YA3<D
MOQE.L ;BW?$8GJ:957R/K*'[4UO57#3QBE^V&FQG[]'ZUH06?
.ZZLJB[

MQR5Q^7Z$_E!T@#
@(? [!HYRGSJB$8FBL:$!X(^)P*65^0$P1159IVW-)!

M!B L(*.8^0F-

L.5
W1-7
:K=T[ML5Q$L5ZF$G2)MBGDR)7?Z\MT#4ER
M#%WF+5DQ.=DTG*E_K95


MH+ U7;/%!:P0!



M#!/[QLFSH0C=VX72[2/5F2.W(0
G%A%TE+@ZU:DX+B\VZUC5=:TO&ATYW_G
M#I\L\@B98R62J=*?QQ)DZ!ZXG)/8PO;U8[:5T50DDL*::A-%.D6*DNZ3;:'E
M+M5HS]]F/@_G6UFT&!L4.S/\N54%IV%+C$B(/AG!J(O#



FD?5)D)2J5H;8L8
M)D1\7SMJ6YG

2*SD T#!2& B
M1YRBKT_22
]\*GUA*.YD

(HK*G[6H1 (MO8J2@I16BI



Q
ZRRZ.+ $O];U  AR*7=

ML(KL0DJAI4;3/ZBUB.RTZ U S
K&&4C^ H;\T9#$V0'DP?AZ=/WA]BDT^RML


QNF.G3+0*S!8!!5=HH2M3FCI5&S=K
RWF'1S ,^I\8_ZQ&
M;U1_4AWO^PQE.[?M.@$CH8Y%UK%R%I7D(,_8$D+T4;?CTB1!N^]M5[ERDY.O
M_W0U9#?EHILLO CT_#]L+:Q\K_VH/TZOOD\NIW$8HN&[4GN[&- ZG#&Y R2

M-S9S$&

MLV20^%


MJ

&CXC-)!VU^
MX]WW[2(.GPPXK8RDHM%:CJ

(\_,KX?
M7G:['PUWHPK1II124*TS)7EI?+]=^.?#:K6<G$<9NPT [W#XO:VIW7T%=)&




KO^K+FQW__
M=




M*ZP#C[2AF$EF.X6*HW!JASJR$5
S9I']0[66ZD:%'-CUXHM5?
R&/0WLQ[ED





4Y%TW@\X-B(7DB$4D#^2CMLEZUEP3#


M%!&'2-XF42U
Z@=)UX..G;R2.3(4A'AV.=]2I(*4.VA6-JCOMJU-=[!XK=

M=5E
UCH4RJ?DV('
G4QP=+:




M
9LBM$Z%(F@O+









M0M $LWM9^7'06%M*EGTI9*1001+EPO=ZEO(@U/S!MJ/*5IK\8Z*QJ@OHIYO;


M9S#



Y7%[EY3


M^(0]XG9NU[=U$AO






'T$7R'IN[]Z\?SNX&FXJ?Y


M(C#MBZ)&/)6H;/ :


HU.*%H
;UYG5_HC





F+#W[($K;-J:AC+E
MF$N?N^^ A5?+(F2B(*6]-2A7EQH&]P
DCGJT@]7M++2U7
4D=5@-C:PVT?R
._YJB#:;RG81$
MOO%06)P72R^.N?3'BC5E7POT2K8^R9IP


M@\I[SD%ZO1R3X&3\Y3]^_O]7#P8
@K)

M[FW=];/YOK8Z++G
-$?FRSI

OZEBCBZBE5Z';
M+4=NC<F3]J7M=FZL&E:[*;V#8J<L)8\S=Y


MVS86KQH*#

Y0:2%Y9PDF_
M+ENF8 M!U_$RK1\:LX=!9Y?A^
+-K6##\



E






K&&U


+!'?V-)V
M;X-%AT\'8[:OY\-P($

J79
Y#IUS['_78N?.H_$VM0.E(9:='O
W1_&^D(0



'HLS2=L*&







IY[E5)T=6Z'58$#E3!I$TO]
SAH2)&@L;7$J PVX=!G[OE0B-8*JMD4AUD1




&WV@^$?9W?PZN?[RYN?QK='5UX


[/A2L
]C@9#299^6&=CPY4

-\TJKVL(VU4Z(G
M66LOB@C@8[&U_;E[?
74!D*(M$@FN=
RRR@%*)';*@S LO2#;%5N3EN38_?Q16Q[

MWN2_+S@L_S#\;7 WS._?#R_N5E71K7EU*K(2=!6^!3:9^GI?NB(L=L[:V8'H
MG%CPQHZ[Q7




M:+[S


MS9H?+6CWA:]7(AY


LS( $=G1

MMAM
I]PB\T$M^=6P
)INS7)V7O6&L :%3M8D]J90V.1*%81^AF1IV;XM&T!H



+K[U!FX'8NW?L=G;H2-FRPI/D^





U;([VX^C2Z,,)OJR-@1*\60
M]Q(%WQ;#?Y)F@PM) *CG7I.#G-DS\8R#JXOZ=</+WZ\OZPBX-6@^$<681+ Y
M@4)G@VP1BI3%*MY:5$\.GQKYTVI$)S


B5+TL3D-7;7MTS?4+'!^:Y6D=N*
\$U\
M.QQ_'ET

 ]0*OCK;KZ^0^VGX
M87#QY4?^WO\SNKNMG[YESVA!C?.!US&!H_<SI?/F?D)'?#'5.K.:S4^]9SR








WADBDV2E-T?7:7DWSV8XXXVFQ:AEVZ5/+')M@[JY




!Y=OKO]M
)ZTX]52[X8\5;A_A7^YOT;Q:O+/A]3I
9I9[W[+
4G=,Q1.LCAZ1:9Y430 PBSHV ?80_?(=_!?R/[M/ES?4D
MD?/'Y ?6MZ;+^F4_U:/9=SL0+%QB4%.:L=#<'PS^%BB3=HFKU<<BP1]LH/!

MU*/S

VRF73U$.WW0SS
M(3[S@AIK21L1?1(.G?:+1B?K0BFIN/CBK.%LSS;T?57=K9/O: FU+:%K$-
MCDI8T18?Z@45
HJ@H:QP/LY2RWYUA_C


M_3H_R50YD
X7G=!(@.240:AQ

MX?AR/'B_\MZ=*





OK'.KF?[Z_N1E-.T8LOC1[U=Q-]
M]NO5_2W\H

KNL=904[



)D?8 :3/!!

MJ

$@\.TW0.)[BSDB:;4LI(SDFTR&HINJ 9)J
P$\Y'
M[].J$7V6
%&'DSW4K?
V6Z&

M=



67KJ!E\5O:KJ1J]^U#]'




M\=G4X5MF$F:#AIAR._1P0C
J5D9%2U X/F0'N+1SF#F(M;$$8O0
$OD0V*!X

M7XV4DU%1U6=E*[I.1[Y'JNUT7+:/IZUM7SM:TC
U-P5!!%G BR!BK5M.)IIN
MYAXH:/L?:7\[^L=P].%/MD_^\W#



M8#\*7&%'(%/]&TC5$;BS@6L;HK73M'SA\\O8::5K^=RE]%*A0Q^!=3%PH&8[


M#^F1

.UL4@LA(2:((




MUKY!);(S'FUE$8Z@E
&DO9Z]4()

M+
AU41\[



M(%KG['*MM

ZA^/Z0Z7RC(/Q^
O[F_%?
M=81!8CF_O1M=;)F122EKCQH

[#


P'N^99@Z08A6-\GB


Z-0!RLF$L6&
MB+ZV!OC08H2H36W FEK07G2NH^#Q7K!D-ZQFU24+TY(9^_UZ^ IBV. 4F;
E:PHQ$(?=1C435.
M9:UAVP<H:S9P;'C60U6RN\$)'7.@D7'U-F175#H??/89RPM?U@X$CQU8/I4
M.74_84OW40KI@!)[C9+#(Z.@&VML%; \+/&Z-EF6=DG/WL'BB3VNM/(R%BK&










FO6IJ3F(S+G%_FANEV
MV4H*E#5Z(




MY'P3'+(0L\M_*FCO[@=7C
3]^/K-9*_3I

MF\I8M8U_@MI'V/UA

5Y/OU)*VS5S1.IV<J3:M0
MPI2820?^,^O4 53;/YL$3?,(<6;@[PJ7J*









M1YA=]P8%Q:U@O%7X@E'=.G6_([3*)





M;1'LB^=@C*KM7BX$)V*7))$^M(0QRFQZLCPI-KN7R0;+)JM4#D53-8HO
Q9=

NG=04@ W
2]OL


MH##$_\-


M1J2

E85)6N1$9#5FEXT.



A&I6W;5]D.
F;&A;XR W$[4=![._;LY&[ 1#
MAQ%+++6I&J,K#^X*W]W67=F8GG*]D\
X.XYR)C9


#9


MCN[[J1[+
'+D;2&((&)B_&/I^(9JJ.*^&\;C70@=LBQ /B;I:I$WNR@]@6DN
'&39J7M8J$H!AL'24'_Z1*IUCXW[9KUSI?N-OO2<
_




MHEY?N7/=*I1H C/NNBE]$/%B9!Z*3LF 2


3GXY%4G2UDX
M7NK9(*2RY]A?=41**L-*!42
8+/)






MJJ.G.S\VYW: SK=K%P]\'ZR7VJCH@W(E!5 .;'\0P;5IDI=HQ+KOV8F12H80




M1%2@^I828=H9DM]/\AR3:.054
F!@X2:-B@JBX=7#=N607\+IWB$RY-=#L7K


M]%22SD9OR$93K,TN;^G0LBO-RUZ)GQ4'OF_B%+:R-57L;8EZNP3FR2F=^B

?22OFRS_04H6#MBS N&L=


M%R+/$Y[I





M+
[1^SH4-97&HA&ECJY&=

1+F7]6_



M;)36]E@(T!%OAL_9VQ!3 M8.Y)7V%KN; 2HVUE-MJA8Y)0C[N1F95$Y!1Z.T











F

E&@RU3\.;L@Q/V_

M!R)A&_:15R#
IE? 4\)VS.0-!PZ1BA=!)N5(1##41U0VMS
)7YVSO!TIZK)9
M)&FPL
2ED( 

H7UD/5N\CIGVR1+)6/9Q/8?O6B:
7G:@^=S2@&[*


M*4!?)FE&-


M&$Z^Y2$;L7Q.Z^/-P..]R!0#!UJU**U8Y*A+S.:G.(Y2YYR\+E$B?UA_OAN6


Z&WU WTQ5'V<\%<=.['Q[S]44(RW;W.3WI24Q.^O
M_] DUY+()A?/(B5G*C,36Y0$H 'T S0.FJ=,GD:?' QOG%7V877 ZQKWUH
MIYES.C#O V$^T +20TT





MT\^'L *
3B[IJ




_AU_NORS9^&*N_OU7
I'QY

MF^XGXZ_+[F'7NI'%AY&WD_?W7[_.



MUOY5:ZG)^'P*B

MS/%7MA#KW3VEAZ#*8CS\_NWIVI DXB53IZ

Q


M]5WS93'1_/9K

F;_^F9




M&@##


MR6QK/Q-


MH]N[R7UA\9?A[7\6MTR




M&THM #D*Y8R5MG41CKSQA;F(MU\+T']!+CIS[0T:XTJ;60I6
:


%J H$IFQP85T:W.QH\
O<8?UT7@I0:#9W/900
X@)0#

RICT0 GVGB\XO]BC.
MYM

M]BDO+54BC23LIU6(#DB%HV#MRL8RYTO4$]&%7)Z:^(.X&Q.7'(&78O8KE-
MC1?




MT3:9=N*X!2EM]?YDQ#IAK&?K#&+HBYK7EQIZ::+4H(0H0[1-8*R3A77UIHRU

80@1M
MM2E/ 

%!BO1ET?;[C*


M;_UX%H?*509)3IM[IH0.T9GN4#V**N7TL@\5_S+ZY:Z=
D?0.AN$B&$UEV



3Y8%=J3=U9L5V;^?9W\7_%#
ME7\UABFP,0BUYFAUPM$DG)JYKOOY3HI009!H#KI+3A*08E5$[I(6'$[7;%

7_]H_4CP





YR7EJ2ARU@9'Z37





EO6+J\!B@E
570SFSNRFL(E8AX3W
KK73-Y_WDP:?S@



K@P
M




91)?R-Y9BJ/T=



5:DT



MI+?'VJ16@J6
I!/Q

M8-$+)$^



_ H$Z 5FB[E^?U&\%&:
MQ/:#CX?1VV=O*1 X)PT.WC(0GLC


L0N8D6
MVIU$!'D]](1H?3#R
'K[[ U2!HK




 VNI^^2Q3
!6:9IVUH.Q9'M?(ME \X*7THUZY

C







M/)%


GK@)1\;F+H-XT(5F$@O!U *J&U8_/!
MA!1[*)Y6!V!
['AQ'EL*;^\^-Q-W_;_WMW=?MLU'+@#%X D3 3-)BH(
DY9M


;J=_F_Z\*F-P!W_Z




[(B7UU%[.JXWI4QTJ7-3(:('R1U+#V[0I96

T5:

M;9J?!E^::8/PUZ]7__YE?-ND43/Y].W'N^L?5K0&/_;?7*+BT62T0HCI2S&;

MQ[4Z



*4LCC %-;I=K3 X2

A]E$U82D;+-&8]'T0A [+2H7
JYF\?[=)V7\J*NO\W





(!B+)(VLNYW/^!(%&5D7_L)17?/YV]HR2X.7C)E)# CD_0V!@]8R
M@Y95.L9XJ59)I[!
EU)JR21R4!YD!30
N.
U]HZ%55:;O;]K[\5U
%?F-SV



B

AFBM
M(4A(8BWR5&5(K^C;:_V!;E]]@UDB;AL62*;2\N>#VJFCHR,/58H[(G%]_=)
M):&S9
?+@


M'#EC8$Y8$@D%*A3-(1F--G




,^]+UJA#@419ZJPR/(*VBXP\[JZ[\Y@J6=
XUK/IJ-7
M

MP1F[^37D&8AE:Q





M-!K_/%QM4+[(


M*+.QF

M1+



MDRHMKVTML$


A1H
M4619_#$#ZPV'Q-HF:B!HM6*42GTQ[DK-X=H:#4B*%5Y7/6EU-[K:6H(N0TF
M\GHNY:':NCW5?=KJ&)$)/$%4+ =ARG^G5)NDE*W)LDMZ)
2O;72JH3*BVA)
M/RQ/F(GJ
,= 64=\9473'D([7W#Q;0BY$F867)-45G95I%.RU*2%E9O:5;


4])(

MOS[Z&[HAL&-
!I%E!B
%_-F#,65R;(.[L)OLUPSI)]LY%G.R/)I
EI9:(E



M]UC+1:5NE\58CQT1D@L9DR?0+(*E_Z-@=

I*J@'I(!

;Y]3\-):R
H!A64$R4#




64J1N*QNAI.PM.FUV: (R+GPPM'G$THU]V6R()05
M/?=J=8!]+$H/-XN +#N'4+:@8M1





OY];6_6
MX])61Z 5

$@JU7)
M9SK




$-T4VNL.P.+L]Q
MI5YZTXE93CA(

VL

MI1
\V




9^ \\$*/J?V5#QO4&^=#%AGK8TB
LMR3&#:@Z;8H
IOB=)C





M;M.P745!B


MW6#@Y6F&4T16!F.K[)G)3+3N1V#=5( :03X9J^O
;JO^+IG1$K84.4ING9;(
M'_QJJBU/2(%;

MH&:8T6NFDI3*VG*]FC0;JJ/H5-R**=K


W?@ULD0HX[..1/D4#L^32J-/8?!U



3
[1I





QK+BB
9Z%;@Q1]G2+G5I@J/;4'I:?@=8/^6B^C=72+
D%$PK5&9T\!LHK!-_NIBV3 _R*H2.:


&M
LH
M=( H*42[1ILD:7+U;%*PY5=!OV;B3J<B;[GFDSAF8\
T$&0.FO'++9P/DJH

S&M79J#



SB4






M6'[BWIGN_QY/_O.ZG1M%9_7+X(\WY+0G0Z+O@#/P7I9.89NL9V6RKPR8VS/@



80S4







TK9=&36RBZ##J^\3




R:'@\(:7Y\+F9/RB^_4C_OO [:A^[N )'TK64


MKE0&7JCG &'OUX
AG_


E%S=7N[NQ]?^[2_O;NYOQ0]JDPJ3HXV&J40^

MS3
=A4J

MG(52H

.:W5.7


MP=[


O@Q:

KIOK



L



(+1X3G)82@VM]R!(431/
MF:M@2 Y6Y'D-


MABZZYKI\;9

MGHI4YTXDT+5;=YPIH=DQ$

M40N&)%SDH%PCSD[E^T\:B&87N\JOGAI'!ZU$*[@-B7)?&2I8 \1PS1J\=R

!
JII7+$2#!%6R9Q
 *[/-CH.4#7'AUU








1!UB-3-$$NO(2C
M7(_!OE^[Y


X-H#R2[4

!%'16@.@V0/%:F]_N]KS*@

M=6%9
%4;Y9E.\A)#@G
G7E0J'9S.


MF?P 6!2P^M6TYZWQ!9S&.0.ZP!EH 1)1!N




M:@:3



C!2 JEZ,92PD6*
MBSG6-?QJE;HMR^Z\LGU'W]^4A<BCZTH8'S8OC'$X@V,5]V9$8P28Y%M'*
M7$2;'0BE755


M=5KW3__^O:LUXC%; H5E@LL4!'

M. I+[6FBF\_

M.TS[C+/:Q9T1FOH6#.7L\9M\FPQL6H/S2L01N%6)[6O&
QM4'[R'0XUU$[

-A#B

4EOCXI





#JX9&8+F+I1$7%%\7UIU
7J+MF3
NBC#(T0P)E7






027W!ZIHF9N?6JDM6L$Q ,UM.^#8E'YF^#=\JH +A
M;B
Y11CD#IQI^8





M\B29[DO=QJ8NX%(?SJ3.)56B9

MQC
!0J-

W-
MP]E+KCF4

M:GE6;GK
08.7PC/CRWY-4AKH?)5'2091IWR9%OR8OFI[=K8V!^5Y@.QBRM)K

M4;S].&LD*)]L%64;N+984BF9
B:73+G;#T'G$\VD26UM;DY';V2TAA'E&^


M:?BT(J%



+II\VJJ9AYP=__[?5+
'2;M

\5L8MK=)+53['H_*$0 R%-SPHQ05A
$'Q.HCY67#DLO;5







L666KJLJ-:Y@-HKU
&:GA![
[1_C7;?Q

FL''NV9'Y?5HLU%E

=




-ON]JG&O/8O9ZRR9A&(]NYA


9!*MI 

MNU]'@R_CR=WP_S77?Q\
1]

#H+6D;8M)H%[:946\3/V
LA
-Z#9TC

G7F;(&ET,(&S%MD3!6HU
MN=Q





8YPR11

M[G6;(09S6^0P;N[L605L];$H%+!G
(B]0AN;:%RVC:R-)]9^F0(D76E
RP
MQ116LBFF@);
(FD64U-*^IW!1V#P[KXVF-B*=92$3&C2_.5G6JVO+PI,:3E
M$L-AT.\D6/IRT2R:)=T4,2*-4&82](=EV5L1R=^9_ 1&+SSFQ599D2KI?.*



.0=*K(C)?]*[;;F)IOC)0]
=[(8
L6*6L*V\=4




.=B



M=N9#4Z O7)&BDJ:DP-YF-0V&U=@B/!;;XMTM


6;G#%FQ899C8.+7
9V0



_XHX\')%&@8BD
^N* 
.(V8JBQ8\2BNZP#;/


?:*^G:C[AMCQW:P5\ 6IM?RE
MNSR[8+4)Y%S)M7A!B3JT?C&5.N0FM_$

M-+G@N85.[OE\IJ$R!S^-PX),'9U(M JV&-)P*H5+N-79KE(8?'(T*?



M LHZW


MNRY[: G(MPN/5HY/ 7'
:IH3!V\A*E[+C%W


MVB 
;M&1.VQR_K+I_+S=4TP
XU1 *PJY4LNPZXOO D.AV#8$2&*+^-8!;SI(






E_2Q3



XL
@5&
M8U/IA/I%7
4!$;0O8NYL*


M^4^Y'5_\1FY84O

O@U1+$Z!EY0%F
P:+?R B(X81:\%N:CKY%7MKO3WRY

*DZ!E4@RR5(C
.CQ2D(]G D3GR*
!MO5V



[Z)4MG.:59






M2K(FM%

(=-S H0D4E2TEH


3F?!3#?WHP_
MWX7;F]_*%Y//D[L2BE46_F$DDW^ ]#'7*M7LM302%7:EV2#$JKSJ:D2\\07W

P:IY%D.#YL?1
M9C'$;++8 :X]:^ZK)5/SWSD_ 
/-0VP9$UM=G;*CJ!P#?*.4JRL6R :*OL&6


YLAI9&N]P_#OU]9ZI*+)1VGC0/GF^HIQ[!R4%#*WI5JX7UKW$

J

QD!#2F6**.+$3(I)J[)L1/0;$.KN4Y.0+<@
M[,XZKT368A0T_0BR%*LRYV %I.;H(D#8P=$Q@=?
_]B_J
]'3DO(:R@BY0H
M0
I:T\IFB-V'.9FSIA:
2[

D KW@O0F;R0709 L#RW

M!^&# B7B8I8!NXSHFXQ'W?2B3X# ]30T2FO3/K98*H=1*Z
X0EE':S@*QY









MG][Z ;I  90N03H^

M'D$HJ8FY+QAE8A(

*!)@5]N
*29AD&$


QQV



B)U37RENER-
E+K
M?(

MS?E$[G&(\JZ)M:G)'
:='M43VMJADHJQ?)$



;2D:1-M)CF]H.2:VE':9[?.?OMV9MAS@N-.\12
BVVB;

M12P/?-GZ8GWPQ0-(EYVU%#1YEYQ9C#07U!;R@ZI._U[.]*H?;TPR*X0@
U9
M7(
HBRVD0K=-5V^4?*Z(N^

GA6O@Z,#N_?/H[!,KJNG7AY_K@QM8?$F*+\T W;($AYFZ4&EU'AXH!$U
M#%T1_&/\:7)VL3)%]*AO1C PMH&]DYJ).B%W.];&A+=K232UN(#G?U=:5&


MP7(SQ. HL:'V]F2+H




H5FR=4V9%?G._]_KC

0/QY]._)Y]O/2Q&73=1'K3!:8(A.F8Y6*-/[

'2:7
M1WLU*I20+/M




M__KGQ7RA6[H=O[W\A0_[^[_&%W^-?^:3?]H@ O!HOF%)Q19&CBKS\\M*Z-C-

SUH8@]C F
?9X/_?YI

M4S_8

;


;:IVW?J8C_)_M6YF@S3=_)ON]J+/QK2N7$'?

MG
_+T-8ARL9 GCR1^]HM9')D6(.RM;B_J3$74FA9@7@VCE+377,*5/E)VJ








2CM4$24.AU#V[06?6%/?-W&T3U=(@GF%3Y?UX
M-!W-P


K8(10 @NE?CA&_SRI*A]'$!P1Z(LBD@
M8-?:%'8JR(:$LZF3M&C)\'[%!@4&TLM9JL
2HZ_'5[
T(]@B)1^\:$(3.Z]8


=+!XL*8E+0^K#YX
M:FR*7S4Q9G SJ1TQ*A J8#= JM46H$!IZG0[_

MI$QNL=X\DV]4?]V$T82_5I]EM_/VC1FU
BII2(02O%(

_U%+,OYB_-$TWO3U(D=[*R\A:AM1O@@XX&@@.0%-L*,<:

M568?/N9D
;MDG-$^Q

$2\;_J2-W%



NK'#3.R*BM-Z;= ?DZ*-C_'H5+6%=BVVRDDC);DC-%
MQC(6:V#L=

4%+2(+7ZI[NBL45M(4H3 WC#7KWLV R+&KC^7!/)&DP%^EXJ@
M0 6WM2 ZN)+:A7#8S#,:-D&VAK8Q:9. EN\ 0$EB32C2)W.G)5O5*O5AW@P
=J
M%$.0A2%V4^QK#R+*.]#D:+$Y&9U1Z.I@85_(YEH85BF4DL*8VD*/M<'RDZ%0
MO^3PR8VCRX$ 8#68@H+<X^1VAEA 


\9J
MJ4F(OY''UCP[

J1K*7DYY.BK%LUK6=SP!@TS 1F
MIDC;[28G3IH-(%91061%

AAUV


ME3[*402_8G?M6G_R)






K!HNN0 B@_!H7*&
M =Z=VRAS:+OXUKJ-\[



M'


6FVB%:_IZ!G'-M0/DE ,L.DEB
ML]\PNCG<ZAE<48WK5]4
^5-C'
HU[Q;2C[Z[ZMI]Z?O5CS-5FE/O_[7S__[

J=B:B#

CX:.IWJ+_L/&U #&7


:@*TS! 6XA%:VD8/[6SQ4Z!'.^O;F\^;:9
V9IJ2FQV7:W:D3XE
M
 NBN+)B'#CIY;3ZH$CR;GIUSI[OK]/W[/1.SNZCMO'3Y.R?XU7CUAYO)
[(

MP(O021WYV
SC


M9RNCI05GSICLZF!(@JK8R(0N0ZDFA%%:#$X4L.]-OS;/V6C/&$2%;@T66
M$!=CIUG\7&X:4A@L6XFG^:ZWIM_&CU@6F3#64*46161KN]4$3,4JGG$3DIY
MHLIQIA
?J\*G\_-U#7MPQ=35#5G*X


M@C5?2$5W$ACBBHD!8.YB

)91Y[Q
MOLY



M5IEKQ8


Y\QV#:4@BI=%.C/'0Z;5PVQ+Z]

M%?S?Q.C8:=_1 K)J$103PIVDXMBB;$C)%#([-W54LG:=2M2IS[87VA7!+9
M5 ^9)
\L&U*%ZDQQT-9'%$GJNDMM'FAAT6D;8(0$;0;8A+ U2?:0T66]*S2P
MCH^:7KAJQRP60G
M@C4FUH[;E!:U;!Y%@[-!HJ9!0\MAU T%$Z+R 9PIP4J?M9 +4=74TA6E:X?F
MG 9=#U$WI(D.1NW#+XN_

MPI2L%^(73;M


+IN[NB$@!M6Z

VC=U'6PVX'V-)VYPY8-:6(/
MSND0L0B
28-98#T19/.2+0&XP4+EO94-Y9SKVF-A \M2 *$+5?O*)D
'2-!F

F;%U2-.ITV4+O]VF(H5F





4!!#6^MF
M-




K$')*-(
-1$#:*EMPJ(=9 V+;*4HI=UM+.JLEZ%ZC8,H&A*LZIVHJM!(
M57OU4UZ0MALAQMK9YL]DJ^'HAN+JF<M:2EHZY*BDFTP*MQ'\E
SW@\%T@!+


M
DGG51:+*1M%MC &E:1O1JKVH-M\E &4=P219

N1;
MI=_&NBW+!#I+)Y4R)6=9#-Y3

RS

D4&RM)6F#L8JT&: 5<U;TN-HKU@1
MUF($5-@+)U=% 'F])7!J-;X2F-H@
[CT[?S5YQ



U1*_7;IM)FP^ V4V





G5:&'EFZ9P


.[^^]7%^/RJUY\.+BA7$O+_/!O^0/.V**
2Z-;6/ST'


E8U

M8A;5@(GP?CR:CM[R5TXO1_5SHXL-U%^H(T-J09V3*@E-X+HM:E)(F1KE?]AG
MT#



\$2

K=8=+!=AQ9
?




M(&911)QW K.ESI3;HE5!APV=/?OJVX3./%^G[FZ*H1@)DAS&[O(RM'T+0[[V
M1K@LD[.LDJ4UQ2


M'%^.ZTR?RW-__GER68L;^(Q_C?._OXPOK\=;IS3Y

MR_BZ09(HA5NJG-OL9/NX2T_\C\%D3;WGZ(H#EY.(*2_N K9M]')56;_H718B

;J^KH]T

Y/][



_+\:_7_UR=5EI.[V:L6'V:EEM]^6W?) .

MB7C^73Z-IN
PNA[/X '_[DQLME8]WJ*)BFSVTH#T=?-RZE:VRN*:-)N18DGQ

?;W_R+O1U_I+_E^CZ?F=8GA[R:)U
M.RLEFFF6WS^-+G_]
K/'Y6KZ83QAU?#V\MUX.KDZ[\V!S;[W]Z]?EC5:K?D[
MXR]Z?W-U]L\_^

VPW
M(=Y!2#


Z\

]Y159R'


MMPG?]N66 1+[W5$FKW2U9R&$16D7/YD5S%#X.IR 6[[M_QI//G[B _B_QM/1


MLW)[5NY7A3YDI21T[
+)X)Q&J3TS=L%*%+X\Q4I)/PCS.EDY^[G7+Q*&I
Q?




YCAKUEANF_JX-$O1RD9%*(0H&-


MR4T:85XKZXY6#2RM


M*'))WDC;6;K@HGRT7FF1]31HS7?.O70!


]AZ;'\AW)-V)\/-P[1S)8BE*):R(J461KL.
M-\DDGJSH8W=1'




MU%GP%/AQ.3-O@-4BJJ!7#3Z44LE]

G7=OVQH[_QU$$AG8O3@&3B 1)FE\B48'8I=.?*1[<)C&NQX
MU\/0ZZFMYGNB5Q':&0L*8VMY JE%*%Y!,5J\4JJ0%PQZ+7#$KM(%Y/#^05
MK'U+MD*2P00I +GND;<-..E^Z_9=\0#WG+;R?7GYY/ZG:.+=Z
)(]DX^C*Y
M&5WT/:BH92ZFH/





%F9QV+*;D'04


M%/
?W*RMFC-_N;=95R




M&S+:C P

M


=


MIVH6/)?T+^( &UB^'5;$=35+[X^P$EFWW(Y0'&-#9+U.:76@$SPR-:STYG0=

MF=I0&RGZ2#4










.\K+[X)83V[60;V_G3FA2G.IC_Q

UR1CPYBE

AUW
_.5DZ)*C
=GNDJ3


&+J9@\<U-[ M;K]D0/S&O1[BY3TD:IM26/<F/J#$WIRWL/OLS#E5C'6
M GRR=L)S2;#L^6


M]RB=QT9I&2


1TR]

5

MLER *M:'Z8

MN9^@\XBVSA[2KJKE^VY7











[![*O PF$S*T+67!U=#=;/&C&:H6DTC
M!2L=93O+OK)L'N7 \AAX\B4-D[3H0N1]_Y)D?#]W_V+-77
PU-21[CHC5=.-






C0&0]74M.%(Z:(C/S0M:U&XSS(?J\;\TA19;'A_8;$7

/++UK6K;6 Q?=6O86



X+XZL_Y
$IJJFH@Y'BNGC@4'(0V- ;]J&CF
?A







I\L9FD:ZT53]QQEK1-\BFEM6!5[ (P(
M!E+/L+'2
FTMM[?!E%8;-=66S/!)_A4ZP




H '&9]X [L'@Q9[:D+]'7-!YC37O-[CC6YIRI6# P%PWHT
MF-QPT-?
Q;:=IG?=E5+



)2\-\

[O*-\_3N85UU3Y%^%




M^1[7_J:@*;)Q)JC*&1#7_AYX-I


3/..8R 3KF!L+%=4!J[
MTH
V+O$=\5W]?%=VC7M\8XKXC?BM'G[C88_$:\1K+\!KHO*J?R]5VFX3ZQ'K




V#%ES9G)XF7P'&/NNJ7,HYNR+I1FYAIQ2:-EP(






)1A*
M)%@[H]))@)$ (P%& NR
-L%(BI$4(RE&4NR$0DY)@)$ (P%& NP%!9@J*XHJ
M.XY+
JRA\Y+=6I25?__X;C;SWU_Z$Q;
(_9Y_$N2!'=A%/7N+]G-E
7Y%3[M

1+O*QO_]&8T
MT!35^8?Q[ZO!&RD



MJP^;E&L$3X?'V6JQXBTA29U@JL@[U44;KV([&R
^Y/$\1;Z6)VT9Z$.5


(W8%:U7)DJ[=#&Y?$675P%C66HBYG1^._7W%W2MJ

&#%JM+4IA@\1*PV#S2;0\L
MK@D6!(OCP$)O

H9DS+G)&$M6


XB@!' 2'<1M A:)PHMTET$

M!1CIKGV@]=Q([I


M(%00*DA'4-;3P93]B

M)P0PTEW[0.O5)SZ-PN\LD




^A+'7:/J]Z4U30C0JZM5*/


M9WW.2H$
%







MTP0PD^%MR5W


8-F:<P?@ H
5-U;@%LTQR42




AIS-H4?=9QNDP]M&GR89I\XS!^*<
M^NG3$CO.4!49%$==E'@M%ADAHFWT:7)_7GNG&N^VED8X&?(0^QR-?32S8[JG
M2QGBG.,9<37O8!/SM(T^33*/HKZ#_X':(N'38OYIB9)JH+T@^0*$BO.3JLUO
M8+9HMY_N5\I9EM$.(K8)B:L@7 ML;-42Y=MJ_ES\]=B?!&X3I]P36[=ZH4/

';GA_U[)]VP!YQ\4DY:)JL

MV *^]FUA\YVJ4! R



^;GX2T3
PIP11!1&#8BQ':V:<3WSVUZIXY9S6#5LHD'LA@&^9N7

P_P=T 6X!I!1&&Y3+XR14*6E


+B?@




A06HJ@UA@8]=;N4]'^[E]3^^F\W\


;=U4!V]^7N/8
MQV330Z+I

M\FE\^?CK+U\__E;Q\RZE+U\_#H92__/7+Y^_=J\^?OYTRA/\9_?7W_DDI.ZG


8KGGEUV


LCS
)


MZWP\CQ;.Q_LFF/(U\E[[V*QU]'^(?XA_B'^(?YI)WV(?XA_7M;VWLU[44_9
M*N?W';N31.N[U_WEQ385FB_,_7QJ.+)JF(U3IUKC_=1Y\(S4?FMYS:2--7[

MCJ.1O7-^DN9A




M0C&W\TD!
&3'-NKU-FG -94PUG3J\'7*ICRJI;VWD)P8O@1?!J= .*($80







AC/&-@6G^'E[26_X/T=4F$,): M+MHBJ)5U8E

;W(*NZ!=\


=+L*QO_







TVR[SAXPGTVO6;HDK*[(TK$+61 #


#.SLAT:YZB2V


M\GA/*5W7-@RYQK(#;5E+O.^\ N;;)4%)#IR9'+ L5;9-BN1_.=?I]$V(7I)\


Q+

MS:+S _+]J#C6(M53=NK+T3X71)QZ
&*=M/S*;ED\9SPC+_7\97+5O=0B77?=
MN*X['T

MD[%H?!'B5Z!I_
@+I^0Z/1XNI\BN2QU*R'-JD=HZ'W39KNQ2B6ARG/:@X0!^

 @Y[&\QQ






&1H'A


[^Z
4&':F[^7/*
9SQ5S290P0D(<IFP*!/U\#Z;E@*&[: 226

MP+:


-(UR_(DPZF.P9<! H$*E*4[+\O9'<PJE:4DC&0I
MFE^GX%J@#58Y
X-5@W6


$%_C_YB$67. &'](#KUHE% P'1\


 )EBY<(IXY-0'MDY2MLI;$Z]D+A]=8\X^

[

MC7$-@E%703+# H  8QC;SZ0[5!;?N(7BB5T/'W1G*M[P%L4Q^PY&1@32KI9I
MH&RIY4$_E)H*A[CFEE(]OU *7FS612*^[F=4Z$OWHP2'5\7P*Y[H\+K#/
M'\J?8^F2S7+!4HXLP9K:,K!/-K_.0C!ITOO2HD![_F%Q57+^U5%^6LM#RJ'





M-U6*#7GQH
7F9+'5L+P;/PE0@HD;CZ,2;B/B&UTJX,07IA*.*@41@Q.&9=0
M^6,4[DB7%6PL+YIZ@$X0FN; U701E%RQXLTXDSP9#

MVS0@/
(8)IHGJ/VN@1U9YG


B,&(L\/E3/N.B#?\
M\MU\[17OO!
N#<8+X18DRCSW0G_Q$-TTD3M*5<\,9 ADEEAAA=98BL52



V\W
O*I)V)';<

_#%
M

*ID?R^3PQN\:+Z

MGN*JDT@^4F17MV7;
1HG2UL8X+ M9:JNT'CN(XF;UR!N;%N7+:N^@A%M9P 2




W%@QV%NO&%MJ9TO&-V'K&=45'_K[]:2Q

A-P1(]BR)$1;;K$JP\224+
46
EPG83.A=2S7&_
#W

0'$J2?_PSUN%H!STCD
)S7Y$SEL::_I\MR0WN
'\+J'$=!]
.(2



ML&7#4



'V0Q6EK';&9R'6FY1MCP-5XT(@-8





MWC8RNJ]+[



?DFFLKML
M
;O_KC;]!9;-9F!KAK=

KB/Q^


;97PT!^6W)NV:UX9;-@V0V\
MZ ]0(%?;2N^[_,K.RL)C4


P]R+)Y#;BL0V
MGM)25D3AB9ICSP

_2N:!+/T6QO!;DGME

X-6?A/XW%DL@);ZQ(JT9$5O-L
.
WTJZ

KS:U#S7[5B*



*I15IVU9W;;Z\$K!U=R+;\+K:*6@
M;(B$\<A/_((X_5+[CQ1?C4-A.:^29+@#GBG* 7I81N&3-2/#*_GO/YOT<6B
M*-I:+9.Y;&51/H:K.G'H#9=AZ?64%YXMC^UPA-D]2)F;$%;;!TK$;(Q'P?D$



MR+N9!-*W.+F#


M*6/\D3[Z26
LO9ZD-UX

++@;.XG.*6Z06L0!$R(9CL'HPV'.@\+J -]XDR
M]SY6[X8+!=^7 4




MRR3
MI;M)48
H D3 O7*1TY^5XZ&
V-9FQ%JU9
2:[FO*B*WY=FW/=.(3\=;:V^M)
M/\*VYA.T?%R1;X@Z]S XFW\TT;KGA$*^'^B@*_+%*&:QV3[6XY-L]POPL+






MFS5E94LB\''*/D[%52F3X$E3+^6!X






M(HY$W
F*N
? PZ3957;ADLL$!MW(*6+Y*P _
-!VC1K;D$HRQALUYNNT31
M?=&K-0K96/1




'-YJUYLFH%[^


M!B!Q0^*&Q
W1Q(VNJK*NF21NSLNG;]J/*@/JUB)9OH3131I._Y9)7](PP#/G
M=%;$1[B_Y]=N4E-MV1%HV:&+Z*SDQ5GR\F+


M6\*LS'#!K)8DK?Z(Q9[F8
*
M-)@R&TNU/V2+5)ED+&$)*9$*6RWNPM-@





MF .



M*BA;C%303^9%&\9CK.:WR;7L/2+VJLI ](5]%]2N1YYLIMX6!$SR70:DK@
MY0F7Q@S
;99M

R9


MJP5'





[JV/4.


I?(^:Z/N
EUE'XVFY715Q
M:N-=O#[I=U[
$!S@FF2;TM%K%6YR30
SW8[25H5@6AVWWK'5J GJL@SJ&L]F
M.









MEPXSKL*
Y^/S :V^&9R2:;
!ZNWGA.K:\9SA

MG+JZ7)A&6B:^+M8

8

\)8JG^2E_($\H


D2B[0TJU+Q4;



J@#E;&%.HKM-5



M*$-T (K2)$)/@5ZN^ F@ X)P/&9\@PELA+@B@3

*RE?X\XT9







XP1MDV([[
N7?GVR1-V
<4^6LJ0F@ZS^;E?
7N


MP_D8^QU98C(/Y[VT%]]#V'T7P!URP'.HZ\=+IV70/RS1;RS3&5#TW)[\O[

I
CS4YK;'9=@8_?L-JI

M/2_^ELYGN2]V6OL





51OC5;9;]YU(_O

#OB(G/8!:/L=UI]=D^UK$(*(?F)6;
M/ ]YA\._T4]+3:\R)U!K(
O)6ZJR*)KDYZG-FXN$8?P2(UCCV&4S/^EFDZSG
M?7D\?

M^3:E!5




MS$(!?U+2$E!T)'M

2N9SDUO$5L.*($6?DTR
MC5S

MO!_%MKST [/%%%#+ I/%N&2R' P[6NI6P.*A!9A_'5/ZC$QUR0)Z
@)(:)%U

M16P/?8FJX6KD3O$%6X+AGM. ZYUH
& ^)X [+I/R;6#EI F?SWW'D^UO)!41


U.; 6 DS?J: T9UAC-E:23?\ <B*!R-KQ


LMH87Z3KC@='\)&;NY

 \'1S:M
T+$#U*YN

^[Z!*7G&2X()\X22B\J^[E_WYS.R]=4DEMC0Y_E=Y
M'/^Q64HD-]WX6I&NL*\D9TS6)(Z&EO19UGI-
#A^:M19J=Y5 YEOI 4)10R


M\:BFA;RQF$=_2WE1J2R

Y9K'*G=S$H-4XK $S&'^/ZZ9







.F;N+Q5:TB;*CG;L




WS^5QUL3':RVK
M+&3E9S%NR5!7OEIT-X_6Y?
]CH*)-
ZCX!J_?MY
4F9QYH178^?/\11T+PM6
M;G
W#GTYU9F/98\*







B








Y&.Q^*IJSLY

:;5B


MG#K\Y64;CFI@: ?.


^;^#(37G4S27Q6@D3Y.$:LLOVTXUSF



M:
P\C -)AL(C!T:BZJ%3SZ$O@&=- CXK[BL+DM7;(3:_1#E6?@+-H TTMI
MU7^(18
_DUPYQD#2& 
@L^
M'7DQH!2'R12I9R%(^UV


].=26DKV
M@AU7$IA;63\


MCA?M3% ^N$I+2PD#CU-IB71+BO*XJ(903.%E:M.=-$!

L_%6-)J$E)I&6.@0 Q(6F4-7/D,@-^*![\HE*\4:
M!+%&-K_ K(LL'M1H+-V*N[EVPF\K1



M$Q_ 'G[(-^^X*[Q



MK%EU+R3#HY1%=TH#]+^E;^8B#OPY2*Z3$O!DT&CIXWSKC J1)@C+*B88TA
C



YQQ4 =0F\1'?3@
S%)75


PWRW94

M[(P!^._+DMXUQ5.+= %EAR/D*D31?]X:A]W!A4MKUMHZ\UE66Q@VV)**5J

DQ/\-A/O%$2















UIY[.(S1D2H$FOKRZMJQY!+)E7A'&4K
M-X8N]I@N!AVKW==6,'-?2,)DBFPNGM]/VH,\$O20O96<DK6'0_#?VZOKB[8

M1!L[
EZH\G4NP_?WV-IN6^V!N:ID*


MQ R)&1*KG@:W9XK:C;#C0(R8ZW


NX6-?IM:U^


8
MGG1$B

M!KL1GN

MEL7:S5;/8M%4L#-_!KC[ $@\F[NZI:PD+M4MF1IU\_B6;UFL]%D\)SK^)Z6
M(1F?3 (QH4*^@0,FSYR[C,^P014NVXE/4OO-08K*@0_:\6A199LV\4SB!
M=J_!X'1NQ#P2LZ$(6/N8#F:P]F \!MATZ'NPR3%




M#
]S6



M0Y\LG#
* &XSFZ!?16/=IEO+1P]4/V=,T*7NURKE [ RKQ)B*R11QO0;PAV
M#L #D$.$$58!Y++/AX.HE$3G:/
\[QXQL:!/Z
]C=124U+#3J]N$H: HTJ*
M3(=BYASBRT!-#RA0;!Y.\;\\ .(+ $Y#



M^#


2[B^9[




UY3;1J <DG#_^:1


R^3$/X.60:*G8RUXQ3
K[
C*

MVIUNHZ

MK$4LV+H0






  B&C9&Q^SP
143./2EA

Q


6]0DODJ'RH@]M] !@_E.J2/+0[RWK%\VJ6E?G8=@52.QB$ W %H



M
TYHE2M3_#?$-)1Q'RY:]Y21D63


MRO]$\^#&MQTQXB-VXB7!Y\XGT 2X19$AD
FVD_L!7J4Q./M5?=MK?G(C9^X*
MBD3+^)Y$^_5QK@U+1B+1%0C5&P=-#VXN0E^)*?@$XDFZ6Y(K9YF?A8(V.5UI
MA


M@L0% -9UAH$#:NQ5\O*U;ENRITF&I[=XU\(A


MT]8#


A?J:*%YBP

G1 &8




V_%?EB_;*MUAAFJT+D6=J2



A_8]W(A3@+A3.Y]
66-X](^=6RHUX369]






M



1J75#E
*K*NE27
M;)NXIJH?I3QKCR]C]3[3M!*5F;Z9J).___XA#@\GG
\_GH


MY)E'NUM06D


##'P$



M]D;H&?:#C_]CVT*




MR67W].R\WS]N#2XNVYU351GAN-D\[5:B



J&0-5DCR




SF!
H9[&U78HRH5PQ-[P5! 5
M(.'
Z2M9G)1&PU-/S@A[[

/J)FUVJHN=1'WL)IJ


E
(:
MVH$S)

M'J :K]4?Q]@!L




M/M)2O[H_V&TIX&Z=*Q'7:_
UJ==4W:074TS



MSO&E/*!

M==3=VDMK:
\8U8_53UY
X7R);;TU0=:.[EI6IZ5-Y%7E[(V=61T153N*Z/8

9;7MMI?W^IWCXWV9RRONHBU/:*]MCX%\(U37EWL+JTNQRTRRY?@

&.B)!L'^*KSMCM4Z-G$&8P
:&S!Y
M[\AJMHU7Y!7-P!I)/?JX(O
L;D(\.(WE@?SA!C)6GLV\@ Q*L4+]19-?V.\



NU1O4
!3
ML;L3VUOVN^8$%;](ILU%8C!V_SVDE?0#


MKDV:?

18!($8
4]$;



MF\%9P(3C).M[% =PB/2F!Z?%HGOAW@DV@YU
0YI3Q1^:#9Z#)YR'=_3,F#

M7


M9.



M'X=R0FT@HY'.4FKZBM3$KIWP&SO4HWL4V$;D8 .TD-WQP/%CT+7X/9L!;0;



P;E0R X_3A(
M&-A0N(Y '=2)F(T+'D9XBQ#FFN'@




MW+_KPP; /!?!K&#1P#1SCFP
@!P4$




ME$.J3H)P 7
(DDP/Q_,-N9. +JTUI;[+DB)+7T(;\(





P/L/5%B
VFX



0

MSI-4H_\.BPT11E)58=^$F./6BH[\4N6F)C&YM:/PN8D3BPD/A;0()^2322 F
M9
!\&5_#T7JQN$4_PU

M1(9$J8J.@AQ9(D
A/#;*0$NR7;G#;/@X\0-T1P I@=4.WX=3M-[AWS0$E
2+
BX%X4X*X6BYVS@]YD/P&<!MUJ
MA6[UJ?MZ\7WN!U&U


MC*IRVF7+9B.]Y@J.LT.&,W:1(NA4




 OA[*_D%#
MWXMA7-DI9
X?J')&/



Q]


M&Y4:'0KY@) 5=H

5ZXKS
(RQ;T$@B!4Y
M5!TO*W+XK\LS]LLO\*\/'/











MXWYBXV8MIG74Z&S=
=A@J

M=5B

MW;$-(\.K!I\R$4=GS
%@CG[X5$2/Z[::%@@.79!X*QJ9H8BJP:=
_WS[0ZO[


$7WMYUK-=[X0]@\6U


MTT5L
*=J\E3B2NU\(5!I:K!I_H^VU')/EN#DWMK:73:5K?7-H:&(8A=$T1U
MF;3)0C99R/M/LQ4G

)#5ZQZ_M5PFE; ;.&ZKP_O6N^H\\ 2SOYK%:2/Z06
M'D!^:;?.3(3LL[AGU_Z


MXI=G_@SV]I!*M




M#]D3C&C[



M4'Q


M!+LUW-KULT=E0[7GR]ZL




F4B#


E'T.K
M.O9UE&C8SB-X30[YC3[*<2/]5U 
*1E2



\H@D-S709$
MK0Y-'2%BFI8U_=!J-;J:


4X?UIA



= _@5]X!E.1&; Z$(


!]]@H#E'G=L!


+LJI3C


MLRJUH3[!)R-CC(RI&*AJ@FJO*&:TWRTUYDA5X%.N.9(3 U)6R
[2G( C9R


MM^EDF!T'Y%6$+T4@
+C%(P%': =BY$3W?A!-8= 0OI%+^2MV1N@:#9SP&^D2

)+U5.BE(&MO


M))ARD?=5%(!P# )G$5^LA-LABM
5;PK3JY$EZW-FN4GQMPD\DX25%A)=@!;5


MRKV)Y#_)?
2L5D\W#OP9
C4


M6T
+
K N


0LE$?[A+/4DT/0

OI#%/WY209- ::
DRZ![M-
W@I:\W:[UZ
MLWFS^1ILOB;.=.


MQK(6.%6AL[)5&4-BAL0
B1D2
R1F2
R0F$Q0V)OE,1,:D'TZ7*Q=HK)+*A=
M=^=
IZ6U6EINT!9%:HH6W@;BMACBC!1)D
7ABX
71BZ
'1A-*CJ12+K;[-E

89C#
89S#.W(PT-R-K3Z%[9WT?
MM*SNX%@WJF3'7J



M[T9] ?B

MC

T78ZDNAY5JGI@'UICWKSP[L-$W1=\
## ]X
MRSS 9

MM:(
:1G2
N78#(D9$C
D9DC
D-@^D)A1$$NV;O?



7ABX
71BZ

M[1G:VZU6O??Y[(;$#(D9$C
D9DBL*B1F-
A=F\=[9@6;ZUK58E7UXTCMEO;6
M=OO-=@RYO&%R


)3Z3#DRD
MR6SANNJ9G]XUW]%G8#!V\GG%P=TZ
X#Y9W'/KOT97Q(^
QY




MT[18N]DZ
EAFL*PT+


^4.

TR/B6D%$;4S3*M5&N=TBZ
MKTZ:!GMJA#V/.4]J[QPYN
(0J1^'W!N%)J?2

M:%6''M
'+:O9;%O=XZUC!^92F&%&AAD99E0&
SKN#*Q.LVE8D6%%AA495K1+
M5C3H-4$S

M
!]CF




M!7B9XV_ :U'Q )1V0(7($89Z
4R5A343K1@6]-Z%D1OL9^&)@+ONP_]G[TV;

M\21T;

%*?\$G\#W 0GX5X*WN^M?\IF/Z)I#?]U0O4]=&=C0:] :;/-@W2B


KI@^:2\2(
/L
I;Z7B-LCKZ2 DW:]/ GX-X6MG@)4T!


2,_P!C@UMZ5VX*=X3$F:B^@MEL6J!O






4E[P S#



[)Q:F8.0PSYZ#[G#]I/#I$ 'S^/US&R .
MQ8_#9!


.T!4/&#

M2


=TELD0LL%&B3A1O
 D'2-X$?L6?/SXV6UC(=1H%E
M:
&5@!?''2H@:L+.FF3U3#[/4#XWP-0+A






MA -'RW:







?

:NLAO5/-K?8*ZI7

MC759?7R/
V4?QZIBK'G;6#


MZK1'^KC]XM@JRQ3+%

MV;
+[&G[



M XP#NQSM'_3U\6C



=7;:6\E(GB \_E5[$S7




MD1G%D1\LM=];MRUM*B]?:XX'$IF#

M)2^E?J](_+42M$7%E&NU8


ML%IIA[N9U9C5GF:UTB[YO'56:_H)D0




Y^H8._/10C3UQ:!;\<617M-O#3J
M1

&2QY)WPH'B



M[+!XI?6YS6^:%0C;B?CL-&G^$J\?LH+G4


_!/U8Y_


M:!T(UQ@1+?&


^=^^#B,@A6'ZP\FUHN-!WZI+\U&;+#5P+F%F\&0Z




M
D



(8
MNP/-K'1HNF[2,C+Y$YU-XX 8T79*PY#:&XB *UTS8X)L-8[S]TA

)P4





<6;
 26_IB;

Y.I%'1

E+Q6_

M.I*0YID

%!AU

4T#

I(&SG;<S<,15#(09JE75=R0P1M-8]# @?^-  2LZU+F-FR-


M$BD%W27;1 F=&E




MPRDL+X:4MML&Y



F5Z9^B;CY8DU.8Z?LI
M


ML$+BYATS*&T!L=&UV,IY(

MLO)@.B[NL:
8V$E%Z
MTAY/VS0A)9*=)1ZFJ!AGS PHKPF!![@!IY/9;\.!8

MC4VW5L*G3-NMO@X%K
X<$%'M

[AU/#M*

MRGS'?/=ZOE.!P9?2M2$@N/T$]2M(60(K#BM@Q5HQUON/&(/PXQ!
XO#%^0\X



M9?[BVY&N_E ?]*K/L'HJTL6^
6JN
.)D!(_3!Q/GJ=D6^XIDO4&^G!8

MSK-/]=9%RACI?:.B_


1+MX7


MRT#83J199A!0I8='


MV0BP


5\


ZE%\Y'H!=]*&'&Q6YD77V)'7AO<+(]R'+1X_
'^$?

M7=BQ%3G08$O[=1/9L.'0FL%CKDH $82FNS:/G

N9+TPKPC?

M:9_F=5K[2Q\6WX.5%JX#K!.B]
W


HS74X#%WTY7!?5I
$*&4QDIC!^T15GT1  &\B
D9;Y]]9M
IV

MM4OV?P(1+H!ZS@

2@V(!/K;VJI#_WX-#

V
P-Q-C%#

[ETGXT1WY[+L8ZPS3)HV?*&$_RC]V:+HP

/W@'9_JHAM
MNEP4N =B8?SLF?K++Z5



MCO8C(+Y&GQXETDY\URX:F]I6&Y


MA*S%2=S:'+0UL.8/5[D_&$^\84.

I]P+2V*_^JF==.(E=
MT 9HM-

.R
MB+X5CRS55'@@E8[^X9E:O%L31W3+W77F3B0OV;*)^+1@#JJOOO0V)):=
W;.

.E3-$-GCNXQQ-'
#W;-


Y-

 %(IIGJMH49@
;#[*5Q +SFT68
_7)A

MK__SE[7G*/_A





R?OQ




(
M)
.R8'ZNF!Y6#?1R+.:$:9TP3;%-QG'PHSPD9NNDN:$Y&9'2-9EE6)7URWHG

M1'9%[RZ!#






M)[#](NL6P)TBW%+(%MN970G.).Y=4*J[@*F[2PN$Y--75JQN-6

MYNE?'CDQ^KRX&M%S-U(KH.4&^C6C&A'S'?/=*_CNW);53'?)@L'\QORV+[_]


M .





MRR+&(L8BQB+&(L8BQB+&(L8B=A _[=3%BT_3Y$7KA7_=^9'IEL5BC%.[A$HV


G+!


$8P1K)ZGTAG &
 8P!C 3B@(QBC&*

M[W+.I1D$2QB:9LYAKM'3FT/[@N !2=D$@:T-L1J+=
QQS''

M'

!8P%C 6
!8P%C 6
!8P%C 6
!;DWWMO

M0
A+ ^'
75.K4<]
W2#AKI]'?H'A5D7B218Q%C$6


MJVQRZN+%QZGW$M^\CU@A_E1$(S[P
AYL*+*@E+-D[^NIUV6;)7&_ZH6(.Q

/)Q8UNY5 &:


MWC] /N^W83KR$91:I^%OGG0.A[I1WCVXMR&$]9.WYBJZQDD
9W)@N6YV*!)
M.AV]US-8D[ F88EY82+MD5%:2+TNK,\ZA5B?QU28AR.%0B+RZF+RWC$)M=!
M(F@UBFG7*[1VN%3R$S^P19#0T5A\TT+?=6SMO]OTSRE%S+OM\DY:O)9JIPT&
M#9+[YNK5TY%
/HG!V\4L8M4J/SY#SZJ-Y8Y5&ZLV%K&WY?=5(8+[$H]%E$7T



C
8(UQ1EB%&
48Q1C%*OX4'1?





#V &



)W\(

/\P_S#_
/_4DS[
M/\P_S#]OAG].SF.K492D7O? ]BN)\08#*^^[0]WH5']\9)VY=J7
$?GOQ558





MK@4^DS9
MRZQ9PG75






?
W!T3A3!SXY:Q8WV-!KQ-S+0^[T
M6T

M$P.I(L[!Z%-32OR T)$&VS-8 ZTUIRIYD3:HQEJ'@PP#,U@B0\L1##U@[DF
M !!5KUZ]


MN_=]^Q'X3/.#)YL+GVDO3!I\$K
]'\@93_X ?8#MY)5 2[LPD4Z@#J!YJ0R
MF2!%TF:D@S&,C.CE&K0]E$HY_FR\:.23P-$#5LZ(6%_$A#C(L'@0M9Z!9
M,U@^$2+R6DY@Q?,0UM.B+VSP#J.$?RE ?@_NYCU\MXW;GN2+;3PQQX4EKID(
MLKW ,447JZ6!?18([1'_Y?G)@!2%@'(GJ=X*1#_B9V QIE-%AD8I02_2]MT
M -N6:;2_DLF\G



MNY

M(\9L_#@T/3NL0S9HH_&;J%_
1PV/TP6.Z8845W[T@Z]@UY\M A]C7
=4'K5/



M9LT
%Y$T94UIOT)#.ZJ



(
JBD]V#BQZK?U7GGQC[JL

M2:_9X6A&1B5#-_ICO6^4AG;[T[01O


-P3



#=@?H

^@+*WE+E=C.X-Q;WAYWCZ_'G1[E\9ENW\MK\;V;H9CXWIT

M1&@)W$0SB7



I@ ;^*L$!#_/MQ


N^






YG86

_@F
=KK2ADY;
@ D)!9A.N _;C
MRY/0B/PPN$W]K*U+PBXR25@9



M;+/5*7H_P@12I:


F6F 40#6
G?.ONR@H0(GD3?)-RD7=B$
X0



MNF)FT@T+6= EL! R6H/


ML84[OV 1P)\3W_^JC '47EZ.6&3V3ND!4]3]^9M^+R$4XIG%?9%8V*Q'SP


MLL)XCH&5/T68;F6]E#\X$W)M




.J%KM<HR8I8NEBZ6+





HP+



G*ME13EXJ/!6FF4.I2H3!).-EGK6=[1<
M8,C Q6H<F#U4HQR"W.9I46U8Y%+AHKC OMRHHB:IB4AW?S;-9)H&^KM!3D
M%PD!68W*L0NK8V(B0W@W$.H)?)22EF=:;\V\N8 Q8%^W

S_N#Z^Z%


.*\Y.






[S
4WYR^7


JW_.L;7H''M43+$C
MILTZ'6?=DVJ3W-TAX4_]C!=ZAPFKAU+
GU*$MGC^!P/P(-MPH@YQDKE?^2
MW.9FI4Y K5=4P




C


MC[$3^%K(4(%IHW#1K-


M$-HC3

9 =F#1!:;\





MVL/*[ !4+
(+:?42.AL=


MD !I ]UB+6ET$5X60B2 +_3




;@'A^1/*=5:
M'


M

VYWFQ(^CG

M




FY*QQ+#17TOUIE .5FQ8N0_0?H:.8IDEQ

.]-[E+1-4P9ETCPM#%2($R
MWI+\02
!Z@SM3GC3Z(XPOMF-%67ZC._#


M-8H

C#^$0



MVK:P2!4A-V
*@'R((M/W
IP#BV')Z;GI]+(^G&QZ:-(L7--2SF 26 *!BRDB

BG:--0 &C




M-U8[#.1HNR&$3_AX1)QB4!(QJ7 -78E5U+468T2T?KUSG#= G'G\3WT]%PD
MSJC.%;R9Q_(U)8+\7=AW^-Z)KXAA=WN\$X-+HB

M.J4EQ=17K
-4UTO?4HI8B*85.B(2)VG_SDHQ:P8C*^P:I)P))%@ZL_GYY^)
M"I()UO*0OBJ'1EG=J4/.G,6:I\B0L'!1P-31;5 V/TY$%%=/R+L3+S25$.


J

M C'#K0E8(/6*4B^=3AO4RQ=1# V0[2\#8*!ZOFGRCH'R($'ER.@0S%$6.]_4




M+$5.4

[F[SI'$B0PY/W#NG$2FX+-%&R\
X4QRH]





%





:PE3

MOK+))!_QY5=

YR5

M;VA8-@9* @J#X&Y;DF



- 5%5A6UHF]TU$SNS@ @R'3S!9SDB
MURM'XFB?C@QD=3@$T7@/!#XG2[^4
24A\$R!;[WFLY^'O E:9J9=!3+V.WII







!E$A+-H2[[![N=ZND9\7;5%(H6WA&G&Y#
MJDM2%J6YLQWH


MW

PQS0A 'U_NLX-O
M118FG0*6596SKNNZMX5R2( W

BM1X7;1W=1!6T-[%

M2#.._.0+68F*OGET[&CV83QNC=K]]F#4Z0R 2*/^]TD!*@N=CD4H/B1_K$5W
MLEGDBP]F1:DZ&PM


YV%2
MYT4D)?^&VKE





-
_

5A5$
M
OM5^N0/LN[5U 2FE]42;+%PGAJ8K*Z138=F1\!%$A[(2E..)V61X=#+3\



UY+0N+EG

MO*Z1T$ZYEL.%L/#&_C:0SL&R3)+H2BVP#?+3K*/I!)


4:M?;K$B)%Y)


 .
D
M0/4K4

\\V*YR-YKM6L)[-W6
-L#





?6K-AHP?0HEG@1?R0[
M:90
3&V^R=%1)$NF%U:;*UDB4 HM%*_$9T5394IAQRNX^
G4*9B02[*M4JNO
MA AVRUA-\G*#D=^3P@.P3*+ (4+A#)L;.
L+

I&RH1'@2

C(2YW+H/F2


M2&UQIF%P^$00#I%_XS*#2]9E67OE8E:,0;H60[N_^)$]37RJ4W,-8Y837#^
M1/V(9/
M

JG1'QEZWR@MOTOM5_^U6-
0F[K:;!6%J.X^AO7))7WY_]E[TR:WC2Q1
M]/.]OP+A:;^0(U!LDL7:[.F)*&T]FK%EC23?COD(@DDR6R! 8ZE2]:]_9\D$


1Z
MJK'%MA_4P@)KQ?TRE5^M!Q]K#5GNM6EL$)%J+.Z#4WU=\K8A ^Q*4.(.Z5&
M


%1/]3SD+?
XKNQ/8M]
M,V5G.\?!7@V80^ZV$FOGA-B<Y@B[VY1G_*-(P=IX&7I#!\AE
H)=6!%/)XE




MT$0GDQ((63&=ZE;8P68^LX_Q+9Z@'^A7A+M(^. Z[BI7W]#5]Y.[:%$#?+



ENBXXD9#+U?@T VM8(41(G@M?V.Z6&T]@VSH

HQLZ\8U1'AROYIWE

2D.50^S]ZJ8'DL/

M-Z



MXYMB6; 0I27Y;8Y*YG3R;5MYHR&7DI^ 3:?;FK9K;C%*0?_':^NN:&A7S6




7W(3;P*T&\R4S]M!=6+X?B3XR*5
'


4Y]N;-B15Q=R
MZ!ZF+:J*
?#( 5*WXDIW

M6!$[IAW_=E[I7\GIY$&3=OB8Q?J*3Q5QI_4%(

MSR(94S

M0O8J-






K#GA
M84;HDC(%'/6\3)WA9!
S.ZSG_1T68_2BT!SP


6M:^QB
MHU'S2O=4CU&:VD;B'?VFONLP^:F6D#-6D5979




@


_FLUPCBN&

RBS*WB<)R#P7^9D\1)?(12!@-IU8CS^C!9VE=F7.FECKNY
M8H./GQ,RBDNSW1'X)M'PG)5266#(K^S$3O'_C(]VFTH;B5[?AWHJ/WJ6^V

UR5IG-GW2M+RHB.(8S3\>
M2FO4MEP/GB#B3^6:?%3L'@IU2@ 4LM
SH#_



A_4X/N=<%AF*
MY-FI[].=PEJE N/*P&[2PLY_=:\7$Z#4Q.0H1A5AX'4N:(BJ20(ZPD?QL;[
M2M J(8DZ:IV!F0RO24'9EHXJNDT0U%+(R
?$E4*@SAJ7+1J;N9II4^Y33]H?
MJYODEE8QII/%7C&Z2[Q;Y.HJFGH?8K@R%!4'GG-3PL$2$YM^@-!!!)J(88 4


M)2%0 ! =O!0&GQ51D


8R?HSY2@GUY =Z+E  \Q8=_2*S
MV6$4E^'](Q_8D$NN:ST83$X7PL.2?04HEN^I


M#I.OZKLXQ=%!


M)A$EKH

M(%/(



M@U&



M/9&/*)^4B-+O=

&E]9S+A;)Q!87=7


MS*BJFRE'\6BI0\25Z'JL6]
FG@3EU+

A4UN*352]G_[J%3ASI$K3A3^'.JA:GLFQZB
M2-UU[Z0_5QZX[;)H5=VB*A*4T@N$I^TY2AJ4?0M)I#'.$\B



MG4SQ$GVA
*]XH5_U[:NK]2[[(#





*E@6IG;VH'I*]6;]7PC';&AC/5U

MVQ$ZY[9J*HK


+MZTA95QT'#&A\QL7B.0E=/79IP3
M
;2._=9(/ETGA(?.Q@9@U$]POYNZ#3YW


M#NMVS$9J20\Q


0!4M].EX6)NS+EFIF!N8




TS







MOS

%9%3?6'V*$1KGYQ2#(A&&@GR:N)5H




'?
M+R\_N6:[1;W
I19;.%KO@.+F ++KBVLPN8(+4Q3++K^9
QUMI:[2!-8RG E3

OX6Z ]B4QDU@L^4WF[:#169QH6R8QXA8I[5FU;.=@RYKF9&;
M&L4D;J
8RO8DR#ECY1THZMBIU@86H$TCGDJ4X0JH,FL_\69YUS6NOUB$N)+
MO-E0K?:+4QH'OU@;\K7RO0/W6N&KWDG?(@5TG!H;;*B

MFU.


#F
3#.$NL';[W-/%'6G*:67(UFR7;L=[Q@XZ;8L9T35:.N(P4F+]
M]9CGR9E(7S5QP$M-LJ/)X68Y635,:SZ(3KV%DO3_(9Z3A@HDB@)#,%3EX0*
MOB3._BN(ZR-9H_-N6^*Q&8ZCDU)%J9KX%?NZ!O?\?O=MD
?%L@I%]8*&6RT

.@^Z135*\[*%K/.^FH1)IS-S4LVJ]
M9I2=!(0

M5B0

S/1!(E0GPMJGA\#D8EI


M
8DCH
14!.@2&\^O

;XQ3
-

MLM!4:]$45N072:S*QCH\F]YLWYH8H3WS9@N#OW?U0!IA[WQ94PHMN1I;TGX
M+%@HYH'ER9R9E8
TX[RE;4#-SA\<F1RN<&%YB&5<I^5F-*G-D+2]/N%'4QG9C!V7:
M 4/V_A?NV9IX?#DV0.=M#2#NDLGW7HU3JXJ=;F6_IT?]86OLEXL0+6L]'PV;
MLK

/
UC6XFC\M$I(SHR*GUU

.XPAFPQ\]K*3O&QY9OE2/?2(CG:


9 F#^H[)4XP&IN/93X!7&=0U_@::BLOM




M^]RXX5?2AU0\
7%
%OY1$F#]W$2-X5X5G-L$Z'A2IQ- Y&:U59\:XN;
/M&3


(?A

;4?PJS#?F9GEU[

M:57A)E;R*A..HA ;
.MY!^9L$+7#8'+&3



M(Q



2O5?R3A#2;RA
M !F']U(723!8)NC@

MT)#?^G:O5?ULMJ]F+:I?-MI?N2J*E5$^JNGE9JJ@:W%O88.[HE7_5Q'=S1:?


4L_EM#;$*=.YLLJ8=


6J68

MS0^ BF!GY;@#1QO!X;-?BNO?]OA;3XC\=8_VRVE:\G7[H#SITZC2(&S4VE
M5\9[2RVX;+/R.[9(1YR9;KL3ZTUVD^^VZWX;[GJ;FW.35_


PV/&F;%FS?124Z\EE)(







M;YVMF)\'Z^O5


M
-YL41\N
95*6B







M$_/^RB97?5\JM^,05FGZK.L&&,%N9(@5H7%LCU(C;6K0N:=$P.9SE^ZM]-


=TA\8ECY_9



35&L
U=:SP 35!-6$JPFJ[3*JW9NK';+ZMAEZ;TK7;U75M.XBOMTI
FH',G\MV78.\/#,+,
M1J$Q.#OWAZ/&%.#.WSX^-TZ], (R^=L/<1*K'_Y:GO,YD.* ]37A-0?.:T[/
M_,')A? :X37:X37M





MB\IS[MG=S/Q)?XKEEN 2#Y9:WQ8;7

M
\=85&$UPFIJK*;AMF/:H35*L15K.)U?BC




?*

MJV Z56%.WU3'[WDU8

?L0ZMT]%O@]#?R!QKG&@U9FS

MLJU
MMU'UB:#^60&I
R ?$%4D\FV@FKU035]@O59+)M$Y-MT1'.#GT99+L1
M5C+(MO%H\?M I]Y5$!6*8EH5LH4VY=*P=B+&4R#H7]RUF\=)EVY?7Q.JE@[


M?%.67K9!5?O3^' P\ ?-F3)[[Q\0?^0SR*P]HJZA?]%@7RRA+J$NH2Y'=LD\
M:2$M(:TV2*O!=MC[3EH2




*)A!/=5I7GCTZ'PHB$$0DC$D;TLHSHM'\LC*CI F')

-(
M4&T7
HP$U035A*L)JNT$JK64-PDPZ8!ANIXQYSHEC^B3%L%[N4B*.
^\5(7)

MQ=U1VG




X
ZY&8;
Q;H\BA$

M^X[DGFWW3CTA%:F!S
?!X-!K5J0PJOW\6L&RO:Z


L)F.




0:)*1AR/FX9#_*N=LQ
HX'ULAP9?MQ]H\)0[\


O(T&#G?6Y;T;?*X-4+82
QDU




-AX+Z7
MSY7W)EG C=]XJ5HF*;9-QO*
L8K55'/X.O-T3+_$DW@Z5XOUPHT';H/_Q)__
MK'

XT\3[
MDL-GV!0GP_J4#W&8+%3/
W ZH]_BG.%' VQ#J4LS$'L#K\
M9T&DUEM;/PI8





NH=-]:&4LA%R&7O



!\5I;(6H
O





_JLP(!115@Z(0^




!<.4^USB6!)8(L\Y([P7D'PLE@6P7QK8![?_#3\H-\;GOQH
M6=2=^ZL)PPS?#O1$!!4W0PA_&?C]_KK#\S%+(2@(/-4U!
 $;C)-&Q\'B+EP


M9FO\\5E'



KL 1LMVEBT1H'Q9:H700J+
M5H$5C@MPT+:

M'$5)\HU^;@)9L'.3!X%Y$;D'Q\@3?BQ561'9/(]@.C6*^XU7Q!G@3P#OPI
M1]@]!/H59CEPP$?1[TTT-\G6?\;+_ED$
6 BQ5]BO

Y1X!S1;J;Q(DW8^$JK:]H5AK' %'1_#M;)
M5&491?HSSJV8P&:C9
EQ(+AA7*^9L
XVDFR( C=;P)^0YB[O+A0]C&0R(#!0

^ *:I8-]I(\&^
ML[

@$U5I!M7OW?-GU $.;YOH;
M3








V4=<B@<?



!7Y*_<W*M14$S4IJ/%9N2OZBK<&:(?'INE% 
IT


P

(ZZ:\K!(]9!S=



H.UMUYK<2C]EP:Q=;)\L


M\4=JXSOB







M(3 AL!TB

Z%XF92[R0Y* V=4V3AWE+%R#\[



M$((0
2%4(53Q *H8#OW3B\8Z0A!$'L.$&(F!J$*H0,2$S()X69FTO5_]

$QDEY6D-:NDI;(+B$P


M3 ALAPA




M$:PZ!JR:)
4X4D\BO):#OD\ESK\\&_#NQ

H'@VNKE!@


+(.
3)1

C]X9#B
A0N*5Q2N*1PR=MS;X;^R5D'\F\.
M@D


=

M9RJ](H3&)_*YXE\+&0D9 1F%^TY&?\0.!3!Q^%Y6A'
@ V^BLQ42:2S,,CF
M'MITWB*9JCS$J:#(-=)#(\(N0BY_/)JLN_D\G6N


MWB*X\8(H2SQ^!&1HU1%[Z]8F.E5A#K(7:!^(.P$U.+]YO+#.YDF:'Z'=7%?0

7W[;GTOTB#\)P@3?-U//HG\B/C.%:DVSC9(3TM0[C. 7=N7=
MV[G.%M+*4]@IB6U8[ J_-/KU,H'#\R+(%IS'+6= RYG)O%J/8S:PU)(X4#X
M8J
.C L=X7UGJ%=

L\XU
M_ V^@_65G\XU;L

;[XXP25:


.D:II!*I61F@U

#E
[OD%A5

M9?%
Y860K0OV
)X53YJ3^.$%KW5$HJFV+.X75S/2U/5UFY/:Y^M[W7XFCD+%
MO.$G;[4$*(IRYJ'-


PVTQBA89NIG^X]?5C/--NO]





M
Z$'L8D?($H&;=!-H^![:1DS[#?7LV+?U;

[0\:<#AOS


M)L7>#=R' B&9JED1
ML] .-[7Y(TY5F


GK95BFGN]SK1





\)F
MA
VTQF:.S_W!0+0983/9H3-M,AFA,4(BQ$6(RRF/1;SZKBQ'HEW0J,BE_;@
MTSJW-N7+/Q'^(_PGT?PG[/V!QT= O\Y](9XEXL$3O@O*GM^ $)UM0'8D\D*

M'])+XM[$U)41*QVD
HFK=X?8=E=:8$)@0F!8'=[7X;^OW3]M/;Q3
&/;9I(0Q/X21-\_[@M!$$(0=@2(
F^%EU*


;-NL/
.R5L&+*EXTO1HI;J/[7CYW9LD




;_DC'P SSGT?G\!MG9\-'LL3:






0&?(!Y(
?@5\(/#B O$#



%6X3$#($^J\QWLU\H PR)L#
P/EJRV4]OF/G!4!D
MFN #D

XS]J/G!VBDXJ

OD&

U



M.D+9&I5N(


MVS
-N^2SJX7$Z)



 YLS0&ZI@D+IOA)LMAI^(KG28Q
M/MKS:/)55*Y
8:V)GDX19AA72P!-7
C@G;OY5; 5'S
BT$GQ'2-U]JT11NTH
MYV70_[$

M7?$K_1




Z@-$)JM+[H&
M!ZAO
M5S%W@G^[KXV3=!%$]:O%WY0+4[JV%ZHH
K_YVP_]'^CO;!F$]N^'$Q+PTYF.

MJS)-_GQCR[+[]\CBC9T=_WAW'O[&


MK'TBL)/C8_]DV/X
X7TA




MZ]1DN^YD6_N#TX%_UF_:4-@.G:[@@QC?K2L
S\]L=L)




M


MIMKPG_CSVOCZ2P; '

MS+@%


M!.QG=I5YB&F9-?[QCNK#'





M?LLN.(9KAG_#K_ ?AOI*IH@SUW#^F8=_\9? ^7C3ULO[6SF)#-&6AH.#UJ2(



M;LCI-6HZ0%G:+F[$H1P4UY ?^6341MY&L*4ZJ
&-]R\:AG?IOD5$7'5X5+['

M]S(G?+
A:%ZHK5BQ15FWC&$C?4*5!HAI





M512

MM!GQ#BRPD86.UUOS/FH_:
%P) A!BK
V%PFP9.7VF6P.COD\51T#)&!\@Y!D
M$XW]$93A1MX!



& 5G@P9F*
162';G 
1WO

699HO\C+11KG6M P:\=?PP;LL4R


'WRK?B'TE87%6UXB+''3#?P&X




P.W!
MV2]



9V [O!

8)
M%D5F\ 2[BDC2SD-0G:'1H'3D%80



$ L6RXDI)L^$


_4+0W\Z?HZYDLD6


+/+JK[&4'6H;&KT.UJW(ZV3G?*K
MS^_#!EFG

WIXV





71#:@PC9*Q
MPJAP$16(BF.CXE^
1MN2LO;GRD]2N%8QZJB+3J-_5I5]-='.:IKP1DHD'O/6

M]^'I;)0V*&U.(6UZ5D?K8KT]E#8H;5#:5%_=L]_5.KJ\ XNJKS]*&Y0V*&U.
M)FW:8-OTL/4
2AN4-BAM*B[JI6M]JPOB!HV;;0E0^QVPPTGX!R_41:91./*D

\GB%55P4+7E@IAH
B:ZMF;*ZVB F$!

M
8&80$P4F# 




QA=A;%43)T)L(;806Q6%G#!1*&'T#M%
M]*KQ:JTF64*5UL9/)T,6D7!$7/H<$R_@02TO=#?'L3!6CK%R?E\?S0@'! .


MZ&_$=U@PI_B^@N@/WH3%Y-[(E_"5VY81&CUZ0#9*F25C\D

I#(H'A$4(JCVT]A&B5CA5$Q1E0@*HZ-BG\Q

MTVV;FMF3UI!
<OYB+@+MJ\P;NXI


TJ920A^?QY0-:1GL _


M;4

/U_#1AR[5G
4:+
5JU8B&-#] BMA!;


M8_:N^/#^)8/


MVY/(;



MR3A

L2U]' :=\9C0V35U(




M)JV@JT+TKJ^X:DZ






F\&?X3#[3Z!NA@4O^^/BY

X_OCXF8RB< ((7;&XW T(K?BH9EW
MJ9$/'P;U*2 ]'A,IFD$L@KTU10$9.G-=I2M4:+K(J3GC+J)]=XX NR(MS'



/\R37BUDIJ+1F-E+O7V2B8;D]7Y:5<UMW_


MLX1Z/BC#89@FI*1'B% D9$&3@(*


@E]PG\)M*&N:N6V=U[. TJEW51

M5IFR%8VLM*Y;?@);SOM.^7$#



N++OZ&N++F*F.1-+Y19JM
MAF((Q1*H=7W=;!+B#2XH)RI/^'6\]^AF7^#,!9^#D\?V]KKDGXKTK4+GJ/


P4+



]ANV]J6ME^$F].(EJ:CQ9068D.T(%I4I$]U 3A^
M8NGMGU[







N%WN3;



MC#EGB[$__H]\SN%S*- 8C-WCO/ZU==\JE1M[&H?DB46L^






3'R?BC7I -DJ9)6/R0!7#%+YD]8NA F'P;@AMF=!JS=\6'
M]R]W#E8;.'.U:J[








M*\!K_84:^9-%#G5#XHIR@(_
AR^8DO=*YGOU[;Z;@E.

%\S+R3WK<^M2\S5PP@?1C2.I:8JZ!;1--R\1B/$





M8E#R/-RAK+K2GXPF


Y8T1@
$ ^%FX.[0!C5J\(
^\
/

UW

 9N

MZ[#+E9MMS=:QI8\:)HQXE4YVP:E)$K)T^UW=S5#E[?;AE(2I21*215X%:6D
M1G9L32KC[:DPO[[Z26D.HT?L$D&-E]!OCHYK9OD*_4Z!J@D%]QU.#VS8\I
MUPO22
6DRD%6VGXC

M3]Z]E6X5*=[PQ\6&/U7%&JN;L_R@8


5 VT!KX(C12O27RO[2?57GO_!8YA[$:0I^


\
M&MUJP488?CIMFAT*
!1@._2.TXRV/\(!1@*,!1@*,.*
!Z6L=& 79Z1U3A




M$$6((D01HBI 5%ICDK
')IXW[ZZ*:SX-4P)%:RJI*$M:]DU==L75ZC02QD

!=GJ'5.'PD3H%W[!J







(Y@'H8\18Q
&%%;')1SN

M:F





]O8C8&]M/-/4#6D.#+(:LMIF5MNZ1$)-1-UZ6_  ZDG@
MONYI









U('S4'[M4YFVA_*K*B-N

MR'MCK?*

G
/H&U)Z%W[KOQ1-9
M$(NR:!KAC3N)[]&AYWO)



(#R_5H7CRSN^*9W57/[+6V?61GQ2
S 5D\
M[G]ID-+H6;QKZY06E!PUEAQ.TR7'/QD




D3


MTNS'U 
MP


79$L.;XO3J9BXB&8S
DQCX-@8_@3SIYF#


PXI@!-3+D=





?+


DL$X5_

G3Y44B

&PC2F@1MOG<*#876\]S-9.J'SXR5<R\ VP$;


MR! /B(?:X\'4# LU1

M)+K?ZYO$[MW'M3P+K'^/?5N7AKKG#'F-Q\CCE8-Y!;ALCTR4?7.]B#F)_TRB


M





M7@#I@/B0

EC:FU4=+L$RY6V:9N1$G8VJ7N
M=/J8NX



+DTAD,)/%U.9U09%])DO(
_B#@3CB]QKGJL]=#F*5+[A/X383W
M23@B=X$33IBX(B/
+.D[)\W7UGV+Q.R1W]&J-1.4




R4X]Q/=


(*\05X@IQU6A<U?U@FTQ:?IC5]0ZC


M!L4-.E$H9E#
H)AIK)A!JP;%#8H;%#?'*L./1@U*&90R*&50RJ@E94K;]+\D


M2)P.8\_U:/1
O$!0@2\27

Y[W


Q.R1W]+:-H%B(^IJ@)SN:9!CM=IR


/1&ZRZ?FA^//*%=M5


/0=[-'YT0F
M7S(N2%9)D5U51)%P^M)C.8G:X-C[3@$0$_KO

M]7F2Z!.0+&&!E@W$P.D4YCB]UST@82;\$O$:V'EQV1*(X[N;&+A8H+FN=_



ASC_GJ:(0OHLM9



MRM]1NO)G37#MB +3CU(?$.^RJ;=I8/SR\G3$[(3@$@B'91&HC),
C-!@-/

V(PX=7MLQGBQ
O#+/T

M
KJLH.^$?@/2_CMU'S-S
V*/-.+#$[




'.\E[Z-DT/#WS2 #W_D-8)G#S[GQ]AH]0L=)(VWA&;.86#+F4=FM






M^YU.8_:N^/#^97[B?%#EPCWS'$=S90VG[6O_9&.RVC^]GD6Y
F4SG].!M_=/



V/1

M'DL0WBJNQ\]NFMYZD(D=X1I3 ,WKJA0KSYERH;#T?
;E)_Q[4S% \4AT1.



?9ME8TM(ZL/J\5K583/$T#6K
MV]8

;5.VT)1@Z(&10V*FHH-F[[5U;H]&Z5-



+@3:B$.@2 ^[#\N+RA:8O
M@W)]T4/?(9[8(ON#13D)KU+YHJ(.JZ3*Q







NY*' YK_KX
M.7O(R\*G'



3 




:!]9A$\?J:!U=








MGW3M?N#
MZ^
VJ-Y#U)@'BYJ(NJR$







MCRT4SJ%0KMC:&V[?S3:J,(-Z#?-@\(ZP



&EF]5[HS[Q M'*.^









M]#6[6_W!&E5XHVH%C$XAHJMT7[NCZ2;F3*
#O&M+YCS*=Y*N7[5#F=$!'7:T
MS%Y5& 5]284T5N
@U=9
6W:;V





L]@-MTX0-
;




MZ'MC:&:[J[7[\HX!OT8=5?@!_?33YHRBL#E#86/T3*TCL0W0N0B;DCGT2R+*


F;O3^
M;O_KX?H-\5SX <CTMFW=F/I5O].UK4'_ZLJTC7YG,#
MFW=7'8&EV]^?\&I




M^]17QA2WCT1E([



M!H.YB.DD(2E.0PR*TQ BPN
+7TY6
!69$IER U-^#2(&[_HO







5+%=M6N!&#D*L

M2@TS69+W=Y




JV0ZY#K






RAF3G&BV-9
6]ZA.S1X4!*A)$))






SCC@=MDNN
M]?;M




E:R17PDSV!1/O@IJVA8?1-5

?KRO$Y$+:(645M]
FGU
^LN\]4@LQ&UGK8EX9$I
M)E^NV::FRXNDOTJW6K!1U78'FA<HP% R2OQT[/E;1=L2S<
=:!X0_&&XJWZ
M*ZAV9:\WBPHWU^H7Q#^::*?)

M'?R2\+;+*Z\O?187$8?Y?DZ;W][H;\1WF*I3?

']U[&

#/M


@8#PVBW+7N@



=!W
FF5 %KH@9Y]:$_Y%Z$?E._10(



+XH


MO_6^4_;


MEZG:$1OYS

R!2H'

M'C1;IT

3;*8?]#*T@
X]UZ/\ 9R3L^R]=[B+
R%9H-)_1
SA@KTDS!


)C3ZQC)9
M
=\+F8V-I &?=N0YC#P$2+J^_.GN]YHQ'@W9S**PHFX7E2G+2@-;V*1_PSX
M*#T;;G1HH03W77A$A@D,/0S(._;QLP C&YWO_23V7IPY
TV@:QGQ8G 3B



%$YPB''(<<A



GK!Z8=^+I7

J1SCD+]PXP(T#C(2B\7UZ.=-HN-@MRT2X(%P0+MMN
M2V


M:!9U


M//X
MYQ(2+P8W@./21.X!P2':)#'F[11)Q$M]O+;5]\-%^@ML_T3CZ!N-;XL




W(\92S:W\MM6_&#KM:QM4:?'*2&K]YJDUFN6O8WA
ML:$94^? ^XULE0YXPJ$S:)\=!6K2-D8Y5V V7*L6%:)?/$2PV9)\/&H9Z;L




#ZP-M[1WU]W=W?*I7)
&?(^9[
M$R^@T3.9II$SYCM64O7XXOZ@-?U!W##EQO4A&X1K5R=_FS#HE[8B52&Z/O@




UQVB1T=)8663(8N(

 B^
2! F//6=/HL=?)J0=JO;_DGCGSZP[\PG
M!O&::IH7XV&H1I/%%3'5G4X47#!RQ^:FMV7UBZIF?7J\8 ZB
41E4+H[[5

M.U)



UZ
M




M6C&C_FTP)'J:;AJ('2=M]YG%/M\.VPG+FS_;5R!8W''7 )L^6GW34MIEMI
M(-6:_B!NF/(=Q$

MVR+9GZ*UX#R

:;

AASONR\D)*=Q?PYP3;'3FB

MWJ[UZ&NU\C793*F7RX+T*0W76!=5___9^];FMG%LV\\]OP+E
ZGKKJ(=OBDY
MCRI;MN?FGG22=CQSJS_)&2Q0Y$Z?,3Q_?47(U;LF4]00FDUM0Y


M6[L1FM?V


FDN

M&%@


M2;\/:
K.:
:;_1^R.+\-$UI?,O$G]EIQ)]57OVU_W3A\Z=D9_??(AI/OP?
MOEC

M

3MZR* P3/W-E+X:
M0CLGE.KO(LO#_GWU51CSA2(_L3O3:1?FIHHV*4DN

MX/=D\ C);$7PL%(1F^JE74#5VJMJBN5+0-7:JVI(=-A]#O
&PE)*G9#6(-OY

M0@[P/&EQ4ZK


L3\L:)(3]

M


'4^OWLHQAQG)1_# ?H([ATLK0ACJ&
MW=U6LVMV+3X
OBF#;XB33;D-]=+N73FR6A0
JU2))M0QA*JACB%4K76JUK8Z
MAJ^;\QM(3X+VH8IA.X.8:BVO5*2I




MGA^JU]#$V'#@ W.MYKH[F&ELKOZT*







?4W^+W#YH7_-K[75HM+5.TI8MM+*MT4MJ7

M2/3X#UPCTLI^HFE*XULV+THHA8';*':WP8:K)!+LJWTZ6T[4$8I,CS\%)-\
MD!091WF1'2'WG1J_
[B
$E)G.0L(R-Z+[PL&HE9+AQ+HY0-PV)8$F809CX7

T'1=I)_7GT2G
MROR+^W:#K8!VVR?;3S'UCHFFBQLT1W1[DWW]$:[PW?:S36DZ]Y/2UOBL9U
MN!A1Q[8T;WF'Z2)=485%ZM[U 1
MQH2KZ]Q

.OW *G37! 6);A)BM6YIMH_E*
M/?LJ/NO/5*+QA9[^??S]F/12%H0YN:1^&(7Y/3D
6#^
64!N&
?S[ZI%FS2:


:853

U
M)N=L2.-5VMTV17#-71;:8R!WI!5N;;UQ#&0!6?#NJK=1:^M^[(\BXJ
MTI3%

O
8H5O.Z%0U!PF-T*AX(H+M811U=S
MNJB9 U?4&EN?TO64]
FGE$6BGK;


@JIZT?!_IUP:]):)K9QU




 REL1?DLT/#658S\3H2ZRS'

M]C3/ WBW ][-?6.6V_B-X-1F3R
1WQ@2_\6^$$8LG&:J+0N-8W=3LTQ3
]$+
M'*@ *B90X;J&YLC;];0%%7!@+79@5?%8_)\T@]C&OO\;?E;93EBW:]E8'@


^M2TF^4&JI


L?Z'@\MS49?T3_NOZ_,#$@;\^KG





M\IN[











M_Z;*!E!B:%@-&T1+LRUY3KY5AMI@C










Q[X\-6U;


!*IC9

IXM@D]^+O(
M\K!_7WT5QIR=\Q-;G*Q



Q




MEK&
'-[2

JM_Z6*:J$XGTH+67O Q['GV?5C3Q48

M2/

^CLH?\

&IA@



M;V

MSD9)G(5EW]C[LF\H):.'WF#\PRC)\I3E85J]RY.7L&Q.RG]I&

M?2YA?E4:9C]$Q]*H;$V:)^4O/[M5?%5U/25%5EU%^WWFY^6_/ W_F$P)@S^?


]+SG[.:K



4S-
J65QE)%
/J9=UH*H]A0\-







%#-.7$7.33LFC

M?D
\YDS1;B


M?4[$F[-TN):/Z/&]-VW'6;/GL@8


!9_
A(E&0IS+255-$J5
WM(PWFDJP1X=3K;A[-&Q-<NNO_F.*I
O[KM)B1]Q

\4GBFMUI,J\[@I!]1I/+5S)S&N01RR5;83CX-86Q<
MYG9VQZUG-*]K;
U60H0








M'_!GE$7R1RP5B=^BUGS

MHAJ'HW$5


JF
]XU35'


QDOZC_$BXH*_*+J_H0W



6S!DP%/!CQ[


MG2 /H=M 7O





MFV?B]BB

I/[ Z_9N*'S(W-
MA($(;!?Q
/PU2#G!)&7]B(LW(SG_QW& .Z$92?HOZQRN\Z/GS&?#&Y8^67:6

85LR%2OJB%N(])XRLK.7(+Q'_

6)R5847\&8FX@(R2+$]9
M'J9


H]W6OP 82E  .;P$X-H[:W+4^'7X2!D]29-QP

MWKI78BRX;8:$C7QQV
*1:_$V3]<Z76F)TJI,+RP?==:8YD'!AY@^:RRE*S2



X^!S2FS *\Y!E?S:%2D+OL97S_2E&OU

M!@R]T6^/P6/P#1A\0^*WFF5903X3K^OL6162%4J5-3NF4CF=@WR6Q.2^%0;Z
MS'ZRB$CO.095VE=5DM[M$:JTKZJT2KPG5 FJ-%.55CH];\CV4K$B7XI)1UWL

O+Y1:%V 3!*2
L:!PT#AH'C8/&
MJ2
X:-PZ@D
#SOQ=+QD.DR#
13^7O$A91L(XR].B#+^J:KN.9$JB0M?+6^
M


O[C

14]QN[O5UO]-MC\!A\ P;?D![%
MRNVR()\E=Z$+NQ0OVR*\L5V


91J!4%: %:*

M!HBU 6+8(-9LW;;
B$5!0[68J'F$X\!I!C@ #CA0 BZ ^ N  NL'U2\\RQ
M^=;:4^IC%-*;

M;9WI?6AV7=F*TNX^ 8#+'L
H/I]T/<@/V@+W=[JI;'\\.B %B@!@@!HBI C'L('=M'K?,D:Z
MEEI4U3Q&


M)RZY
YJ%V;7XU6LNB[
H\7]\_

GT[

MZO4

M2HU*DWA$?XNLCSLWU=?A3&GB_S$[O!K9K')_'8L!^R@-NO8VD^-/
3 N23
'KO=:3VS-Y=WGW3?5.IOUF

-H -E6X )P

I6;

$. #^##^H;U#1!3 F)61]=TM_[UK2WP
M0K#ANU/?+X9%1$5/^DEO8RTM1VH071.82#%U4DX^T!_H#_0'^@/]45
^T!_H
M#_0'^K

'!7@J  0:P3$
M#BW-[. D'



M+X$M Q@

RT8H'R+BP&_@-_7XS=/
M;A?\!GX#OZFN8N W6*&P0L%B8+$]8S''M37#E!=8!P:+ILXWW^:4#W_F]1-_

 ^JQ-4DHJ.





M- X:!XU367#* L:!XV#QD'CH''J X:MX[@&N(?4:OR\W5* T9B.F0[/614



!8H 8(/9DM_'UJ_Z.6  7P+6'X

\7PR*B.0O(I#NQEO8?-8BN4RDF#HI)Q_H#_0'^@/]@?ZH*1_H#_0'
M^K
W^M

A+Y5I5
CO4OZ6[L#8(K^JN


-@V;4G3U:R.

*PIC=C1@)4\9IOYF2M4
H5@3

J0OUI8A36_#N'I)6N3)^(MJ(2N_N0N#?

M.

B^$5'QJ-

!S'


-+Y_]/UY[[@Y4\J=#O!DTC(EPMT. SS4OB$HYUOG+@9Z=.86P2E
MI9





W
M$7T[#BC$X/=D\ UQ%EG(4PF:&Y!5BOY^9OP5XL-IWU!AN*S_=5:O-31(%
MCS&PTKOZ0M6@:K-539I/#JH&59NO:DN?/S5D57W=

M?II
*H
W?7.^^_?Q]^-=K@3*'RDW+E^DWK+DGJ-U=*=VF:@R^YOZ21O$
LKM






GF?)3+[9\ZP3\MHKOI[=
M8;G+\/BT)M:54
'N(KS3G.[O+!O\@
6D
#NV

MXR!\

MH[-'
7:

M%E 8I9OE)2Q2O\;[.I2K8];XC+%/8LI85AUG[W))4#X_$66$IE*&--M%$:&M

M-+.C#0WL)M 




WQDE





N[&3Q7ARAK.3.Q





M5 VJA@44JH8%%*JV#ZJV] (*HW2SC/M%ZM=X7\?AI_+



9?U8_
MRVK7D=5D$[$5%.KIC%2MJN0;PTIJ6[!] )!ZX03*K=.M!8O$CF J#29JA(
M;!8&J  J+88*VL( %4 %4 %4 !5 Q99:B.U1D/9WEN<1&S)^)PU$J37QYRJU
M))8&DU2!M@ME.%=7!VS-7:T ,  ,  / %KO?3$UWZP]OAV<.N /N)@,QL9P!
M5H5_.4
2QF6

 0=&H[FRDO-P0J%HZT6



M!K -(^N


VR
MY66L+!*

M58


+)#AQYO@VIUPT
&Y8^K1N6H1$N<X^$
2D!
M(Y[*IZ2?I


V' _V@_
P9S1]_

?-R5HWH
M*&

!E(\L;$Y
S1F^5B


MK:-[U@Y4;X$L=ZV

M(8)6;D




+P+08




_2K(B91JY8X3]
M\J
B8*0?QI3#D$8DC+

]ZU0W3JNUXK)S?G;JU9Y6


OS['QG5$^99KS!ZWBTP(J


3C=M3M:IXMK1LU
 %
-!\3
MAJ%U;&D'Z\ $
-%X3'1L2[
[COT-
NL



M#6P!6SMR[@!;P!:P58^?-@MHMFEQ.!0] ]77BO6K^L-21*J-;:^
7P



M;+

WA69[AN8:0(4,YX1#M*Z
M P(?6LK0/$_#FZ*JE)$GY-NW'GE-](3_A]\T3&+^@XG_8Y!$ 4L15:@2@;6G


KEB^D]0Y:8 O8VI$56P!6\#6%+:080]L 5N*.WN +6 +

U2!0]VK

MR?FW^63/ZYDW/82)ITYIE3Y^2AAS;%2?)W\V3M(AC:9^V!#7/#ZXJM[BLRAZ

?A6#WZ]V

MNNA(_D+5+L
T0U\!Z-HV=.T[\Y

M\6CQG*P8O2)R+K)W+]Q'3X]U1GGYD



MXIGKSM?-:
10EKZ)!*=\9#2:IDX%Q6NVJVNV@4+'8!NP#=BF;K9Q'$/K=L$V
M8!NP#=BF]KU-U]'




M*1%HJ




M(G=AD ].[
4O7LTUPW5\%1V8T]A5= &<@I(N1KFZ4CPV(3Q<OC7@
MO.&MI.





NN4$/7_IPBSL!P&'\ ?
MR3WY1M
?A

M ;E
DB C?/^3
5%U30PPY7MJ

2-\'I/M[@O1\$*9* MU28;L#J.\!U(
]




;O8H':@P6*M7V!^AJ3


Y;F?4!SN




:/HD1A_V0!:=9QO+L]

M$T9\\6 9_[=BR(+I1W
JB(78KEC_P\'EN?#Q_VG_=7U^0



M


A7P7N'I)6N3)^(LJ:Z#\IMIY*?W
MNQLQ7:E(@H_H*&


N63;U9


$9'PN..M6SN

M]+X

3@4 P[H1Q9V@=5UI/057F'.O55FR[
MG*7#NA'5GJ7+TJPNNLG PEO5PIL1NPHK;V










F-B.T5KV8^VQ
MC%STEX//0:$EK#W(
CQ4E06T *TZ%BW# ;1:YLNK=4=8 DO\_R41?1RS/!2]
MKY(

E;$/F.#F_P

M8BHJOM*H=.3-+^ZZ+Q8:/'GP7







J+'? %7 %
=#1;1TL?-;8PM&K


W&QGXX_F3-0M0(Z


M

1]UD3X


UT9?V)7


<VH\P!5G8H4@M+W&\O_YM@+I0EF3K



M:MX^U@_41-1$U







!P?\]L;\XW\#C
63+XOD?H='[*4?&&/

MWF$S3ZK7I9/KB&2#.$]IU$O7#K/BFZX-WG2=!0$

M#RO9P*K9%NN#KRO:*NYS)J7/TR69]=T-I[?P31HO[[[1FYBN






M^;F+0]:+T?K#JB[H8-5N.7MMNT)S(-A65G]B:YDU!9DUR;0[Y!:/U1DIU6BA
MJLSE.B2*[B]!N3%YR)YA=RKBOV5YR'70(G2JF[CSH@Z:A_RU365:'_FK*B-N

=?AWCG%:ZJ'FTPQ$T4[H6T.]$J
M9XY2Y]HFKC_1TTX])W3W[N4B57G\940]N\\S7C_:=FC;CG9?F3Y.]@\H



M




MN1.\I\9M:UEZ&M9FRU'Y8


5LKXZ?0)BU5)ACN?/TMQ7[%0K7=+HPP&5Z/W+/L
MD;%H+KHF3IT( [@#;C*$V&0CRUE





136-BL
Z(]ZG3$/LD[O-33E;=NWR07/7
MGZXP2Z\]_JN8B[(:EZ=_LF:3L?76W7VAF1S_Z[L\/7V@=/3^-ABP7AZRK_V;
M(N/L&TVRI[N2CWDG+G 'S/


!.@83@402[0+V&4@-BES56\&5S*Q*?J5^
MT@0!9_$








M-F=U^ZQVZ%.CS18JQS ]IW*)Z#+W6\4.L?A$]=L^D6F:SS2.NJV:NL\\\@SR
M#/+
N2*3C*2O\K<MD


M6#4;M:@%O[^. KLDCM2CU4#'Z';WV&J@UGJ'@2;DR+KH*G*D.EEZIK+7P
B0
MR)#(D%KH*C*D0H8T/-


M[A4U3:?5 


FRUL0R3

SG[Y\(]=3]^)E

U0=6-6_PJGV^ZH

M:4R-N'?W=^'H/R+R5LE):9DKW
%]! [S0EV?*F!6.S1YOK*
/UTF&AU&?9:=



.9QC9<




M5!?*07C&ACM+I/@J#G_/


X[QJ/'4/X.[XAL]P#
M;&W1:J_*IR_?2MT


Q:@8Y9QZYC*YMG;!$50Y[;1@?UV

M'S78_(



M=W%&0]0UU#6T!U$'CT 'B[67X*+2J?I(HN1F%WW9&=&MQCMZ'&S27C3;.;
MIE4Z#[E.:+]+!NM'8*4:W(2HV2X#9)K&

L05

)=1 @MA%9]H&4;MHLE




?S$;E[06Y--@2HE
WK
MY81

M





PO#$ZA(0PDBTDPD3:Y




5I\MMCL8S?QV&ON
XD1W0F6)$L
MJC(A$Q40%7 S!;2D BJON(H*B JXE@+:KE3 M8

J$!4S5-ANU_!L93ULFX**JH+$
MME]W2_8NSFB(CO6A


MW_
-MX






MV

-K*VN6C8!!P#0=





OJ3I1A+J)[H-D!O&]#;B_/[D.W$;BMG
MHQ8[

MLZ.Z;@.R)+(DLB2R9%-8TK

@ER6'E_Z7!I7R-V.F2
M\BS;?#NG@PXH7&G@ 1



@$RP=I
X+BVX;G*WM;H
IO(!
@$R 0;#+IC.!W3


M=Y25#-)%_S%VAYC8'A/MCF&I*Z.%F$!

X+@:E$%V(KBJL

770!

9M*S1=D(B1*X2F1MT#-M&<(X
M$9Q:@M-W$)SZA*1ML^Y^P%V<T1##


M@KOC0Y:2+^R1W





H1:'@_0/6T5E91V<F6P@AH6<#JN &U820U+<22<]+%?4Q')%BDAO
MN4C_B

.%UKJ
M#2EYTDU*










3P<L2B5/2-O&@1#S+6
MN\W@5+C;LU^^1SQ+SX*



M7M/'[1Q@2Z%6V[MPKRHJ5E6*I2RDAXJ%BE56K+6S!G!]K#K%\?BVW'_)Y89[
MI#;ERH;U'1:4[?_D#ZQ'SD D](&13PF%JU[0C)$KRA/ROS3
E?4W1&5$YD/F

M731%G(?)\1HFQRO-?==%V]2EM^^0O:X-SUA^JXU

MT

M=)_[79D&:]!E'^2;
]8[)

WI7$[$W/V$5RXK*'EB!K.<2.</UB&&^
MVS8RO(J3/N.8\3;VOYRV







28IB0ML)(:
MY'OKMB7^]Q\M0J

M!@'*\PPYTLF
TN _.1=B^QP_D6\T^=
@L$J(-_SB*'CNTXQ%(/98)
6(4WBA
MYH6T_@'*\P6F9X@(M=\E'O_Z4DI
D#D#AH!_\AYC]E0083-]4_H5[CNQ0:






OZ











 GR



=$Q O$\3&_

A?'GDO
J\;LN<O1I9EZM9=&%-</4!7/Y+3?OJ[ 2S%6

5I
M\MMCL8S?QV&ON



6W#]I45K-!E


M0TQLCXEVQ[#4E=%3 FZH\)TS)L4UD!]:9@ B.[+PCWG$:T1PUR3A-^?\]H




$JM;8;9E3?QGDV4)TM
M@0349



M -UCC7CGM7+YS7&?.ZZE3/.V%9HN2

;[+
M*(QPZ?&ESZ5QA3QBIX.B'Z-EFV_G5





M$)PVPD*-0XU#C4.-4RTXW

J/[
?O(@QCC%

770 H3N$QZ0

MMI=H+30/ X?(DG71561)E2SI&9[_G'(DLB2R)(ZZJRI$*6;%N&IS!) UER

M_@'KZ*RLHS
3+!80PT).AU7 #2N)(2GNI)














MP@S3+$OX?5Z
*(L)H\& Q'T2YPD9)7Q(DR?X-^[E04;$M!28@9__%*-/62)T
M2HXQ&\0IFQR;MLC_

M[P



#A!?^%5JM5D=[J&
M:2FKU=1X@&'$.?MP^5.D+\OLY3B#PRJU%O(JSML)0#7-[QV1?MDF[N1X
W


S3#B&[V-;8HS&U3/5O3FN3]ML&UV%#5:W%9PN

7YIXA=[C



EBUDCMM!


M4%5EBI??#-





6)P(@W9)O;B

M'K_D\Z_O\O3T@=+1^UOV
&11=L-&

M=79XV+^.X


08&R1<^!
MN@,*&,/\+R @;A?2 N1.]YR#/QHQCB]&'#)])C&4N&XFE:Y [N1=
T'XXR
M'D

X(1



@_^_M






I?*/I@%S!
MS)._L]Z#NF0[5&%4X8UX]9N(:H'^BM!1$7/\%H/2LHPG\LT ^3A^]8(:BAJZ

MFAQRB= ^E4U=



T@S13




M6H=:AUK7;!=#'_6SNGIO= U8E+&D-'!_.WF)T^2WQT)W[^.P-\X#-JW%A@TJ



TLPA=A0[ANVHVW2'!@\R$3(1



MD:V-?E5L+:!1T&!



T2W5W#[:+-6&D\I6%AD[

A+(FL.9+)^T-%:R1GQDG
&B??!35=&P^B:JU*)K


M !]:OXA)73 I$G;4[7
Z;EQBU919X6X6]527[%Z[RWPUR&Q$K:=U1;AGB:GG



ID[WSKL



ME$B
H(;]/@N$JOT!!B*YSMA0&
.V#T<K\CRT#ILF^HV
**JH:J]K&K*6KX=NZKA4J!)
M4]F&R6=M'Z/V/L3)M3#5XCP%\VRC*@BH0BB?_?*V1IN_5$KOAL$H_PL^T0
%
MMVG

Y@FB5Y

MISI[[5J\F&)@LVW69:SN@?^*V\7!Z/]+
PYF'%AP(Y&M!Q]%XE11W'P5@&4Y


M/M4%X
2.I=///!4E%6C$XCPU1%V*#T3L+SG=W^O4-8W]VMNM?[ '&CR13W'8


[OM%.%6T3;ZB;GJ(IR/&$\KG,)'0^EN+,A:
M3%OB!

M#ID.F:X*IO

M?4A8T2L7
78

3DD25L\E./

&=;=/T#'F-

M-&.3HM$!

MOS?CP91U P!QB]RR.:Q]B3






N5ZX
[-J4

A/XN3L1SD(17(-+K*'M!@P*)582N&YB@&4_9?9
M2:GT7



C)O)F$L
$PR3RP/6(F?ITD[;






M 6.]M- ;^;)%!&W/P4:'5?V*!CSDV1-8$&$
A%F\*1'Z!H
=@.4AY='/QQ;-

M%KRWO+Q*E&RZXA
UT.@6%:\E%< TF2D2D03'O^M2O'40SGO\&
E?YVQ?HSA#3*VPW7J%




$?0SCF
M][_^Y=?I2?EP



M(0WGIV0NI4)9LNS)P=M!F$7#TGS+)[\43^RU^*/!;+!
&
MZ^(A!XZ2MG[

F:9C^$M+(JR?UU(\DM=^NVEFS=SYUHZG[WI^K4_?[^UK4F=)


R7T





$^7I*
MO1AN+(Y.V']RT0]!5@W)Q*%R$HJ&30O/OFD]G[6(L\RTWZ
\S6GX-;F.^N+1


M67Q.%B@4)0S!B'X4E1OE .%HGI!1G(=9\D3$5GU!L)/Z:1.)\D@N*[V)%$7=

/%*

R:TWMBSD$V/
M2F:MU!Q9\*\L#%&G


_




MP65_+\F])&QC3O)I?B_K^L

MBO\!7\A/^5

MIS
D  !WGP$ $    '!P8RTR
#$X
3(S

MFOCQ[%@?'7




MB/5'-2S=H? XL,EH9G-6.;Z9[#YXT-
' )W?;9W^4PLRG=@=*+@7 4/W 4

E7S_*HY1L=5 \*@Q+V&+O_N7K1QDTDBV'?L
#8E

MDO
G;

=Y#*0F
AZES/RJ@4VR



J837






MMSO6^^[650.N7)=OWJBV[XH8J_T0]?:/5J_*2H[P%S+L^%H,83NE)FSSF@C
MSCWPTL
N8Q3;!1
)&AA(/0U;_??\
\!P4MQ!K;7L=X1
P4O'R#L%CP0I2Y
M \J0U@36/VH1WIJ/^(]:$G7A121]P\6&/KGMCAE] DXR7()21$#WMF.*;$\

M6[;+K1C5NG9D%9!JU7HML1Z5C&N]Q:@8^WBIZWLN&\M[UNO:6X_!5E0_')-+
]#[WAE/C2T\SANSOWHG9278<G+^E6'I3GZ4G)F;'
M?.H2\]N*V!:D#C]%=K<'9*@$N)JY;^LS=SH;=7__/!K<]B;3OVN]/^;&[,\3
MJ]7<& /*BE;018R&%^7[;D\%0O!.V%:'$@+MAYW.VVJ =8#-PXZF*PC=6M;6
M+@ UZ\+YG%''^C#;D^;?N[U9FVUH78&=.^IJ(!6P*NZ;;+JS;/)G%'W4U<
MKRC-IVQ+Y3[?]95LGV\^F?#-V(&A=XR!,6O9[EYF*MN\^04&[?7%_)=NZR
MK&CG=DQF3ONPN2U5VZ^7%_)-E]D+&G?ELLMI.A1[!KW$6;K 0*V@1V7BOQG

G2.A^5AH(1H:PIH^ZAKM/- HR\*1Y_*T;SS)9=PD49
[XOR:



M^]48#


MJV!8J;



KON:\4=!D!-]]#%/R.3O)P7'FH9BL7 U);S.\E%G


I[WS8A9

MO+$Z?.HGB6MD#+O





M[)





$
TC6_




M*F$HK=(;62S)O3[YO3?3)L;T]^@-!![8


[;U02.E.!*;L\&7

ULAD0^:M-R%SC?4&F.YHT5UQ
MU\G G'





?HR.('
M_ICKDUEO

:TX@0KAJ&-S9)$ 2A:=9E!R
923WH#
M\8+YF+'H3VTVT8=3M@*U+! Q;SR3?SD-2KJP?T[4EL:
FPKZ\\RP-0Z4O9R=Q&_6JH 58.]
M4RH2VHH*_-C]L%PMTU$AQS.A!H4</]=V.@[2Y/I+I.C[)!,95B7XYXWD*<3
M[GNL*MQI=7@)J=YMH;QD3C%*R
M.H%V B.9CDI*ED_P4
3)5SX&T\IG6(;HJ
ME)-


[K8T[[(M
MU9:G+)WO=#;J_OYY-+CM3:9_%Z%/LS];/?IU8T]+0%(;&N\DVWLR[K0^)4!V



M;7$Y50

5

F(F*EN?G2CS3+C

I



M

V'7T,S/[#B23E ?/Y4C/
MB&XRPY=.&:P:?G(XYJAM =+9A^3PS(@< US<.+!\R_ZL!9W&7RRRBDT:V'
MT$KFT2Y=X*S$/M[&C5?$FHT;)S[YJHFE\WDE\9IZ%O 
'*4F]'J*D=76'R3
MS


MME$N)*8^L(DVP X.




TC79%%!091N7Y_VD+ #
M$9]T

4C2@
M1\2
;LL9 V1UMG?
;6$]?28B^
*9 FK/R&^=Z?1OX@HJM3DU:R:Q/0+Z3'



M
X3N%-C08=@]N:O]!D



M3$%^X#(SS[
$%U5O*KU[WT'\G[QV&+FC

]
\)?3V([.B!P1@G@X&[63]/12PUS18Z;3&J4LLU9H<.?R!
M(TM2R ;9F$4D(?O
6.D






%G9))=2R-%A*K&

[2A=])XPZMJ7:^ X!V=G5C_S74H;











-[J$)=VN[OW!G-+&WK3-;%Q8^ @9B-I8B?*
MA]#-);9:X\:.18PZOPO'O';A8: $P8H:KXJA,.4C*SR4]@G*XYP!ZZ O16
M' _[EXW 7M:&L55DL8I$0#%#^)MC^85S9 PCE/.N0%(R&K_VI6L E:@C6/

M!'Y&D/)XKJW_-H]_0;F(R'*-FD5HG-T]
.)U2OF3%
)L+R*X6N-C$IX[%2'S
M*'4[N(26FHCRLN:I$XZGV.3 HBVPLZJQH$XS:;J'P'4Z%U]DM&3+&D@#1H0.


GJ'']Q
MYKKX(?U



]@!1.(I
28XB826@1CU 

MK)(0FQ;ODQJV^&DZ_S%#A(




#PXBU, +O_R

 REB@FJV;IQ-ELN)[E[-/8@=0F_%9K_CD^9BHV3

$%     @ DD-.3FQ#U[$O





A?_IR&

MIS
[]O''?_^7'WY8PM%
1O%C3#_D?W__^.Y1(S?UZ*JIKZ=_\9/KGW*!GT[G





MG
)WL/([C+%;1P
B\)MM



M]H3OVMZAQG


$VO@;:;)OIZH:- $R?7N=[?U[_^
M

9Y/K




M7_KHGG15

[K5MNB
-U6 :1
Y#:MT#!R74^2LZ47DQG]756




;7= 5XNWQL]


MG=LI3?^.&D/G=DN/[WZ/:5VE9R2Z4_!V




M+ZS6:NT6JG=JHR3=.^X5G=HL.:Y[0;/Z9#=?ZE[[.
RXP5[.7I)KTD9V?'\5


M



M 1Q HHSL=+H(5YA9?!%Y='A(^NAV





PN6D621G&5^=V9MZ9D?W
M


MD!21Q$PBZ[1$TA(+?WDI$^.:JE8[P%'A7 [?5W$E1/.DB$/1&8D8MQHI#^!Z

(@(Y6&

LYA
M1+FA8=PA7R4#C$3I>*44/]/]*BV(
MZ;[2@+662B P@

M$(0





S]$X3I
M

6CILZ+8D_V\@XT'*A$68Q5_K
M<7T]O]Z8RZ2@O7&W!'_)S]G+].X47MNV4+%<









!--


B2 )4M(%Q!E)40N5/.[@ E%&


DD0
I#3<Q#3/2U<4QA:X]X@H,/TI
M0;Y_#0@6*TQ$8I)TN&L@W]7(J8?_ XA71;)_6HW7VB*BW#[+67+\XH5I8PH
MD13@AO

M



M;!GI\*Q4?1?
TR]^A]BI/GV9-+


M[!:2






=R+P]JW
M4M'(#6

#(LN=G 4*?-B


M(9#6R2&:J

X6*^S=^+/]\T6Q]JQ
112E




%!6DO0TCF.J-^GY6VI6$02O=8DBI@.L(P6Z0'+2





M^H*JDU-S3B^(%N=:79AS27&'-T_DH.XH?1YE]P9?;_/]H8G7]?RU%Y2OEJ_4



MJ1!-6$KG<B/(*SDFF#<SIVH^'COW%P_Y&T&EM!L&< HWQU]GN0
\CFDT3*F


M-!?MP;'^!]U:#LTUP\_N

MG?VYM$./E?))!Q@EDI@SY&$9(\\)0QK;&,QWG8Z 2J3#:5W9MJ!6\N?ZP
M_G2



^O
MBD@(S GG F/'GZCRD-Q_V
DX[@6Q==Q#K($VG58I!1F






H8C$&F@YSJ;YXYI



M2B

MBF S!8;QAA


+B
G%<;R&V+VFNO?;6^QHS3E'U:N/<2
]D?79[%U$Q3G^MQY.FGMVN;1;0T/J-3#<H%14QH%H'29&P(#B]QSAG#4'
M1(=BU
.T=+D;*\.D^[+6QNAUQP9[N26P'






_CX




M'S?7%$?Q.+P[/\TF_H\ODQ%
UG2YI;_BZ;DB]0 $?;@EX)F,*NAWU+4G=J1
M'?OXZ4M\D)ZMN//K@_3D^7CSU;EZ8?O85K623!-0FC!*2AB4K/&(RN0=O _
M)F
0OI6F
?C(VPVRPE)*K
/B!)D@;I-$#.QI9 03W$F.(^G@&%CF!J7?29OT

HIN112B()%AD&!-X0

H[PG@R+03BRTJ5YYH:7#7B*)L0$8!4&1&8UH-#IBXKEC

TR@Q @1$5-FNFPD





:-L[P


Q8'!+YQFR%@PXH)5*FB BX4._K:'XI?=)NMY
M?+FN&)6:^0_-2O-N-?DOE*ZBI=I8$U(SB+J0T24PA9P#8J2Q+N

M@#[(C!2


MW^B;O+UR985Q/I\22P;C]? +8A2
^DA=
#EL5* =#M/+&+@]
\D@J!6\.ET3

P 9923BFMZ].\K^A8W@T-8BJT^-]%.
%*8<<P QO10$ QJ08J#%
QF84=3PI#N\=2^41:YG[N@%IE(

M\%%[6*X*R@3OP=XP#


M%8H$ CB\#:;8:T:?K6!,MGO?L(5(-&D)7\[0+BQ?*5H& /6*=!OPP.&:
L

M]MAF'(J521=HFM6D9'ZH]/AD.M7#KT#@I+G=[-GTL%@EI?. F@4SU#/D

MPJU'V'J.P)*@R F6D




M.X-




E:G?]/U\=_KL_[D06'K^A66*?(@

4 $)
M:RVBACNAL24B=@AG









\(R
M9/-@F URN74'8QQVXHWM
%WF?U#D#B0E'FIM[:7$PUJ5PM9P(A8H9@4O:*1E
MSB#
\7!7E
]





MHX/37H#-)W[1579&&L\6T0[2I%G*K2'[O;1UL_9_G41E

MTV7]9PP?X=

$0VJC
,06AG)&UNH//%,T@1)2&AI+/'(Z<




:QR U

M#S/ZU/V];]B*O:-8$GX90_9)WH-37JM9.:-$2L;E''HY9K$3*!+





-T5OM^\5VW6D69




[U)*6Y7?)T?M/4]G]O?!%]+K;

C'I'W

4=(5+B@*S%#$5%'7+

MU^'@ODS0V4*

8T4

#$#
(!



/SVHJ34KZG!HH7X@ZEI^1JX!X-YJK[!-_;@F%KHP&NB*




MT


M:YP#-C @1E*.F




M1\2TP^%^3#S\-###(BEP#15SN*':;DJ_V$?S%276*IA2]+*(TY1\3H@!CW
M(6(9!5
=[(XRIO(1
!\3M]YY-'<5JO<-58;JI+W@;#(IT#D#@.AJ$P




M



OK'\NABG*\1GSR+-UO
M 4OP0QQ/ZT6@P 7XFP


=H09YHA((=Y( 
B%12AZKH%BB
MMH.3^OV]:!\\MQ^*HQU05-\EY']OVB;S]\F_;'EJL'\BMEIHV?%T!GC$HA

Q
/UO:.Y5Y-5#D!)DE;(JZSS&H%1

CI[Y$%JLO#-


26.I-0-M+ 9*

M:HCP-'9(L5GF8NN@'#4Y@BDIM5]W 'IHT?!@^J(T1C%'D?1.(RFQ0)(Q@0RU
MD7
AN#;]N&W\DZ4'G97CV\HO_&0\N:[](B;KS7H#?W=]8_/[S[LW\J#*Y'23




)1XR24M0S'9B
'0)A

MJE$BVB--5(XW1N$G4


M?34YS1ZM5!06GJ6$(:4
42B +*41@X4\82E3B%U.,SDWS6[]8GJ\9DX=Y([
MQ_/RQ^5\]W*DD-6W,WSK5YGY6@=WDWSU1QP!^FTJ%_B:T0\8./7BAS:.GP=

_JNT
ME#2IA*B5%HD@0=!:;9$R7


M



A!KR]?6
L;(6GE?#A4V


UT+I^=2;9







M6.;]

_-HX5LE^EL/Q#^U@T%46ORUG?NVN

MD\Z'G8@]CP!A'-=@:F7;:C)Z0/+?ZMF73W

RAJ7(YTK




MP6&M9$I'ZQ;7UT0^]T3J%[&BUL6#==*20S95JS3FDH?%$0!W*$:JD')8(!69
MM@SCI+I$WEQ]=H[?_2,5RGN^&TRBWGK_F4VN'.8J1%[2HJ+AEC((*=3
MS6+9


 *W&9A;+6O5I3E

M
3@Q
C


MZ\W\I\]9L9SEB[_\#'\%/_^4+2;Y=+:X^LO/?WSX17TPKU[]_'__S__Z[__G
MEU_^H=^__LGFD_5-MEC]9(HL7673G[[

M_O++MM%/F[_
9XL__ZO\OT_I
OOIZW+V7\O)=7:3OLXGZ6KS[NO5ZO:_?OOM

9Y<_E7_^\?[5HTYN9_.K8G:S
M_'62W_Q6/O;7B]GBVRY5)-_K6?+68GO

MBV %LEI

MW*2O%I?E'^7/FLM_NK.(FGQ




NK\O_N4#1S^F\%#ZT#?*OBMDD^%7E







-5K&E_%
YZ-!3_%UN=Q]9^





M\7

DMMDR2]

ML]5LNP51.68GI#ZKCS[E/G.T:]5GGWK=CS&[GYR7'=OI.X;1.ZSXRKRW2K1Y


MM/_O.BU663&_VU:26/ZQ2-?3V2J;GA#S9+O8\M5#LV[SV-+6^HYJMNY(UO=9


_GO1]T%0

MVP5LC537PPVB250%ZG:_*0L3%.ED?Y2R9CYAZWZCZ6=GR_3JJLBN2GOO?MU4


MF4W_\O.J6&?W/\P7J_#YNODFIR 



M4FP)E)9[H$WX6Z4G@=Z.STF*9LD\%FI]L6.S051J?IH23Q]-E
 ^+ P40MAQ
M(AWB %



M]IY?
[Q^#*Z


MMO!YB/3U[59UYS[F.V4K&++E[T6^/.8)G&J::$0\4\PS#[3 R&&/*[)CKH![


M?ZZW-8
/?/Z=OB/!U$KMH)0
6(K#TIE:5
$.&E.GVAAB$[I,S2@?7L/#W1\
MI-&F),;V!H)C\=-SNDFLIMX( 2B E#DAJ1=DCX2@J#&UHH7=HXQ,$3$;)(+U
M\&[)PD[CZZLV-1U/%!%Z(7'MSSFW'HGE?4(:\(\A;MM
T894+6.!7Q_\2U$


M(4Y*%&9'+QR$%;96B.;[8
-$&L? XZ;@OD3B/OIFWQ79;3J;[JYXKFI3;7\W






M])@(IS!FQI


XQ6!@(


+UV

MPV@L.(]M'2+['^95^(S2SWS)A!N&:&TNFB&602Y,X(HIB&VT+.=1F'


@9QL1-I9/G
M1I2#SR: ..XYIM1RHKE4T

MI+?I9+:ZN[AT-[?S_[+EF'J^WN6_7DH&Z%^#PD%$(0)T@)G$?2&&[-3B4C

$D4H1;C<&MUA:IF6+7*8AZDDTN&:L5=DQ\56EQ:+\-TM


M#42+




M4GP9L?3AL.PWE?BH=O 9DIW3/#'$
^@
YD1O2A=[#:LC 6&8!BT*F+VLL'H$




MESY\UK^O9]-T
1F\+OS;[




$RXU__#*EU
TV*Z_.-V

_](+R..E8(W2VLVZ3*BFRBKM# 0*2TU9^&1W


0=APK[DDU1REPM]ZS5FH


M2ZT

M##B

M F%0FS-.&$6
6FP)W7\C%
+FM9RBI6T


MM(G3C1.ERILXD40:(H8\0YI H\N#VA)[(@;
B[@_VW%0C?I'J8YWD02U@U\9
M!FF)!6- 




2R+-J
1L)Y)CEHSH3JI6@.9=



T;EU;T4TG02!M'KV7PZ6UR]22?7LT56W*4/A#D:'*G1,I&$
M<JH9EHAKRF$9:KT3@6CS C3
SLU3!X3K;Y&A[W$J@XS:K1*#!:..TJQ%H Q
MS!5FJM(3CW6EHQ6-$]4GTQXF_9]6PRSY8G2?#XP:0

MVBCA1WBI?4R[MP*G+U-O2\J_?JZDO+Y[D_XS+\P\79ZJA7)&+XF2W#B.PXS*



)%-E_EEZ3:9
#+]



M0:A.\\1+A#'B6AJ+G/ $U6-OIKQ-D?X

)P\7ET^U*]W4R7Y?9VK_G^?3+[+Z&W7-W YS33\()
M$
A2XC2VC&#GL-L/R=H%AMY+RE4VP=V]SP:2\W0,5[*VMN5M1^VA1#8+]G


7G[)0U=]'6GZEZ[5XO+\J+G1S=)


NDTI3  O%&NZPH52R/I-'CI:#[=;0!POQ@(N'5MM6!/\^3#


9A[


M1KE?N/
EW'QV


4^=SCW:+K&46FB5


M:?CRA/'%Y2
V.PMIC<W,!=4YK::'TFM.M36FDA<TORZYRCQRPYP_];=/0^X7TFA*RD




H/:[28@TEMM?LH'H4Z
1*IRU_)C*]

O
MLMG5PJR+(EM

M$%=%YP+B_WQ;!W$I$D\Q'IS5;76?$V7^2/T3D]7QQOFCB@TL%-,9AG/22
M8\LJ1U$O+FC$*WX;!1'H4N0^IM-*OVK5=!LL0ZR[P#*%SM2;Y\+U
Z63VMH



M8Y+ZG4X
4B?&ZQ*W
]&WMNX
G._#\*/SAD=@[W/M_/S]+D6VO-Y=@'GT?.&W


GNUG!MD&AHH U%:GUWSSR94
O#9Z 89HACRU




M2)1E!B%

MJY91:BTC

:I@[?BH
 H*G+P_




X &I8&)Z?K8\T2S+GW0&LE




)X 8;KYAVEA

 

M0S;)%]


<6(*)1I9MRK/GV4KR[@#HG0!?(]&?UY3++

):1&^C'?W3P0^


\O

MB



E'DZ]\6._
MD_@A6ZVVE4[439EWH[ZDP0[3C_F6]6FQNCO&E'/Z*4\ .2.YL5XAJ %&!.\2
M@[&86!M'K,+X@T$2%K.NL\(]*[]&[SQ^8LV*$YYE2[Q%#N.
82E4%= '!Y



-R^_^11H
=W?L;.\N#3I\MK/\R]#BY'?W!;9=;D-_GEW#^RP


HS6&F$M&BQ.='U/8TM
MC/&T)%$;!-)1US*L--M^9N5HE\V0_:)BH;'VB6:8!60)8H( P)&Q$A; 408
MZ/-TS'D7SC2T\R&Z= !.7[[D$U%/GHQZ]OD$^H7I9SXLB0%1QX@L-
-
T9&
M?IJ^([OE\9#ZOM@PJDS#


:9D=OL13&
B;

7$]Z789^PVG9IL9@MK@[?SW*\0:+*(\
(
M2* 4T)PZJTBE'5&JQ34MT1*4NK5])[#T]OE/)NN;];P

M$LN@
X0KYHBB7 @'E*@PH!2-Z :?2





MF #(B5:H3#_!!M#@*+C*O!0CV#S]

M'PFQ5E&KK.8RC/JBO$*^6FLSCWWS7


+XLKZ6)J;2%EL$&S

5;]
JQC 
?D
VVT


]N=W5HGEGBG/+\CS8.




M\B;6LUS/RR(8I6/\

M*/(6 Z^@@A7& F'7O)(I?+';L'T &9\GVP)H[7FR[2?AFAKH.57A/Q0C;0RL
M$IG+
W







MNSN

MUY!1$!J(#Q^+=%I)7I\

M.!]:@-0P /]$@#\6E^LR+E;5Z3]LYOJ-$X:LD 00#C16&C(.H-PIXIEN48@U

M&M8].-LM2*0





M9[$9V:9/+X7H&+F^V%(=]*KM?S[?(&$6RVP]MXZ(XGA-)*.T+LR+R
_GC1
[A-#@T]['Y^OY$O<8)(^6E*&&  \&=)F7M!;$?Y3#RS3<JHC@1
M\0T?#;K^4Q/.\B2.-4ONEY0RQQ5DG

$_4TAL= ;*-!9+=K/'#[.



P#H#
M8?/-A/



:(YU1 :(;7]\R04;H3
MXR/&

=WQ
M _:M0.HU&^F96UC_6!19.I_].YM6\;B+Q3UH2U7
EJ4S]J#4O
XN@_[-KM9M

MKQ:K?(N

<R[8-(Q;
MO0M/.PZHZ'-]TCP&HT0YX1@SX/Q)0?8#*2NK
L8/



[:5FTQ

WBOT
7E$\5K$?-P\[#2]HA*Z$3X

MK.#5F)/FPUD/X8T1TZLIP$-$SJL
@(M/\]G5!IV/^?MLM2X6989 S3CZ\4X2
MKP4&TEJ#M28T+ V(W']HP
OF!=1Z2$X9!\TZAKBA7_X@S='DGX
T5]F)\IQ'


1$GXO5HVF
M ['GZ9[J0+B/.DUP#XJ^V__UK[

M
L9Y[)!RDFBPTQ-B )J'9:)%XX;C1C/



RLL


MHSDF?5GWXK9$^*1U'SZ6P#(_3 6]L1%22J:0J:*$6(=?CB^R&L6Z+3!YR14$
M(&*.(\:T0TYY8[C9W6 :-
7




4([!_
.8_4.VF.7%VWQ5^N@G8AG?/)MH









R&Y$:[P^60
M6$Z8(\P ##T&U.W*8GK



MFN]=Q9_5^CYP$ W5/K.&/^[R
M[/8HGD@:_N;YQ$I5AK(XT=Q[9%%9+:32K:Q%
^+)JV_&= '@

M3[_


M'Q6L!'I=X^S?-\\F3FIEG*&$.6D$Q(2;X+XI$M:G)'AOI
ZH$2G;^AO(3YW?
M.] B(5I(BAT.7JA5AD-GC=KI&!;FH

D^CQVMRQ6#Z@1
M_O64%N%'R7XJ^#W+KXKT]GHV20]EA!Q]/K&6












MIHEPD&#KN-3A_3&$0A(I;&P+8:6(7C2R)3UF=($L7XY,G].[J[!Y[DR?'F

Z/-)U
MUCXJ.'M*W ?BN:^WV6*9;;;VL^G'_+C=3IVV
U[DH 'A0HH)#@@DE$@O:G@




M+@B1NRUNY3E M7*6XFC?=_T=*LO


MG?/P&G7]G?X/D!L
XZ6Z
M/1&B

M9IV[YFD#4'2C'KT Z
$3:+:.Q1@@C@BG;'^533DNQ[GJ:(C]4\NUPN#E
:<@\MPZ4ZTNG5$M+BZ,<F5::[NUT'WX4,K]
MQEC^

&.5Z1=_=/_(NO2M_
MI




M\V+U

M+#HT;AQP&MKY37[W+BW^K&_:PPT2QKUFDC*NH \X$.!]Y6-X .$(RS9W8
W.





MI[M/:MKN1^FY4R4!ANU(
$(XE[+CI6*KU'FEO#HL/$PT#PVC?TV*864SSOWP
MP]7 _7#_NK8]33W@


4:&(
MQ5)A0


CU



MGC\9)

<XU\QJ2ZGTW)OX

M^ UQG(POP%%L'D:WNJKL^MO'YX+W*1H4:PZ!0TP2D2I?'U9'C_ V%?)76O

5MOBL5\DUWMG
=^C]):?_ST^]D
!ZAO8H\[P_<R2QYC9VP#I?S[[9G2#E8'X+7

N!@T.R\P[E@-+[4G*A8+G]J_!J;V*Q+_\2_9XN;K\F)
MY7M6S&ZRW2_3$7)


M84S/;HR97IS@JX']J2=H._7JT^;N#2G;[[-[ZNIG;DO/?%6 )@1;XU32F(



M\O%?\2(:![GR7@+:;-W7-ZNR3I2$;/DG.T0V8P8VFV7*::L/% 5
Q235)U


0:!J)@0
MCHQ4GI6'&2@T?DW6R


H
%@3J1 TR#-K]CXB %&#
MADP 
I+%L3(%3L9KU
-Q
KXV%^#TKI CR#$OL+6
.2ZX* ]OB
?3UK0MF@U9
M
,UZC
MLLAKQ6O4 W<R2UY[I_R/^7+I\R*]-&[0QJ..!$F]MQ8+BSTWDE%(2F/ =3*

TM&B
MH.J)\/*GT8^A*A


MP2ASZ


_& X

M.B^R1S_6=_^Y+1;KJ\4\M3YHC][-BONHR;'C:-Y_RU)'5C=O\_7:Q%[=7=_/

N9-X/ FCM&
M
A_0G%0\Q):&W$?8ZF_]RDW__]WF^76V*NR1O7OXEB9L_$O?^Q^&W_WY!
MM@^_# (2B:V!E$+MF/( )'Z&WLLE9U2KOV.<
];0M_R#Y\/&R#Q^#4YY;

6 !(1%5')
MF1

M%-F/D'@#Z#35XJ[$=I8%K5!ZC7R8E*(\-1J
(WZ?%]GB9F7N]ZZSP;\O/1Z@

M;H05%);]54@TG[X]YT_L0(Z-41CL(CD=Z=7JZFU$??GX-N1\#LW3;P:LL;2&
M1IYJG7*&6L)H.5X':/


8@T%FE[_G#
MP5




:(77Z^;()6D&(U*C$ZT@
?#TX:##S@E$KHA8Y0'+92II&88 JTCN#/NT=G


MU-=

MTQ9[0J3 3(

M&




M Z)&2\Z5IQ82*8U'IARW1ZZ%OQ^\J.N+_B ;BBK'43G!D.


#(-)KJF.)4M M087(Y;&]DB;=-%


M?()@.9DZ06U$\RR1;7L@9E


P

M#^



/-0'^I;7W@-

MG[;?OBWC(;HV)UY\




,[X_L+3\=0AH68IR8XV6M(XD8V_'QM'
M6$_'S-Y:-B^L0NVPF+3I/$W7S7ZZIM/)&;OY2X\'$4^C/J7@(8I*S0!BI5P


TVG;
MJ]L)[(ST6R'TVG@P25/P%
0_CM@_9:M%7KS+-Q5L=

MXK(?4_KY!
25H10SPMEAA CB<;Z=2&RD])OC=!K
MY


$4-5JEAGHTIKA2P[

UWC1/ M_;O4]?$FV+


:(@]9+IYV4INPH!K+Y;7MOE3=ZE6
C5!J*


F '3OLML(ZJ34F^%SFN2_R3O+\<6



_N




J*YD%^O=E:.Q!2

!C\K-
&B=ZE=[JR
MYL
3P7' L)8XGKVUE4Q%$NJ'?MN)9N)OB/U3R;7X')D.*GCR+B&TYDOT7X

M
T$9!HF3RD&J!186&
K*OENHFQ_X.M?_.Y%;B[%7D]NZ'.$ZF_]RDW__]ZML

M

M(E8N5512-?D







;M
M1VRQ)\W)
5#ZL*ZWD]80C4Z*






5

M00D%4;2%K]P%&CJ'@G%








MCM@^:[80O&06$



5U#R

#


!!9B


MY5@HX7S\+U84T7VGB==VT&)7+6N85\8_[P6;+@0JRB[PZA)]^D[P4BH!1*K;

M@D@962Y5E!$YP0*F?4FT+38-!?K[IQ\/#
G'*
7ZG
GF=_JM@!G@%%!%J?54
M

80

BM(X[P0%7'*=*+)@:(.1^5 )Q@J9]%])


MW5/&M-@R(K!=6G0)T3C.!7T7RX# $D$P0AJ; 2@CFA0&A?B(44-ZE#8,I_


M29#1%#&H1E?YYBFC4/(QT^UU\'
F\


@U-/H^C8=V?\^4VI1+=

M[





MVA#TN:2Z;9%_.^X._?21P##'WEMI/$=1Y[2
:%):9Q7R$\J'W*WP6@(QFEGG


6P$EY!

R6R64Z


MO$T[E/Y J VU%:CU.COGM71X)FB)K(5$XQ$W/X$-;;4220LGD@6F^^ISTL




&44KW
MZ;2L%AJ1YO=BG9M_.A18!T@

?948&V\YU!:JXF4


MZ


:UD-1Q'WSVWL]+[S$9L&
M-'FYB4


A!X;
4MZB=4#_1^@6INWU@.SRO


M/%]
3_OM0R)Y+V@U%+');V_SU4.:O



M-)#G0$LI/


M!J3A8MU+AD4NG;3 6&Z1XO$/@DI1]AQXV]R+9R!O]FY$V1*6/@7Z
25)/Y%D






'\BM6F]:IA
AH2K@T


MQ )E$.9

MZK R7





A^=@ [PDS
MTN?;-NZ.1UH
7
;SF'4*

M8VHQ






6Q GM4^7]


6 L4(?EB(
).B^.Q)J6W&T-_50)
M^VA$?:L+CW8O;1A3RC

W$^%ETK8+]!O&UMZG4U\_




MH\1B=?/LT-W(S:2+#P;+




MU6)A[UPHET/Q
A'UVWQU\SDK;LL KB81=9U^.E OA(W#]@ !'CE@O=TGVI9Q


M[6_^^*;\Q6WW9!Z&$7H10$HMH 5V%GF*F



MC3I S31KKL'T%\O9.6UZAZT[P]?3?GWZ=!L/*K/5U6^+JU

MQY
19APE3%EKL


M%&RYK$KL?7

MKM+[ 6H)K28&4 P\EU&_CQOP?NPF3I@!U=H+



MQ:_O

;:TQFQ
;J!&W-B_%80CRG
N

M*QK#4?/+Q=YNJ
?C1C/


MAP^

&8:[_%C$HLAZS(-%QA3F33]!

M&CKA4B8_!)B7I4XE7#(/(=C&2K$J):UMQZ8 ZE?W69)55I:1A$*J7RDX [


M*J?+[=U@T=R-;_BLN96%5S=K;CV
AF+%








A!JB3B
ZB8\(  !;QY+
4)FM^Y(TPE8X]&E^UQ+



M92HT&





7:WX/B\2!%M43#%IZSXOIAG
M*9S-%-G58E-*ZIQN
7X/@]**2X!W5G9

 W]
M8C5;'F*.']!X%T\=^\/'#Y D+%+FUMT++2=8)]\.*)YZ! ).*^8H-C#=6I68
M:ZF;'Q-[\T:]F*DSAH#&GA0OJ+UQ)+^O9O?+2'95)H10Q6*]6-W8;1'__:-0






U!
M+19  D48L526F!#L)EZBH!_QU^98-Z#^1;B$S23=HBZ49^/PZVTV6V=?\^55



M-6T#J3:'6F
MM
+MY^#
)/6BZ5)E-(J\L

D-H#*:QCJ9P9B'HB
MI^7+:RF$PQO[%ZSWG3%W -*;0N-H_H$__VE#KQ1X_20=[G/XMVWS-KQZR
M-3W_:98E_?(2M2VR8 LI) Z*XQQAB!








;'

3D.V3R-Q@H[-



J 9\7OZ]/9O2J








9]%V&^_

MB=1:*7N_.QI#J2.5HOT&'?6YZ\!3KP5&XJ $( I1Q.*X/39@/]I4
E%-Y0JP




M5GA
3FR3V\K&D58G4BH-$2DQQ2PM%BG

7J[+##H'F!_C.3='=B:\S. ;S:%K
OBR6B\V=SXM'ZIA9SA:W:WWW\*/%
MW'V/N_T9%]PFS05 #+'2Q0Y2Z.-_B3SH:1'S03TGQE.&!D1PL&OVIWT]ZTYY
MY(T *(ESQ3LO153E+:(0D=*$YBRWTU2[AA'ITYOW3B%\?529E*IW40P9AQD/


M+TI&LE0'9'JN)[U=_7: 3\



M0#(A'61
E^.SM!I*TO]BK3B76 S%\?52:IYEP$0R[MMAAZ19S5FL+_W]ZW

&

LM)+61(D2C&+%+
('
1-^
MHA=:=P*Z-DF['1Z38]ND3L[QN-4+E_K
RE:2
*6009K%_Q$*TDU]^P5+*R?4
MCJ8CX


MZ



.OP_


M8V

A)Z-[@*PE

@_)Y][A*XEO^WL

M7G9PUPX*SEAC(..:;.]ZY(R)PVF#(6]O:0]V#UK6$[M/\$:Q
$P4V?7BV^)Z


O.Y^%[$E6];^T4J5K/KS;\O-K?F8;TI[XN5

ZZ-O'9Q_W[E#




MPO ^P!F+\79Q]_L)6H#UN]'!$T(

M%
2=%'&.-4?BD
NBG*'MDS(N]]J/*5!YX)O GI2L:U^N_EC7=6AN-#Y(R+$C
MRBL#

M7

RS




VRP
?;BT0 5A)PIHC5G44^RS*60
M^6Z1P$\RN:!/GG6#8PQ_]3/7;;M(V,[#ZPE6V@*M63RY==$5(!%!#JP_7*N

M(Z\I)C:B:/2B%+PO-M&$*[^953%?;'Q1K)\OJKX)6X.A00+M  ( I[[SG%HC
MP4&S(=YDY?7E.D

JBMJ.-+7/!P H4T@8'94@


WQ@)!I&/*1W(X1;)R(FG .)JV
#H48Y@B

^S1;S

+
MU(R&YK!B];2ZLZ=.#[,&K3%3@E'H80:VW2F5Z0SB=J'$;/D&^86I)Y@;E!
MV[80IPQP]76];8!Y0DX:C0W$0F(<AIP#01VU.O*ZV(I!^UO9L^2OMB;- P!

J(8UEM YKJ1ED5HDJSM)=BT=U3VKKH.P+N?

M





6_O92R^*-GI!YO?/WS3XLBW=5\


MC&JHT2*5%U7H)YLB8^+1Y)2H2;)@E'/U'!VU9GO'&0/Q4AJ 



M/!F$YCXEIGO
04I






MQ(*H%J



AK
MY_

H(K=4&4NAUUG+&QLJYFWQ++N3


1S3&4!!JB+)4V'A&.0UAM1PO
M\V9C=HO4-0;VZ%E]&0[CQ


'O<2

*I9&0 5.!):.



M)5^M*6






M:8R

MV]OPL!=87F.\W1'O+60&8
VZ+V*T1E:6&0


44NP<MYUK0'<2N

MTAQ! [2A3AGL]'XY7E@YP48EG8$]&I6]#(=1HK+  PX(!HQB*;7G#GM4+9%[

M1Q.#CFMO9?SD.%2VXI&JU][5+8Q!QN'X-KA]39E8_HJV21$XK5'99T!7
A

M
SV-L#]F]@K-:XSJ 0*PMM+I**W


MES)]?
%G_:-UPP)@ $O-J ;


!].1AGI E5+
M$5FO-L_$(_[MI6C$'X4OFV@Y)CWW:=FSNQ.*9^WS 1NC**':.T4I9RD)QNUI
M$H]C61 R=P]*IS]@G1H&S?&3?/5WA2?ZA]/E@OJ#?QD#54:X$0\
X?:.(:
M3U.Q[(E/Y7 (O0WN3TIMG!+3NS![75S_XZ;\_C^ORX?E9O68^
VKOR1V\V?L

.$<=4F$BX \Y(JST&U<J8[7(3;N^;5+_
Z C'\5_?[?]1\
M=;__1W!






@]NDXYW
M/A%^=U?^*Z4IKY_R:M8IE_)
[+/9!(%ZKR4%0&$!8]GC)2B@HQ)D;/]1R.?
MU(!468 
)=V5K_XLX&P)L
64(^<K


MA6E5FK980L9+*B:33[Z &R\T^;C-UM\*U:KK;MBV[[Q_$YRP2PA-8B+.@#


TU'OOK!=&+RMBVE?AGO




M 8(98376'5S@PSDEAY6
?H#*)2)V\7TQ+Y;SM2GO[\OEE@(S6]_6B
6I(4%!
M 0'EG EO#!:4(E


MQA$BB3#R1CD48625:2]XX._'MG*!M\((:^GW-V#577[Y;J^OKA_F';3G8;



 [S&^R1YPNVFLX1O* *.F 90PA2JH&A
MO







WQ+D(Y[I+1A)-D3S II9/0(Z*M0LTV

MSF%* *\^7Q8AF_@]CWQK5'67#NDWI8TO,+4R;Q
'K(/$/J)
!:$P*T!!YY

M 


?
M\1T1[K_3.H=


D(]13%\JSYG6WB0- U#)'
MM9



MP%S:3!B%4 )EL7=IT2ZB8HR:8-W






\WP1,6P*Z39
M@@6K,BXND5X7*#@\%+P'4;PI< Q(%PTY=GAG(TPW4#O=]U,SG!:(WB'7E
MVV#HJ;KP_5HZO?)J-9L7ZOHZ77^ZKGCPN;@N%M_'?G5]47R.%9Q%?R\'Z3]?
M9^OB?_V/_P902P

M
C Q
M.#$R

M;-M9U1
G;BADB;8Y1Q9=E)29KE\_($5*\D


MXX_;8O$Q+^Y_=0'P?MW]JZ
_4?[N0_-C'\H_^@#=#Q[\^&
U_Y
C/%RN*ML2

M5%][*-*[]S^Q*(H77R@90B5#


$0V(Q!)*F9'WMHUL3_*U%1/A2T9
M+1-^'NB8^-UK#6LEXAV5,D/<L#IDR(?<9%-2T)*M5!U:8OGC-%M.,&^&R80








M3E@S


WYT$78J((P)OEL3A!=^P/[FMYB8_

&H.
T8H#HB\\*M]U[K 5]?@U%5=D9W3ZFV/%C65
MUL^2%2F1%UQ[U&@)ZZN.(Z.4
BFOGI?#*Y\F[KQK?.65K!+.5WH9L @'80QH
M2$(W $G **NMQ

X2=ECC;3*D)W38GZI!X:K$D


1#$4DBGT0)!(CSV
5Q


O[#^(;CT[5


M-IK2XHWXE]6- 


M@#
_;(PQ $D7=9$T
8B^*-V ZLJAGL98H




5':VYABYUXU,#OC?Y!K=F)#5SI]

_=/WRS@8CI+&)?2YY!MF
+95.HG4B



2J*J@NM

W
M0+'ONXTY!(C21K&VD7[5Y

MJJ/C1JOV:/
B4W[B8&

$_%?#P=N4)OS$\*X




M 0F]!/!F;SL +I%Z)]F$'
M%5UQ6J'34.[.9
J+=Y^DZNEW1W)E%/P$4=$W!1UP^NX,4]R\PU+7\VOTF_Y
M0F2QC4&*703CV/E(WH! 9%+:X
A!UCJ:I8!
Y:U?(NFK.WV6M #M12\*YOJ









A/ BW2HS?/.]UH
M9&9Q+]TZ
E'3]'WXN9@N\+QSW.45KEZ

:=3<UJ=

MB!#JLS&\%G; GIMH#\JO[
[SY?E2J

J&HGX;IE)MB]L^DFMYN\3D[@$Z-<LHOU0@
M_SS4(WDRW+5
4

IDUK(V;?$X60VQ.F+919.Z4:PC4[VQVTFYSIP&
M9Y5ZG3DU\7NL0\I9&X?2F<D$&



0PD#N 9-VI9%BMDSJJYH@)U+=F]\Z84'8A

-Q5E_%N:W3\(

;-
B B@MQ76U95D'&VC.=(NMJ_YU

MI?4)PV$2X2C$F






M4H

MONMQTE@CC*$F_;E16;O1
Z61!]UHG)_:)D/3ITS





MW_*_ILO-M'B&2$0LJJ^PBXDOI#0@PDR


M#E

++\'K97UNIG7HJ.7-][S19((H@B2
M!,)RYH\!&LK).)
JK:2[K='K)8*!*FHI1UN.JFE@-1)+168TE%+.XP944LI



'2E

&=3(:
M^9ZW1X2R$S'#JV4W^+FA!J)Q*.9&_)/JX VFD4_=
&'(#84H$TJ#YN -83['



X#@4?EH+7







&V
=M8:U$\^*-KC


];A?\N)(QKBEI5W7EE[MQ7_LV0)BFUBDS5KO]


GWO90Q0 9^7Y^/MT$OH4AS%T8X]Y
MC'L1<=VFR@,+@T#Z1O$ TP/HGLD90WBZ79(O6MPRE^G&)H[2/D3QOW@?!
MURG3F;/W;-RQEK]X
_*8ZUW;&2KV
G=_S!-^Y.;0@)$=_M[1D
[GH^A=\AD$




.2*8<AKX(4<TAIX?T:BVXW
0^RIZ

B U*G;AP:T@'_D4Q&EPE5

M4]






4(


M

MS3 LIV&]DZLF92_@.26^%V=(2XA.A;%G29.AK479C+(^#H$SZU)NL96JR1T3



M/_/.J!-Z5

J-XE

M7Z-T!DL=E9EM47A[41J'A%OT[^C]3#M
JHOPYW1=8Z!B4%A5K?8@&84H8A'T











L2T!J^JC.DISX625(3=FV
MW%18G-^W:'H6K-=DM*B1-F_CD!I]^+FA]J

Q/$CD.ZC'CRNERR

MTJHZ5F.0QQ%- $8


L#H.*3+A2&Z\Q1F;BUYDR_1\G3ZN)K!\






M$NJ0/WHMU')*7@WU.3.@A[\5Y?N:

M3XMU9SV4

(W&GVK


R4



5 Q:SE^;9

Z
M9V+*YCCWP(TQJBJ5_9%I7&'V0V7I$Y*#


L3(OL6'?+.[.NGZP:
MC.C8E-NZOVKIK'&F97;/3RU;O-YA(1 0#_(@ :$7^SZE
/1V ABCOHILV/

@=[.NM%0R.RN*U)T9(?=%M'#[[);
M\RRWWTPMKV
\NZ[<0#__+OQ0ZZ=RK+_4V2?
M'=SKNG:JQJ-
;HEG8NC9+

M8E@$#1#/A5ZSWO'%X#U]72P:BQ^O8?=U:








5%.P&Q%H68#46_8[]/T$8K8_R5L
YS-AN


[9=+#[MH




HB2_64$O4%*V9[.V5OUD:E+
M796NA*J/079(-#7B#
FE_CABE5-CHX;AHC.:568


M49#X
'(A]B/&W3B!06/:Q\EN25NA6(P!H^H+VC_;68T^EEIE6?Z)EEJE7=)9






MAGX8


A( W6 +R.1;6MSFLBF.'0PJ7?(0KG3/

;G@UVJ9CJ5@R G@\%%0$\8*

FO9Q[S/#J FRRPM
MA

M4=WC.#L\LE6R??A7 F2_ZGF2LQ:E-
?W.%31H#^YK9:I6+[AY;DQ.ET])(O\




-


CSR7



M02&*L1] %R#H(L@CW]]9B#R@W




T1Y3F2F26^\.[(/%&/

$R 7Q:&2
IJT B%OOAB\^TDAEAVG5O^BY95
MK0*BO(^E0

M/
^#
M_5E


U_6N$[(Z:9XEGYHWR#ZP!&\ZJJ?!^LA53\<C6=739DMF/YALLD7Y







M _'GZ38*KQN_
UV5/UO^Q.U4?&R6.JN'-%T[\^DZ/5Y&0V:E4(F](VN&=B(P
M_.JA);]RVVU7+3]O

M#KL)BSV.5*L*II
W14XV

(Z!CX(8NPF+ .)N8SWB7+ITGTF;

=KM-

F^%:]RN^U8

MH02B
&G@N!APZ7'


MP6




TPZ=XOT*
KZU_-)&$<@2@($$P!\$$(J\NP&

M=\J[:BKV'X]


8FZWDCV2W(4S.6VT3)::


M@0\9%7FC

P2'L0PVL6(A1$Y)NMJQK2@.ONALVWP/4$9B.M
II37]\JLG.

GL)R?3K/CK
M=+%)/Z73U:9(2X

M[[R/


M:R+X^6

MAUY^OCG__!O_3

MP ;+;]I8:EO 

43 C5S2V/3#

M*$614B=XOJEX8N$3.DR=$JGRJ?02UO5=K)(/?YS,UUD=\\B^\SJBKV7B!1
M * ?QBA!P@X$!#*?588)3\+DY 51@Y;L];)K3IWKV4
ZWRS2

MJU1^C]MI@)O*$P1%!_U/_.YUWY/G\)T.:$ P_9&P[EUAJKJ?YX
!^8WB[2
M60T\1@0B;_O TRAZU*^M9\ &.IY0SS5BWG$YK]]




%8I7FK]W#
PZ%M.+9R=FL
M*?9
;DE?9
OT?)T^KB8T(4GL)HEH411S#B$!?H
A)G(%4.Q8'O_6=.F+4SEC
M87]:(43F]JCM1*?W?6J9P/2^6;WCMN.&M7J

MWSA?MJ]M7N6+A4BIOT^+^20 W TY92SD

M? =48K.@=


M/*RS:6;[G$P7Y1]-(
#[/FC*<6XS..G<NMV\HMD4#FP6JEM3EN)A0D;[

XP:5NW+]4-:-(LC
,*L:]@2AB('$8RYD/J1NZ:[
ZGQICJ6^8T?[S-EA6*?2$-GE (]_W(X]0

MT%-[[N4]-7+Y-R)_^_RE/FE-&?%YS&'@Q4++$\X18?6W70\$4D_?JGW1LD(*
Q!'T

MJ;_)*Z-%VF!(5[\5^6HU(:Z?A#A

M&2-Z'

E%;/3;%X=T\R725[\+2_^
M*-]-GCYEZ^EB7U5DX@4
$0X1@$+/_B 7


M(8M+$S6V

D
)G+:\1E$C4L@D52N1$QQ(;:NI2@ABH

2WQJ$%NN#?

MT=Y85!M3#V&5]0@;8 .-L6TLM8B.$7+'(4%F7
DM-#Y#ZV';TPH0NB0
41S[


0*5/.RXAZG D_3;4;+9YWS*8XDL?2K2659M&8A?
M+]+J/O%RCA_S8IW]H_KSHQ@G+

8Q(%P/


R\C1BT//\N
5;EV]*J]D*-TZF .@U2





IDQ+;.93_2^8=),S.
MJH+I+*M'AY^FS]6+P].U4V+^'V?EKR[2;X(_Z&3+ITU+D6:9.PIMG+S3K8S1
M./P- C-NY(:;EV:7B1M[4?/:)@XY$MTRH,) !CD<=-% QI%DA7.N]NQOK$N



M(6W

M?W5^+Q'JSTX[


MA!C/2$)IP@@@+86$21![144L..94VLYT^:JJ?#FZ+&6:9
?S=B^QL-P,=
MYF!ST\R\M6!W9&)51=/CDE39W:Z)'7K,_Z+/+#\DU*X,'$ P&/2&TQ3(0

MC$Q7V:J:OT91Z :4
 5/GAQDW.^








%IOR297Z-
L7T?.GV;(LJ93S']-'








X





A?





6
.ZJ::1%(-95L\;^%\5ZI1:IEQ/.

M6T6=3E+!]73Q!M$$!H F73&, EAA%S7CUEME7./,RTQUK9F77%K9%JJ\^A




KJSI#2K6T(
E_GC#)F9L5OXE'B0^ZZ(8N2H3&!C2LC4+Q/SA9Y^OIPL2:WDE3


@D#+^0( +=!A/P(J*5J-I%83^ :\(I[$U;9


M) 13CW/7]1H('J:QGN89
3WN#1.S+*OI8._T:JKAZ_V3\:FB#)
2VF@T(.-2
M2+.N'=%)_RIJN5E*0%OC6*1=8

M-48]


M937



VV+/WLA)2


M0#W

M-.O2N]F.4;X



LF


JG7V\S[_]6OM2RD/4

ZU Z_62W\C$Q(#Z



MH\6+].G#;95UNLVI/J7E$NP$




MDF(^79N)73&)$R)6BZ+QTS0@;AJX-D/G=!A6:I^G\NK7+3]3/XA#EU@6\3TW


\\Q1$U

 GWB'&D^A1J]5I6@=91*:6!4F4[-OII]QY.X5@GR:[1:B=K


M+TRZD4
4I4)MJU6




MB AMB(.51FV=CI8*Y/(D\P;W=QH8,?PNJA)& RU@42 [A']_F!]9MZ@S&]
H.[CF MY0='!
M9<N'_-VFI8JT809?<^<09KM9,J& 1W$&?'X S+!W\2;EB3?MS/BIM_'GZ]NJ
M!DTX7S#[
DP


UP6!


LY;PW4[YM546^KXGY'

M\R]5^:VHJ?QGZ_UV]=$Y=AA:)$BC)(69[MXWY0(QP[F*C4U!:MF;3ZUJRF
M[EM8@$U
L
FW8+DO*EEUEC5_;WWT-JC2(^4YIH/$4;/A
T')$?3!1G P\GR9


B01^'08+=U//BR T2BZ:!
M6)9\&=Y\D.?

&O@=D0IV*_K\I[%FBV%4=RO\X_EG_1OYJL6\J48E'@$AH'EDCV

WO-*55

UY\.U/Z(O97<^!?F!!!+%MISX)O:!O7DCHGW$_


3G.:TBG7]K0F(
4?/H!5#W[T


MR];M4UZA\OFERI_R3;VO8F.Y(47UI:R:/;UMVTHPNU_G=^67K
HW6WMA!RZR


M+]$70Z

5G;I+OE2BQVM\9H![A)+P]XHY%$BU;H*-*!!
MBQH<4K8^5S-1J^0*ZZRJKQEM @K


B
MJNE[F#C0\Y/$MW#(]6;UB!^O^83^#2K0P )_
&#_'Y\PC2%N6(PFXDQ






&82/

5BDF
M.\&\2

%Q


M.6HB\+^.BK)-MLI05A7W]SG]Y\T*T15UE:TA%8UBV0^












FK3Y*

TV#((R]Q(\C'/I1$(5.GT#A
K'3IIDQ21'E*7E]SL&Y-/





()&-#].^?W#5KV-
.T4B? XX#Z


M)GU8)RY)!






MCB1

.H





M^313A5N


M

'OZ
NY





GX\ST4D#

C-PHC




MC@S:^TS;+\UNRAXBHLB




MQR7)U\2%4 $*K69_+8K=T+9AF)^_3OT$SOLJ'(AG
C:R)8XF50O07B15 Y



I=AZR_4.6JA+#Y
M:UO5F%$JGDC\
OV?*?KX$;&'2-F8^Q7FNY$MW_.A&\=N;(4V3AS?=[UNY#0B


TF#:]SWO4$W!&;\43\*=G!W-UC8
ML?]+]LK.7EG!%
A;?#=-A17]I^9GWH 7.D7SYY=U^=JT/64%H_=MF^1?^GG;






MNT%C^
UA1__P=&*[P-M2ZT%G_@UH6#+B/X2&K,?- 1,7+4\BY,'(J+AL\Z,
ML&HZ2:=5U(;#%0KPI-D[R/-;FE84R_R\;9_*31LP&C/J!MCQGZ.RWGXJM_\G
MWW[-E^7CAKVWL_ 0=$,KB:PPNV 0)(X;H^7$%NHA'L^E).$Z=VFVB-ZL[_3


M%$$'40B^L\QB@+/3E++LR/VQ5$X8CZ]/ (Y U@
)NC]FX3[X 4_-%CG?A.





!OM5
ML#;AR*$7G%BPTKG.'/;7]@:!WJ+C
@
SW[+T[9)&#I^
M;)


&A4%&-P(_5G#-^DGQY

MFZ$Z


\)

1;


M%0RG6:;[YP3//2()LM4_=NTIJYAHJV93Y0G)EA,=,\_U=AQ.Y?&7F=L0$,5
MTFV&1JHTJ-0V-=6ELKPO)L+]EY_D#_3?:=X&Q%V$A+%MH-3CZ[1W2#NT2(2

M

MLB.MN^2,$A10'P'^PE)X#[48,]7M2FE

M@H7CU@PSMX_XF)?
S !
OP P#



M3$RKF+HWO5T.B&[ &8KGVARZ3MR [IDW0P156E0J6V&JLO9!T='!]?5FW6
MN87)





UL$9!!34/D)9A :
/$2D(/^DG?&(4DR!-J
MLCD+0

5&@.T)^X
W-.'\



#06RN.6!&I)K-^M
NN+-Z
MX5K

M1_.IV_0
M&^K;DY2#4MGD$385]R:+4


IWD[BWUH[%ZX8.ZIA$D^]9J:1#$5Z]&]

M26I%3A+!?OP8$V6:)C;J!

$V(-$O[
MN:KP]MF5MJ3\K24G?^W(&/!'8\[EQ[[F=J?LIOG3S&QG\R54[2$DV-_(A



)9
M7I^IAL2RN'J.C_CQFJ6S1[6?X/R2(


MMILX



P
M(


S_O<N6Q</1;YB0_9;HF%L
M64'DI!C'!(5!F.[K_2!)$==-NC$_7[

0\
M0\F P(PAT Q9&65!J6XZB4G(IW+SKS.#H20F-L(^7$40R^Q$C?I!DL@%MI
B4/7?.-:9<F/JUF*
MSC^3W'QE#=KZ!G2 7Z4VBI2Z0*HL93+VQ51-(?$3-:BZR)_:8H27YBABUHL

CG?3B_W][FRUU5;%_[
M6_V^2P(O28B?!CYT8@\'?:$)2J-X9
(G







M


/S
YR#!RKRS709P


#-#8
?JNF4[?\J4-QKI5++\8
MY='&'




H!_'_NG_Y !W[EV/(2J%]C64^
2





MYH2J1=965V0


[VJ2IWCT_E;JLT,HQQU]A0,)&GE&K_,69SI?XRLU+:KL!1IHNY
MA.YU5L9GP)'8<<QXGT=(

M;/\K
N?]KKU*G@3S^-.A?\N^%\^[9[C9[++UF]7%E[SJ5AUYM^VT2/S8=E#B

+

O

LE0ZK]=K
M0MF]


D$T
M:

E7AH5!J9VCS+UW^_M[WV'WOCNR\%W


OU+  V^FF


MEKBJ2I)MM'#*VL2GC:


0N'KQ3











V1ZTL9+SRHRPJI&P37D_(
RBO


':9]NNH
N_C]*N:.


M
(YZ
W1.N557SQE4L






\Q

)A!8)/8C\T DL%Z$.3X@M

\$I3/;3%

2WA0Z%
MQHZE64&/X
GHXV@F^01Q2A+%%/ =?^8L_J^0-B!TJN@V0]F465/JF92BN6&=



M%;E$\B7'&G_NI9TP\=2K@62.4EUBZ4KB-8I8



R73YN1RJL5'O
M$#
R71V&G=;/Z.*.5S-O\_7#APV-LS'8P7HU;?\=.0PM7WHNE'LVY*6#.-


U3P+C+;
_B:;XNV8??G^W67_^Q+$.
8N0G-1

XH$.E



FN&#HTWXUU]


M
6A_C9?2H:(;U5XQ0Q#5FW5:=*.'-U[!_)C3!#'_F&?U^YV\-+9])[;MQ ]=
M%V

J:T[H6GICZC2*03_FXDY,XUI4-QUI
M\VO8 $L#LJ66S.42HDEI?J9)_ID4U5\HU_CMW



MZ+A
_
=K/RW;0P)_]*!F.2)[1\W5$S)Y

MOLVK;\4RKV_+]6IA.=#W8N(AG-IIXF+?BZ)^P@4Z]XU8AC-RP:&CW(A[]0
MY=SQI1 3T2:61?2
-;#:M[(Z8( AF_INQR6&!L1
 :UF:)8*0][=U5#$#7?C


M+Z:! EX:+((]%D3(X=
47;R(B4A+R9=A2O3T/3C8/R 1
BR9H0E2R$];$TA;


MG4



M'Q%$;A (7?J2'4/S!EU71+/-OE_=A]-[O?PM+5=K9^2)-./S&6W%I;OEHU@1


M  F:S)CT

ML%20SI//#RP#MSB.Y;KD#CR$?$MQR&P!Q.@FM4:(:@.9*P^Y'_ 0X?#F#^
OA;,NMTZ/ VJT&^%-N([1*GQCLG\$Q<'!7
M@AXZ:+#O?Z=%?]-X__




M?BSA%+1-4C5E&!PEF5V$?R_?JW_LZN;YKT68AI;MV;83N
@/P] B?K\G&J.4


M6%956

MQT%

9P45A6=9&V+



'R




MW?UK]N=O5
I9Y)$DJ9?@ZE5:R'9HI^G:6*
7)
0QTD:^(E'



?$ZR%@.Q6Z%JMT8-VE.QU6P
#^

M:. 8FYAHCJ*13QZG8E!
,^3I^9VB[#4#5 T(&HJB#5#OI184JJ?=J9M4#=Y
M+;()_0]


JMX
]@R9O=9N6_';#YS
MN?4'W5R^MJU@EJ?-BFFD3+YSK*$SW@CG1.HZ5 F



MLG;*Y Z3):CC.4$^9^V%4^-1Q
Q_4CP.?JEH@IAVD^#COG]_8(600K6C
$AM
MF*#()Z2S@[U@]LZP3\N+4GF









S,E-^'H=%4[DWC-%,]9:]
METQ-[/$JYJ]9L?E8UO7GS9GQ#X/'R'8=$A" L^'R'5LW-]+00(8[&M/D6#



B@
RF)W2E233)MJW_] 7C)
M3

2X





=A#!@?
TZJH/*=GY-1@@):A


NZ3-Z9D&[E
MQ'




MH1N%9/6457FYN6G2JEE
0A;$+J/9K]T4EN^K75



$


#.9
M6(Z-WOQZ^7IR

^]FC2KX_08G:]E$4NOSHR.*FZ
M-I(5F_^W*K+

M5_^=;G?9\?)YR+Q)B!M;#L)#F,O
_OTJEH67*<+-]/_5





MS*2LF_H[W^K;[%N#67C_L7)M+X&.%SFN12R$@@ G_7*K:U//(S)C0M-8# _F


?'NXY&4G\E64P5S&8EF

G+Q_S+ZB]9J_J\!J




Y(1:*_U&5%F*R3


V8^JX+)NCM9P
M)5Y%59RDV_6NW9_P1\&H_I1]R8I=]MLNWZ2
O\NB X.SN[+*;LNG?.U;?C\0





&









+5U+Q*+E$-5'YE
M^


M3G2;/^9%^V7=KW&P

M%R [@BBF.UKX/*\^4Q
I738=
WB

MGI3ZV]RX(N@PJ1X$




M\QPR3. A2A)7[FB9HA'3H].G;





M'OO$Q^.5.3ZCX!


'-'[__CC[]#[A*P
WE;Q\ODTN
M/MX1
C5'Q]O+S_^!JZO/ER22WHCEQ=FCK=8ZOAQ BV778[]XO/ +S9ZM[[Q

XDJV4TE67DLX5P42ZQ
TL?D5YG
8WB#D[]SV*R65HWU@GOC^T/)X39;7!SS@K

M)9/4CI8G84ZGT:E77



'\ =FDFOM8;CC

L7F6'EJCS:]
M1^
^MTTY=,3,_[7M+Y:M^]B;%8V1=C#3A01/PI%'D^'L0R2NS0$AF<

0%<1%CD1+&/

$& ^ZYH[$IU[O'87?9
MLJ/R NK

S+M73M2&)=^^JNNLX9/B



_/
JIC!=RO
MWYU2]%QXR7S]D&UVV^SJ+LX^=V\O'/9MQPA1[ 74BPE$&$9\MW:[;YOZ-H&^

QX!QRFYCCZ*3
&5]*EXE%Q+/Z*0 ^NW58/9

M(FX

%J_:
1&M
9 5





M6!-9\4'LB_0QO:[*=5;7_

^%(GMB4P'FB9
39'G.C SQWZ3ES(!^'(W+&+Z/]*'4



M&.[$Y74B#M545I5+$;4][?@)T=7 U/S:J\.)4FOK&3%2YKN(VCU%=59]R3[L

M7_*6)!Z

:.( !=SN&-0/5B_ZZYOM-1VC?*+85
M]&\JHL=HX.O]WA=@'P/^SQE5\ Q[HDJH(P +5$
M;IU31'V\B8S-A\]/VCX_




 &N@6F0T0X^/$
MS(!F


\G:E^-1&\C)I7ES.ED4:H?F'%75YD&YP5[(N&3[76

KYK2-$^DE&\P)R608YA?JBZ.\NE=
M.1S/F+H*_BW+[Q^:;(.^9%5ZWTT9H&T; 7[IQRH







D
H)_0FHF=$
MX[61?4;[IP_H





 3G$\.8Y.674RS*2R.HF3:%B=OB=(

8!3(37G)



1-G=$&)L&7H@AKT4D.#D:P4


M80-\6JM=LU$O)$;1*5A83
6D9*'1DSC@ CVPN4J/
RR=*T5TD+L



_M=HRUW7V\/@-;'N
M8$ (_APP3GWKF@!M9_J75M:7T=WTNO3Z:C7]?(EVQFO6:K**C4MNFG+]C^NT
MNJI:-)MV('.=53</:96M_2T/?7@ 3+[8M!^.H-^[882*U.*_)I.&QPQXE
MJ#G




N^^.4D!YDE64
MSRB_(Q6OPP8.X.94N==$:N;,L-+5#5U9\ZJV4B.QJC895WOF$$88L^*W#A


&-C!A)LKE0(9+UXCT14F)%68N=DW=I,6&
MOS0:VHX3QU80.7&$*;:3$ Y#4B]$(1FE0C*&YIB\H!/HQY)T:LH2J:8U:%

\8_I:A
M.:

$9_9TRP





M





MBNR.H[(\ESH1=)%G.S!!.''Q
/



M&TWS;SI;P8\S=#3B_8B9.OU1T)E^KE@=5Z'-WW=UTS[HNT(6#J%+HC@B$0ZI

1;FNN';+/;9E=W
M;^I\?/1OPY0,*2()FX8VK;EV!%#$H4#E"1NSW3 #34Y0
6;[I4QVX3O/3
M%]).2+J8N
5F2;UO4!F$4#'UFA$X<N]K%0P3] 5CD


M+*+*OU#B


3CPYP!OXG[_'EMG

M
6ZXNGHY'#S52]7'\'H(#](GYS[,:/PT^*XF.)(C%'!,;36XQ#1
VY=V84
M;(!'49&-LRK_DG;;&)B:MP=K^%6K?\TV]WEQ?[C5)\[K];:L=ZPSM
!6A/H1

MY/1PCP@
D

CVP_9VLX$^.2K*.&\&A
MF.I



MA;8?2GZD\=%5)7AB1I:*\R)BD 7985-5O#]0&L6$^)U


*1FSBA$_4V



ES&&


M

MSY=/8]V.4KWM(5-IE3X)NK7(GV:*QTK@'LY;

M

R=R&Z#@_&:







M/\%1WA;

M3FJP 0[%'TGXDA6[+&$D#+?1_2UO'@BK3


G5

M6;4SDZAA0\G/NZ8=SS0E^

]ILS'1


MHW27%]D&9P7[HKEFG5$ *



MR%RZ9A)=W635EWR=$?:[I




K+\#\=:^6.KD;[J(LF+







MQ\9I&;?


R
)[#)WIZ]K(748'UN=.::@1RG6UP0KK\I_SHFU:Y+B=M57)

M7






_C_
M_BK_I)'0FYAH6O';'.NKBN_N%(/KH2B(8@PA32BFR$
MIO+^0
^V/54[3[HR$5Z=66OFR!I
7H-G_&U3[ML/GL7D S4ZF1EL&S]23C-)
M@U)J


MY7.Z;9X_




M9K+)ROL6TR)2K4K

X5XQE8)8(F$['A2$Z?C^4B:B8Q

M* W](#&7K^5PF-Y/DK'O


M3.:0E.E0F4C3YJ(T78;NK];BK^^9SLV2$3.9ELU%;OJ
+!I!
[GX!9/:TK!:


SOG





8BEZ72H.M






+ AMAVF:0Z41@
1A
?01D]
M&VG*^(: #DL[SRZG8V

VC_8!7=T=OZ:X<&%NQYV ;06Q9
MT/(]QQX0$#NQQBJUNF7CXOQBJVYY!XJL4^FQ\CR;%5%-LRR1A%^3?J1X
XM






ML^HO@.L3*'=-G6_8W[:P6.O.B_5VUUXJT9R:%[D 13OLX.7QMBV4CW^6UN!K
MMMWR_Z?%
RC;)

L2@A7P\[= N?(\8
MFB-ALI(8:ZH_/P#B:IO
T]MFWGS5X3'$VUO;U\]'42[YO?GLY_ES*%-F^RY



R551T



*\NSJ.-:K&YS



M5RK'H&BGQKLZ+[*Z)N7CY_[--_Z^Z[:L=U5VFWUK
./E'ZLP@23&%
5^'%(4
M!!$EO:)$D-J0R

=
M T=Z/
('5A2B
OT3SU+^CS;<Z=K<*
M/)6L3


+C)H

MCF.%
?3(
+^*'8+#*11?$

M
HP_MO[+.JLI RAQ;#H'] 

M.\\L?I)0FIKS:FF:%3GIZPCA4-Z7L?'
B)^:-


\*HM G&)& Q8Z&


M;89


@%1:-A5IMC
M7DJ$1TXXFPWN)///(R(A
1D]1;R7.3

M&J.B0W;]8J

M0'2D



MAP$-J!58$4;
-AP





AO^O)Q(H22F4ZE;(1P]UIP

MIT@YTXM&\[B

Z8:@[,[JC;J=)HPY5-;]U=C-]Z,_U8<44=0D+7
MIUP2<.!BEUOL!8@3V4(IFIJFO%7OU#4I-_FZ7HGV#F;[
;QN8S.-=J+[U*=

_Q41 D+K':6ZT)
ML2$-D4R%.

MG3K'UQFQTD+S
A1+CRNE@68HOB9


MF AMS%3_]

MDA:GJK+X3^NJ$A





3




?.<E-71VA;9IOECC9\/W\K7] MK


X8*:
MXP5;!AC4''%[X5J'&3P.H

M&8Y4


$^RXS*K6VK&+ L$K2NLD?V\=9-BDK
ML


#[$
MWB!OIQK*5U


M;Z_/'ARU8M-8D




V*HE_EE
MR*!FGTJ3;57V!;FB?:#N;WGS0'9U4SYF%:KKK$'%9K\Y_A42&A7 ?[V*60


M826Z1_HK@_HKQPH.;DA6I%JY%RQ
YZ)=LCYE
(]XO3BB_8[1SE]8G5U@9:@\


MLO$)=%W53MBE_]6YH7?


9YH1D


M


#QH.

MJU5.TT:R*:9FTQ$IIV
G.9Q)P


M#D8#TLRA![G!.?82WC@
$O'/)?P*=L7=X7W U^CJAU%KSP%G3N@K( 1[WZ





26P3ET846MT!B\3W$A(+/2&R$*A3G)[@HX4U_R([ )/+:7/'

MR(5^X

G[?#F:$I-94T^\YLB=E\47]OME



?&@NK;
7^X7-\^UE

UWVY7


%Y5LQO)-
C Z37ML#NB6E6\'(+B')Z@_J

FG&5(G6''GR
+G['7B2)%'@(SM$U(]L
M.\0N3 ;PL9O

M3@UMZ.=+GSI(

WMD+'QI;O);87.&2X;R%@+GASK3G*



)&R5[HST



M8



'! 7!0


MOO1IADD9_

RV]HZC33




MQ6Y?5CNXZQ[C_EPQ:T53UFV0]1K?_J0B4?\J#?O3I^KZJ]2EOH](2!*00I!E



LN=PSSCNZC[:EMN^



X4T-4F BNY-_$


M

TY'K$NM1WEXM6A 4^?X=HY
M)TXXK1?.

G7IR@7];$WZ#+UHT[Y0

V7
P.^\T/8O'U7S]6+_6PPBX#SLV@12?BH;7

&AGD.?WX_!Y):+M(_
7IXPFQV9







MM0Q8%O !E\. .0.R?N!+)!;4^7L_:3


)5$
!Y-NY ONC!HQ97U$






MAZD?)# ) ( (T'#(C909%+GC73L6!:I%@N_@]8U%(H.?J4Y



?)RDH1O&;A; S .Q




ML6!!FF:02]!O'[=8-KW$ZPQAZL9G#C[WD7-76S]T'5FN$565::ZNT3K#OG
M]PB='N(R9O\W:1
7


M4U;.
M?!L(I=MFI%]:(EOFR2GS?76XGOD3P&KUX
RW@51.;L:V4$O/O6H3.-HF W+=

MPBRB;I@-UF(OB20SFTHVK










0@




_4\@Q@RE:3&6:;:?6(RE
MW#0AQO*\&A;CJ[NB+O(;)EBK-$G#&

O2CPXL =
*Z9?E]

M8.@G-$P\XE.8#M9! *#







M$-'9Y10T



MG?-7BT]R7U^/4S$QFHQ..4%29]+.VP




%-@UITRP'(\=(DM8G


M\.#\5#3.UWP[_9$@:9Y&3PS98WT9H]2JAZ_.&]EF4_@X4EWQMR\?/[
NRVL

G_VD

9!(GJK6/7S+2LM
M@^4P7 X'YO3(Q*_**I
VKHU3\26G?&]1I7]6)DS\?O%4WG=L%8C4.1.\9G




MP-@;-MW2@&AR]C:1FR?[^+8G&?@)-L/0K?5^[)V)/3[7/$*6BV'H/BBCT9




3GG !T.H3BBJ!/

MM

_



MG4JVRNB;%6

M[T+?Q3%
$@^D$2;#=A#*:.S)29FJ%=M)1UX#V6DJI^Y'W4.'2U:UE$D4E:LI
M^)/5J:Z:.Q\CSQ9F8_39KBK]G)U16=)E=EZI.W'^3K06LPHQ%3,+RO#KOF





QP0F)#(2[TLP$F8'A=*(/6%




+#ZN:[6
M1;%A





M[!(/X$0\GZ?V^=9S=QTL-L#*^^L#FT@Y-K[GL&'H+IS# QM]XI&^(H?O+Y[L

M)SR=FZIV'JJ&_6[)EOZ;.O^^[WZ;=]#S139%ED-O
G1F[:/'YOP+'4W\E:E^

S9\2EJ7 A1&4#$^_[7CC-$9MJ




(J^;3GS@



HE
JB&K-J


MQ6FJ*;_.*ZA1YD3ULI?H?/MAMV_J=B
3_BCW*Q?X%(4TQ3'A3_N1Q(]@;PT'

-2-JI4OF
K1)





DWA:T)50:%2VZ]
ML

!Y@)&$F5R+/M''+




+PE5]R%,-HF89,[4%A;BR@&KP\%.JZ'B)(ZHJ(666(:.VGLLMZ+Y;2T
MW25 U?U]V72;P.TQQ
0G)/0]%Y+82P%U_0 2E
4@2WQ$ $0RL:*:A2DV1YP3
M5&I'H179$U
X^\3)B9D\9U8TZTU:1N1)C\9E*)&F#Y7)CB6Y4W*XWA?_/# S
MA-_AYF=
V@.'$ /D^T&4




L**A.OT1-M_'480Q



M R]-
(G8_QQM0-^7D1.Y3[8L(_SIY@Z-TKI)DB4Q_;!'D)QNB'-CY_[0*0TC


M)B%-0M_G)EP :



M

MUSMJ8Q1+A5#J5BRK5 _L^=2TR4-!L5$:1KRY!3I3=YF6J2=Y6=$B?0Y788,
M&?C
MW;Q%\^^E@VY6W[@@?*]UU$Y@4Q\*+(3T
HRJ
M

(IJZ
M


M=;]&YV

(PRB+XM2') 1)?UH@2!!-I![%4K=B66O?N*W\4;72I :58AFE
!'<#VC.<B
MM.^)
'G54R![T7JGXH^8TBDSI:EQ5W=EW9G-XB1@H2;R2.:% #)C238=2-

VU1Y$I6V

MOFP'QRDZ/

M@$TK3V]R

]BY9R=GOB^+8?UK35T5]?WF#^BABA:
0LM-
M(A^F$0@12/W^7%B0AJ'8D0R#YFQ'5]4Y\)A'W*_=ZJ;[AO.?=XHU;0VP;2H

&.$+T7/S#GT2MP


MAZIA4PM_.#R_KPXL4&##COU9N3FP;WWC2)W;0U[GNZ8053DC+(_+V]0$R^H:
TK%#*-+.*UBR)/*?'^3#'.K_9[/+VS&X4=FR+XI61Q7
M7-Y\9C\HK[<%_X45=&E




 /@[Y@3  ]MIJ0TCJCEBVKWLF5X/T1

RV
/K7TR8E$^)G





M%JWN9]O G-SK-_-/J?\&W-:;$$SQ+G+N6!+:*D5Q!L
0Q31
W1#Y20:\ 4&0
MI=&JJ9I\.SX)V+ KI?-'B



;
6R

!7!QY4G/!


C
6_

M?4SM=#7KH)*;3 93/WY7V^K/5O*/)GT/1D


,,*-\I]&]%TH28&]$VL\PO0^0,^U39[*NRZ_I]
M4Y<\I2R&(H4H#-P@2I((!CR_@ .W1T&0YP9RWBSMBT';$]P.R'45T3CY(LN


2]K:HGR*IBRIJ%BQ+XU6=;PHG7Z]Y*;Y]
GS8AXJNT;^_J?F265E'@$91A2#V$
M@@BG7A@?321^+/GTK]1'6U^D#FC&'M*TE )ZHF$TY:/ UC)ZOQKT5RD=9?^E
MT\K%_FF(K3!Q*<2(^! 2D(4$1%$TV$((3W&J&?!=B*YRXDV'-7)A*N84Y;C

$



79%F((D+\




C#KC0[ANQF0O50U
TCO]K?P-V&GU=ZX'?Y

NBXLKL(&J8FV#[HT%TX#QQ?F]XN!H0SS=C


M[@_Y;0I0C!*F%%F0$!IX)!V.\89^#&$@-TDJ&K$^/0ZX^//*HV=[['3V-UD9
Q&A$;K&5X(3\2W(GQVOOOS% 2)%Y^U3)1:?=EC
MO8'\GD^/3K[G]:N8
2-T?[H?O_&-7?=]U


'?5D1$K%R%^9)WMJJCO<7%]O!7H!AA [-(L
M EGJN@AY.!LLA:%LP1D5]:GLQZ(PP3CT(^LJAMYOS4

5B1?' +JDB!P ?#!<<D:^EX(1$Z:F+5H^1C*QV=S;U^X8_UJ

Y.;H9 4 R0@*8H@1+_]:#A;$U$J

 H&JX$;R#XQ


C?(

&-0H)ZY061
M1TD(*0P3-XLH86OJP4*69%+GSV4^=Y*4M(E4]/L





MN##*Z)'*YUO6H2

MU_\4FW]S=M7PW7*_/Q0;Z?*5\GR+*99MJN64ZHGEKQW+?^_(_3!.FJV:E^9
M&9$H'1Z7(4U:'KRN,:G)ADR(5.U.S/@)I6P!1F.:I4'/C\)AUL7(


M5!ROZB+?'^K'$T
9@![.4H RIL(I(




M[S$V(E8&Z5Z&;IETZ-63C(:YDJ@*



5YGYF8]
M+H23_GCK
^8:%5=[/[<U7SF?ZT0UU5S[O3$5Q_0PBF 5NC#
O




Z%

%#26WT0A3#C'S02\6K)L]]P:4VO9MOH915K:
M1RUM5F/4HB2SSEJLW##ECT'$601P"*$,A\,:!(/2;Y\9PO% F39LR[+8NUA
M39B--\1TTLRA+UZ<.4BS\BS58C^M0,MYJ2_1JS:$VG*ALL*(8)($ 9!&
4T





M2#$BT.?/3


X!S_N+PS@\[\X2*R=E4
M7
K)F#*-5M1KA*

:' 2R- J9O0
M?F7.;

M%S&]4F)(O

MD_SG6]_(YI!X]9\]!R5;^%N:+3'QL4N3G. 


@\(V[;<MUL?G*
M'P;(\GVQX87HF.'3C815'/AIEN'01T&/=<E(.E.1;)_^ F6/!QNR*CU:*V%






MU=4QR]1[DO;PL#YC\W-=/11U\_B9]<T&[C:\TM@#WP-B7W_8L/^6-^7KTX8K
M$A&(&*R&Q'J^6X$@FR A\-4L$CSY+L^3GS_^2WS_\&VDS?^41**_R/!S_
MS5NH8H(Y?;N-Z^JB&\R

^Z\G=UZ?ZEYJLVZJ]8%_3!LV







3C7@BE(-284=6A;ISGB^$
M#V5^Y
=I&/HP2SS70\3S!I


81







M=+UC(I;5;G688%OR0L9Y/MZ8G


9
M/#=( 84^(L
=0AC0(#4^;Y@$9WWV^*^J_@=;SSPK1&Y\^C#:7
8FD;G:R=I4


]^&T;GO7)YC/#.FA3Q2\0
M.0_/D [EW
TO8 RWH^TY:((&G&



MFZ+N*%@4&DEI-Y).P0D/J,F)Q] S3R27K,D,ZPT.%[H&-/QZ+T!I\V63D&





44^JY(#PB#G%*)UO@:.*T/*7PI

'/96A(9ZB1+G<YF8
+DXLAHZ]A8(;T-




E;3R3*



MMQLBY
.4I+Z/


M4?/M-M^_;0VEL9^&&%(XX3XA 84#M9-XN%4YX:-FRG)UMHKT:.1$)(AS^!

M@O3J4.[+?'=F'B ((^2!. M![ 




M\2[98TN\-'4IP7&:I8F?D Q'?H\MR2(L%()/B\AVP'[BA//D17M)K/6#GRNX

MH@'&;D9




M$7MEHG?)C0V2USNV7-E_+NJO=WE=9/F^7*]P D
0!C2(48I#&
8!/8Y#F&10
M[HJVF@V9T:)TK_IDO+ YV=ES:$Y^SP\F[9W?G&N.TOFEW#F;:KO-Z_W3;_TZ
B<+D]-

^



73^E1_MI%LN-.'-VK8_!)ZC.

YLAH--\BRQB?%ORJ;/=E
MN3'
 UK*_$9YD^^;NGJX*_8K[,81($;^QA%20A!G X!+ING(U=NNJ9L#XR
MOQ3L0_)=^3_=E;-^=$X[]-YB9F24:1&YC &EYT)EL&/)#9//^2
?HVQ
PO4_
0!0!(#A^C



M
GJIRZ%(1F

M89?^^3
?EOVKINK()O

M \K^UT-!0D!,0AQ;S;U9!ZNU7;F.41^(2O'8-R*3%])L628).2*+?N.N'O
M*&;M%V0N
7N/K!$=
\;S
B3


[X*8^U]6W<E-LLD?^ANZ'75]V


M0'7R(]9_E0N



192&
M;A@+,Y(Y..8#.NR) 'N\=+/E?@ZQZA]H='U_-[/E;SN]Y==8_9:9Y .[RN

M:)4!IW


[
M7M?%,_G=],ATA$2<0!4!ML*= 07&DS*GH\%6&#0HPN\RJ:;P\<*R[ T3TO4

M/C]ZUIX^[T Z'4KG@P#-=I[G$6%N1/?

K\

MZI[O:72KG%&?0!#1


K! PP4PVX:B3JO0

0)%BM7NRRU[;

M7D;A4V1;^!#GW7\/
N51]EILLO4N3=Y!Q$%^$$,7].L&_#X5/?Q'9C05G3


#\


I1#].YP\]9]R+?I3[VJ<J=G
M3&1U<+S!TF0P^ 

M/.DS\RYQDJ5.9-O-5WI;JOR/54L;/ZT+5=MCX/J6U[334#?\Z-J+
_8C_9
M?M)_8)KM\JY:W/1O-B==V 

=P
[@YFM&3X=U



0!0D
M3ARF'H[3
/9Z 1Q/C2WT^C6:%@M'@S/\33;
!4HYG+G/.)YT1TBXFG1&.9

(IL2%V

0)4H0DBOAHM3_.S?TM_?.O+)I$YW+60[







MD?$329

U<5Z/\J,
M926JFDVSP#YKGHJ@#4(W<%P8 ]07-






?PR[0Q:ES2DS/3^G4W#FC=1IXXJE3-VR:



_28E;_+[X
$N17?!!G@4\
.J$4UAP3?(WHX]SYRE
Y#C33X

S W.L3W'LUV28 )-XZC*,(1'/+JZ,G0V2O;L2LC'H5JT&-%/@4
D!
'58

Y;0R'W'[;#5_Z?
ME5LP56WA

MLI$0$]/]( Q +8:4D8\&\MM?I!SD&U%3$2+/Z*F1\9B'HIIQK1KA?19356;E

M&!*2[()#=HH\D1WMS* ;WA7O.Y:M#CN6:5+SF7')N1[
#+6Y%85!O_JP9K H

M0B9&7*@7)


V!RHRCJQ2


=5
$:X-K(YCLW3\&SV('WB.)6


M*()
\2J*.9)$%:7EIX72JLK8^G!$Q%E]D*-L+OH@B?Z#/JBPP'TP6W[-5]MU
M?O/4V4MRN@?*=[8Q_4^S*9;TR$CHGQ?/Y0/[9N4A_[Y)J-._+U+']H$+0)+B
M)  D]E

S[?'-^MNV+IH5/7*?*X<XS1!Q

SK;Z%]U^
MOH



CK.




M?%:^W3S17S/+-T_7=4Y?@U5OWTU %(8()SA)PX 5*0;^8#^-(-=7ZOJM&I9-

M/=T0R
FZ]J'@D7XADDXL#&:(GG[9
.179?H5%;S6R)JVF&YO!&

J
M1(0B@&
4^F%J.Z[MIH$_V(P%W-_:J!LR;  _'K??E#90;3N*$;K$*1 2KTZ
MIY?C2./2*28=OS8'3-;OB93Y2$&=48'O%49E5O+3!46&N3YCN,3#B:B//OZF
MC_1H]*4R\8;QWU?(^T36PF
!#

!S _=B'0AF]
MTD8

61DD:X_IBF7
Y18\3YZ1D/HI



SS[RJG

M\[*HZB]5^?R0UR\

]UU312

UMK[4
P


=$LJ%.@6-&!:J 8W0H5*=.=%XI4'2%-5I1^%
MQ?-!


2+W)[R+E_E+Z_L










M6:9A4.9[7:;#.8X+


<__$^5_13&K9=8(D'-B
M\3%![_1KCQ&O*K


L\W+!D#)!G1D**+3S9

R4F'



M=4:
]! \#UG2Y$MEXA44DZJ[?)
59;Y*LYHEPP[]):&/[138L0VAG81^BJ$W
M&/

OZ 2Z7VY?MFAY)5Q;.GXIEL?F+F%+)LLDG42
0






AQ





&YG9H
4_/0&CGH[W=G\OX+
MI *]UOG7O&R*;U2HEM5+_DN^N7EZR+[3WZVW[*/?6];]KRKA9E
7C]L-2TQZ
2]<.7JFG^<F51W]B*0[UKBW]W_EF]@]:AAZRJ
MZ<E8W42IX88&ZWPFUZ2OQSQ6BLE9^)A5-H-1X5V_;NOJJ=BP;CP T)\F/H(
M^VGL0]^E3QX
8.#'8H76!!XL(C=2WRTR82EZK5DSK1E7&?94G)G
$GS-8_[)
M *^4WQ6QM_QF\S6O/YF8S.0P.1=I K$+ H1!&#A^$+I./ 3N?'JL%
I0T&+0




!Z*ILN9SP+ANCCB3WJJEK]WP7?<U@6Z
M[6ZFVJ#\YXA^KMLSH)N&$;1;T.

M6C.K.H.I+:K']ZCN6&7#IMCD]WG]K5CFG1MW^;)Z+MNGM!XM6
5_5OP.1%[D
M.W$8')X3XDCH







(U/5/(^UFY*\%.!_UNQ0NUL?U








 Q1$*:. T HWK1+RHSX

F3R7?\:9U!L:W4$Q[J[P):A5O
?

? MY'KT%\-AGP 7)'/




88
MDL$LB-Q 


MPE







M?M;RNFL





FE
LG:[)B;]P.\-N#7 ;0.
M$%J_#1A/Q_@




M22[OO%3I7.F/2+BPY
L1-KU *.+_9!.@P@2/8'2'B;O\N6!GB'+S2_:2+P((
M
(0V] (G\D'D!*Z+!S

M33J$XC
&3NB$$EG3RX0:_$K32R

MI+X3VVEOQX





MUM3DA(


U@!*-# BR!9O6

MCOP_&P^18VIZB5!_R$6HL(OS2D+WG]7)3//]?5'YNO[/.MK'Q;8()0% 8H
M@(Y+DACY1S2M;S PUA,(N1LC

=:58/; 01





QR02?1SQR];M]G%=
M+





O0?^HUMMRD]7=!5*S
M2!
[C & .
401\2%0;*S$P18


5V!
TB4E+-Q


X^%_HK_[CGX8_H?_WF#7Y?_S3?P-0
M2P

M
C Q.#$R



MJKG85O_Z 4@FM7')9Y,T;ZG^MJ6 0BX@$0$0A$_*__\_UV_
O7;#K+B\G?
U_/LT

MD.:7Q]-U:*@.J?!I/OU[.EYDLXNK%0=+)JO)Y=L\_9*/0\-L%GX75GX#&IM]
MJ$
.O$^GD?%?L^-IVS5$A[/^






U#T-#R N&^G[M:NS
575Q^Z3SN-BD-H8NGLJ
M*ZWOROV[G^\?L^QJ

M


UJ/4O:X=P
Q.P^/-



;2

M57S


M:PYUZWAVC\

MEYE6Q4F-


F KA+KN[M#9C$I'W?HW
M

/UNWCN$?D


GJ@F*Z9VSNU
0!H7
2
)\#VW7X[I_UZ-XR
M0(\
58[99D53G$NG1$E!QPDI@H''@-



MM

 J=$V(I#



M9VO5]^_2?Q93$WWE!XZI&J
DEB'J'

ZPR08$JVXL9H2HK U+IA;:TYPS6 3M];K






T-GNFT=+?G:%]#U^-OY!710VX@3#E(LPG2\

M\#-SAY_R)#J6YWVAJ\Q-^KE8+Z62AFSV^[28[4/8H:Z)1L0SQ3SS0 N
'/:X

QE-LW26V6SUYYO)$V/9%]-_%-
_8T:.
5
M-NSS\T(B$@YU!21R@'LJH:
E5Q1!IQ9Z%
[ &GJA:S'\]?GA01
M2I#Q2*R?%C* &MR!@T04]V)OZ(7LAZ[S\,+:;T!&A@..!52(R^ \7-TO
F
M 5(#A%ACR==_!E.+O]T_@Z%4A.T8J!CDYZS&1








AW&+?1-;

MC^-E\QJQ_S[KZTHC?D!UE& E5*42*2-=H:BDI^8@4;QQ*_MW=00L%Y?)GUA
MO,(5PL99[D ''I.H! 64.




M)/I:),9T0PBR!W1A#%-

M$F!@&&5RF7@9EPR5.OS9 '(#?+S:VVG;G0@& 
6.B])J+A#7BDEHL/;.A3.E

B!







3
MN\5\]K&X3\?S^X]AHKN
VB9C)EXX%
CSB#C@.'6:LS(*Q&H@&NW% [Q3;]_T
#Y^[H


M^=\_]-1M


M;-(F('UMY1IZ!FE;0NE;9_R4ABY=*(Z;@1.&I9$*0X
+6T1--H0^SUH1Z!P@
7BK9(6!K-%!?NYW


$*4!
L9YRZ!8

M@R).+



M6.*

-.;.





.6#%JB

M9:JEA9'*^,GPA





;R-
O8


MR$#&8PZJDG



+7]CX)0H8[)P'D##B
J JF0TDC


 OC





2LE(F&DY9R]@DQN( 5Z.=FI9'
O4



M2'&/K((
$40T+.?.(:M4!&?XAD0K

M8P X83S!
OR]I#ONF WP
L#$79T;GNVS_.10B_



M2:\]+ZE1PC?1D0;H1.D2
XT8VQ=
*J9=/:!\UQ@E49(;QW'0 [@EF$58U-7
M?$!.\B:^6CH\@'6NA'?'^@% \&'^[]/;PXIYS9$2R95R'I%@ %,K15 &-BL;
M*63.Q&?4*5*JH[$%?26%6V:7F9QEH=/S^=-$T^)P]HR))%!#! 6CHB2(J#-









!QOO*C7#KA N0F[;LE-K8AIE+-A

0/AW1Q


MB[COH_$B/B[YO2@NO^7C\1[$U1HGX00(9EQ&EM&L'/8;8X:%2CZ^T?XR*@
LS$$:N5 HX392A'

M^;8G7\/T(WNJ;ZH[^R36AT.$(*2
D5 K3QU5)8T
@S
+ESHM&-N20J\9% )G

'







:
%I/?9MT<O9J;%)/QUM&) W3=1
M=8=*O$&0BJDL4&#!5@C:3<[N39-8E31STN+YVEANY7.
!]J+G-__WRFN1]1
MD!



@B*TUI+4







]DP45+[H/9JIP@Q'%/ %A3(2S5



7J:!\*C5G9


MMF8EJT7C]@K!UEW_.Y-#8J)
MD=\7D^(I=PZ?<_L[)HKXH$8C7'8H[WDV+*2HQ8BWD0YJGXA^LK1U2J+^SL'
M2_I+FS.?+


'8IO$)=:O9%'
T_&K _IPI=77JEGE
S]L2E_OT:.)


45+6

9[GWWM;-]HH EB'D(
MA4'$!64-F?6-@


MT-S9/A&0AK



KO]HN5%IX





XP(.K([04/8K@

RU0L*1$I8?%W?!CY6Q^(.903//6

MW5?AXX=*FFWOD2C+#$*82L  (8!0^B:/NNU.;?D'LUD_%S?;(6G)\3,X:)E
MN_HD



96S-0'G'#L*

M5\L#/$U:Q\:1?.PW 4^8K5K
<=8'Q,N[I':VP]+7@.:B7[NB68Q_LJK96TB)!8=@+XDE+,S9GE%6E#
MY)50=!1W^\+1N^Q[/DHGC^=\\*#:V2<13@ EI;?!@+-4,:H!W#.\C/+#]Z.

M:EOSQ%MAB.-:



M:)T0KHF@7@*N$(&84:1$.55*_=D*_1AI%6VSL\M=X6

M&J2)5D B(=;W%IC'2+T&$*B?

L

&7_O#S&R699N:8\NI?\ZFMQ=792:7
MO0 ZU#FQE*BPX7J#E*2



NZN'J48C'P-\;O7;Z9O$V_S1;YMA/KR)$2


!UR.YC3\HM4_J0WB__6+[/VG4N'NJ7&


=

M97KC2C!?*9:YHTOZ)_ZGV5:9Q=N\C\5X''



L&6JQ   HB;@4W/+-FL:P

!P
MK2^

Y]GEDG^W
M7_))=ODIC+6Z@KFX

M0=1)S0@!DFGB$?!*
M+O@,NAHS/-YNEWF?3:/T_TP+;[F@;_Z_H]9#;:0$N-YOG7?!X 7H$']0=+
M&;,*F8I0(PKQI11JN0,%N+,TN:U Y*B9Z[W=ET^+:[R^8'HU8=&B;.6^*]
MU19)X WWN&084V=7DZ!+





\CCSBZNE8KO/

MOQ;+VC?SFR+PZ&NV9O







?NQ_2^[AY

MMRB'(V]@S$TLB_


M6 /ZO.7KP\H]S2':NB!.Z'6)Y_YSGKW/:GI==@R2


D%

M[$*=O^ON\9E 9S(X



M6P%!T0G/3Z':O9G-%E$]J(ROPYT3%30
I! $))P3P&!
N-RP$39*-/IZC-TN

M9G?_

MSHWGW9)H82


M3QG@)7'4.=X$4


59/IOIQRRP




M@CFN 2[IIQHV 6'U.YG7K1-WP^K^$G($MH?E\2'-+P]EW7C2
I&0H[!T! :!
M
&\$QJ:\46)



2-]47=!;T


MKUVP;QD]43$$4@&A*#5
4:$^( 1!Q[;TL

V]8

JPUT)/L^EH5ZFN:CV/I
MDZ!\Q;2=G[+18EHUJ=;ASHF'G#A


=6K_EO'41-:E0
4'5I



MD+!A2HMU




2YN3$F4U6G]]
J
(E




M8Z;V=FUTET541YN_]';MNR5ZV3I!BF




2EH L8VJ5?P GOHFS.P+&/_(\NN;






&&GR&&;(

MP)RB)F53!EAOL5WLM
G9_A[TSM-HS);F^$'X;.^0*&J!0T I8#FU%E%2NJ(
MK]L@)L!!K&UBYM66-K;MC
:+6X7X^@+V95']/ 65'6
Q#+H#.&*.:(H%\(!



M.I)(D
UJH;A)1M(!VO%- /'R%5&'C.YM6UK&9;R9S19[;QX?-TN0@-!ZAB$0



8RLW!
M$I9Z$V?= *WEH4&P Q'U=Y7U4!RTV'&+LB1O[[56Q3$28JVB5EG-93AO!$2\



MSSH%UK[KI3V]$L^%L59*8O&RV&0XC];OA 67&O83)W&'+.]J*[M,?XD %NN
MA'+L6S2*A=H5:3MZ)YH::1'-+#. 0$%YEZ42XMCTJC20_4$/S\$Y-J1P&G#








F_
41&\O3'-IH?FFG$&$<J%70WAS$;FI<'?7PF8\L\

7UBT.?GH3
M)W\N\6J^*41(0:8IH R##5
1Q1[/)R!X



R0XT)[Q^EA_-:S#(*-\(JE4X)U WE_

+^QN9[O9Q5:!XZ4


MT]GL#)VJ- ] 2^0!X]IZA!PCQGEXF#G(9+&K]GGZJV=7!Y#W1;8*A#J
@#H$

U[&K-02UO\.$153OUP\?9Y/Y.AJGZ7KH

M/W*




XJ]X5J'TR_6B*T FY?*\G[Q?SN2[&\M\77FZ21YX.
M %NF+/:

0(


\<^?Y^



G']\^





=MQYPK!QQE%
(


\B ?4R6+(
M9YX.F!!IM /$
2-07!D.(<$4R&M88YI3DN,B,ORZQAE
M_'PK?#F?-J@C[ =:#VSRE9I=T[) H2&I1(%+1VA20*9V<'.3)1RHY*)1^.+






)@4& !.HKF.(06/


LE




MVLQO])[@1+0G'*4 0BB9=![J@W8(E

M^O$&@5DLM

 )X26CJ
 4+L%6E5_7&J%:A[5-T3+._FJ\TRQ?97+KSV



ZURR8.#!JF:-*




D2KR%+#R7I%+J6BOT1A#!VU6


MM'!62I%1+C6]

ME'H#T:6M

MXM9NEA'&/^)* M'OB_GZ^[FX^78^$ @FAEDB*5.$4& 
 :Y$ST.65:3R%X
'






&H[O/N9T)-(1N4)]*06X2DGB71M8Q:S!
5R

M 8450%
&!*)*2EC2D1FD*IUMC :KDV6ELM\9U2DF'9&$$FD\B7.7LG*6
!7W
4N8(O<Z!=SU\^\M8ND_%4OFH^T2+
MP#2CAA#F.=9 &T$IN7X#'!7YFO4CJB/U=W.AG:@NY)6AV).$*./1,RZA#*
M<XEUJ4=(2$%.Q.6H#TU:)%&+^/;%I%3KXG%O?] /88+*M/)-H%P [F#2$J
M
46&8V/+





MZ]/- ]



0
2O)4O!8N%(IX;!H'!B%
R[)7/I7G


W7T=I^-_^V6-YOW]1@;S^N

M8T0G?KTL#SG =L2/W4 _%7?3-+[Y^H_)_2EZ''LT

MREV2^C@


_KN8+



9GJSFJ:




QVT0Y+7?6V7E5]L6S

G


E%7BP /-XL?74YW\6YQK7L2



M( 99



MUQBL@Y9D
U  ]S,?J6^J9YD%CP+@ U$OBF146H,/($:0.7BG/VN!%5LS#^Z^B-9%
ME3
A%/! 8JJQUM91RGBY*2!I=









5


M)&@E':78 

M0 #1DYO
I28!2@%DG8V3A'GN&96'50


MD
E1S

MIF



M0NX6OA.0D0A9 :-Q)84F3HG2L**:'AER6$Z)G?_ NEEX_QML;C]:SJ;Q0%%
M=7(ROYO&'C_/B-#[QGFF3X^RK;3UGI/@)P;EXIZ*R&\-MQ M;O2=%82CRH=

MXA*X38\P=(J @18(XJ%DBHMH39MH3$OO=ZMW*KQFJF7AZP8/=9_NGOYO*^T/


_B]\7\_7WLX?A62\.3 -(

%B/F:?S\V2Q!S=X8 )$F!85KRBQA41_5B)7X

M1G@G/E:F-A#%B(D:GVV7J/'9XRFG 


!H

MR:'XHW!PY?BM6-PM)S^^3V\FIT+
SSX?K.6


M7!?M(UJ/):OBYE_N%G_^ZTURUEX^)*+P\B^))_P)3_8_#O_X?(04C[\
RAL?
M^PF8] 9Q8*1S97^QACS'J6YL#

ME:0


MZPF&-

MT4B2)UA1$\B^J:!N_G



K:9T=X=-G#/ML=


NE &TI0Q
MKMI+CG+*X8[(T:MO7K4&^ BTE/=54A97:!X@Q]&=3)RI(C#$6JU &]0B3'






MIUEI=4$8M:3K,H'7RY;%TE#0_@2$M6






D?ZR*;YO9^^FW
M.$;UAA-K<^6YH5P3+6 0D8S:.\TIHS Y@TEUJ8RA:]*;+3CB@C!J% E$H[R

M/?!'0

B9 ;H278%X
MTBJ96@.\(:TJU;'_%
=?G%#IG_T^.B,CWN_QT(#Q)6 ![LHJJ0NQW5NAM.
MA\IZ#JR=4^'D
O+BB8H-@)XK!'B&#*#HFQE!.0Y]!A1$I
0UF]E'0CS+J4



MH?3AV]
.[0.US&*U7GW^'J7]=;(J;C].'K9F886KSKP7!TJ1Y58R(BG2DD%
M]
[+V&(@A!OP[K/RP/33@57QL





+*3E.;E8QI
MQ&*O*[%%)V@VI




*RV WOZ^W1P_L=B_=_%^E-QL[B;3__O;!6JSKX9B%&8
M RT %QPRIYQ&N

NOI2%;0=M1/0\2SYX+%C'LNE(AZCQ:




M3P7G.-?


MB7#:/Z['^
J2 3=D55V'@^X%T1?%/Q6K]7)ZLRYNMXY)_YA/UZM/G_]Q

MV7:!BZU\=JR#SE&#.H]V

MU$EK(
_+F^;-83NZ*
M[2^373VLDW+-/@8BE(Y;O2;40J^Q(0R57@ &*)ASB#E&2_<:IV6W(G_]T]8O
MEM^*Z1/7[D$FYD^]);QJ'4[)9E !&E)T&'YM KH:U

2P(6T!CKO1 2.N<XO0P8Z%R


MZ3KS?J\GKK[
L-VB]3DR8#N&]XDE:5CG;\_/M H 



M^/:7/F6UCG-O


5WWOT6U?/E))6
5K?WT_DT:0A)T=\;(Y=Y5.L]
M05OJ)6*8$T\A!L0[+DLL$



MQAWP10RCP&!-I$+0(
^LV?M$ 40-NK+

M@:UES''!17G @CC#.=XV(^1U0U;U$?!53QO.^!+*Q!'I(#RD%H.:5E0A:

K250!#PW*R-%WU06A3

M)WW[#_UJ+M


M7DR!




5_XE_

MR*I
!])@=K7_V8 Y=UQYC8&U6F (+)(ETM**G+I2(ZRB




TO)
M6TB5=;,P0J?9D7T&?@CINCOT_EBN8W2B3*
TR_:(
_?L@OB^;U8?U_$WZ1P


M2R;%'X7M\5E:8WXK%G?+R8_OTYO)[$3=P[//!X* I@H8386

IC7H

+7O;@_?CHC[H^?

MSIP06'@D4W^I)L(3EE
W=D11E=V(NS9\O=\AJ4TT49

M8D.]()I25:I'6!K$KF

%^9%1[

_K(/SX'IQ2ROH4.@.Y$5906/97(9&S9HQP
MRVF- XT1[TCR5




=6&





J.PWLC

M
P4(Q/9P#V@ELCGF.G\;O!VGI'HD^Z'3ZO9_-OO(W&


60)J 
@QW 3OZ@_N


MK;E#R*0A4:M

M

MG[3^







M6

LI3D 5SL0Q)@)
UF5GSX]M.%9$K(N/?CW/F^@HV6<. 4Q)KJJ*L
M+7'
0\.@23F2




RJ:-)(Z#Q&@#.L2%$MDUA79&*G7(DT6HQ#)
M 
Y



ZQSTOA9!O5E%XR3:*XO[K]/Y5IJ?#@9NN:1/


LZ8( 0ZK22G\:]*'29.5&*NS?SH^.@F%^#!J'3Z.-M&


A]





4D]T@)
M4Q[&:2&RBV,,,RYIT.G!L@.QIO?EHM5K55NVR! (:R2&$.#+0(8&U+_49S

8ZA4$YC8_5AH34D*_]?]1N9Y]%#


;4D #:] OUQ)D5K-
M!!51Y]  6P^0HI#S$JQTNGQMKBAMLG5$@FG(XBKS+';H?C*/7=JF-\BO#G/T



9$

MK0@L\32
9]57&F&Z_*'W]/9%

YW?[Z-C%O#X3C[TD&
6=X5HR
M* TGDFN(RX
.21S+2L


J:)7Y

MXR%-Q;I(]80T
 G+F_C5IV*UF:4$)MM4_)ME$LW'K8B_I-)YNWO]!IRM^8$


@
K_YRNO\?GDU VZ^^+Y26_Q5:_$[P$DGO'.'066^RY
MXW/I=2(YAC2U?V]?NTIPXKU%9[_Q5 *4*5@MQY+RGY1(@'<4Y]QZU_;YV




'TW?O3;+6)*J-\
M^GR@B%)&M'

DURZ']<?ZZ4%\UDN&@+
MQYYX8!?WD^FQ2AE'GPM1(73.:&PII  0*P1^S%(CL&5K!%9TCO.@$;X];46

CVQ-N1AV9?Q
M?U@7HT98;--B55$P#@\':E/A+&0XA)!Z#Z#1O!R5!3SG





%*T'(FV
MK)]TK#TFQ6B?*_51[/LT?G 'SK8/XXECE&'MC8FX8Z.
B4#O+C^PA=7J G;O

T:D]Q2EJ&.EXOY6HLQ=M8O/UW6JTC;]CB@.(Y#4D$O4&-P#
M^ERI+#8H[AM:68P\\,)AM@LQ<]XX*H99%WK*^K/*)+$0+]8?I[
BL=A7'(H

1EA#$5KDZV^EJ?&][BP






M BX




#J30-TJ+MAN7C7N\5;FK///-
?^CR(B(MGU$.BJ-0
MH*A:5#/S9-A*5

+

(2$JXDXA;4.VVQ#J5DN%\@BSI4CM)!G





M?'Y0?'U6EA%8WW_*OQ?SB.-)0IQN%(A3\;34W!)G)/)


I4AQO)IB=


MJF@@_N
- K( JCA=A!5UUJ
RLV@U8*]\@4:UVI\913H#-6V-C*K%%_Z6SQ


MH)6YF&G$4I(Z0_!ST*@OL-.8]*ZLGGVU38-U=?]B:U3KMV_TAT\?YYL5^NVT



MSP/'VF]+ND6U#GJ I0&ZFIDB)
Y25=\#68E(!O2[N$*4K[FS+ZI/GAV5?!:\N@
M D1[2QV%! %3#<U;SXM3*4S215=0=I2VK\7W_/EHEBJQ?67KWE9YR5;W'^X








MCR[\9U\$QP'#6N)X
=96



&4.P QBI.95 B@N$+
M.=O;2ZWH#\R67/#%,I_=+FISX.CW0<?SC?EX[;0<$X6YH+XZJXCV21Y/$SKC
M.Y%]5R .99']\71[6Z,PUI$6P6%-*-*1T01[ZS5VIN(TQ1*G*(*3CQ;M,K59
M6T3'88S/KG)U5P8FUJ;,8Y-@"(&E)ZA1F/#%42L.E2II.H\SHGR?DD;UK#



$:MQ'B.J^


XQR+?RRR







;[-UOD^)5F;&

7=W6Q;=+D!IQKW'4\.&#)
MN&4,20U!]Q6
@B/QVK D.\4%F^%[QCGA







\0I*OIL3-.Q2$HQT)=BB
M6SC'
*R=3SYXH$X%X=9IB.-IS+7!.'J=[S_M(+J^K0
4F2\1QN([F**MEU



M4=(BS!]W49;TCCP]FJ2(MD[AMV9HON3):T6RZ?1?JP+X+.CX]*;\\N
 '&!





D0UX
CL




_5$5^
;PZK*K30Q  .XFY]A AA#&+Q[BOIB1E4OFX

M]4D%KJQV0\6(89X;B] R U9V0.\
N^KJ=]K3.48Y&A3

M
!%W

*




!&^:P-TJYJ/VR90R





*
MP(= *L

#$46)









YG#RR*?WA.GOBCX!;KV?K^


MWP0MD;60:(&1B$J?H





Z YQA=V.';.MW[A'HI^

MA^7GS;=O\^V?LWE[=J;^@DLA=!2;#FGD#D*7![]!+N7A.L1.3X0=6 HC


N\)
V.B<CZI$NKKX4U3&1==XSH47]X7BW\U


M%:JC;0+VVL$X11Q!-


MM3XD
CP;5_K^R/#/*F[U.RG=KRF6




Y)BV6PE*)H338240MT+N@5@
T2ZI).T$5J$_A-P:SY?G22\9)+IVT
)OB.S!!/Z<^:) (:9]D^%1F5C^1F7S_[\'$#0MC+86G





MIV




MR^]PA.Y

_7WW-KS?S_$/U5O0QN]_&L/ZJI)A0




M@08

W:R;5CQI]2N=9XZ#C@!$EM/9:5P@ZD92B


Z*FBU0C$;Q&%RDDN)+*Q:D1Y1AG#GM8








& OV6A[D8)A8IP%W^I$XE\C\9
%-








:56AB^^Z
8(O$PX4#H7Z.M9'E7IL+?%XO9+OKRKDABT
MR4G1Z:\.U MAX[0]0(!'#EAO=Z719#SA38IWWO)9'$)BZA3(;?TFWLYW=S








6A1H7'8

V4ZQV)

MC8
ST
0KE=&&2.)%O%79:CN7V/M!2T1=!K42(1Z*6&\6W_/5NC3KQ'50+*ZS
MY7T%RO\\2/*T1:U6^PUA%83 R@&GLMX%XI*PV[N)BZVR_?C&-*6UH=,AN?C
M2M\?&?Y9LUK]3H(B*&[KEE(F)1#2:4VJ!:]*D_-SM8Q-XXRKV/@6UY1/Q81


X;$C=$ 3MFB+'&-@#^(






MW$IX8:EI!V9$O3S:S40P'L':Y]%66AH&D2ISITK G8PWRVJ&5)
+R\&3*N:Z



_4K^M%!T0YR]8$B8P8











H)RCV%961UC*SPS^UD3



M)PUHA.^P20..;\_-2-:BMZY85 9PK!D .B -OCHBW!EV6/ZYQW_4/^*[W


I/KD3).^X&MZ(@AM.+[R:9ZO5[&;V8#7R




L[(S)
MR_-QO0/)=%!=_L DRL$_C6%6U_]O\_ FO!7(!_.FSD/ =N?RQ;(,-HV67[.

(QKVX]K\LL

=\V2%RCG?SN@#RS @&G
M%7
4&U@^O%:8:ZE3+$V33


)ID?YE4LI!$D


M/GMXJD79DST$!R6W'&)I)--


M0-NPM$9'05+A2*F(





M.5.S\W3+8+25BI


L)IM7J%U?3DDMVR(R7G.L+]);T6RW73Z@7__:<=O%'
M3SV&MO4AW^7KK\7U8VV2ES_-\U(M.7(2IW89D(44EJ$;QCA#$*8:LQTR$F&8

WS$9X\P8Y^'R1D1F
N$-&..62LI-6E2GD^;+6I


MN-Q-D3-7L^U@3]GKGGP6D$$R*LE4EZ\Z&FM$L:UF0K =-$G[
)6U)\B2%[F4



MHJ2A=9X*4)F7#+!V4*O$+X(/+


M6]X_SO





M#FDC&7$2L-]F290JYUV+YE4HI;C8C_SKB&:





DD2:#.N.]
M]FTG=JAB&**1;R,;JY*8;U91#ANH_3.T^94LT\LE8C214WW'B!E-[/E#&7

1=ZN(7.H#+L%.$6X=)<YS&*]KE%4+._Z UZIC//031TKI
MO\?*<UI[!R+\Y0:$01DO+_N9R[ H&E=IU'PKS87:C]PM 1[F/6^B6
N/LVN

M-L8JC V@SDK(
'T0A#&J#



MGW8/?!5O+HR$$\MHEA4EFG&);5T*11*14S)OAZUOE6G@9GNJ1/;N$OO@M4

] M)Q+IW?(@9?B9Y@DF

@Y;8VH7V].]%W!N5@+N:S[
_9?+:^]\7R

H=AS9

M[PA2 'H%(X:0_RKH\P22RBH]:8Y B9U//CJ=18




M[YPYFKJM%S$

M) 2X-#?T_HAR

@9GV+P

,ET@S-0<,<J%4&0&=  X)P(R5J!H:

6*683WY!27LM23!'
R]*$9?A/P


'?#A!9ARA 3#CGP + HSX 2.[85+-0$I.


PA1[E4U8[)+($7DA6E!_$4Z6BV%.Z[XOYCMOSK




W

O(V_M_UE^SO$Z1K
MT5N(4!/%4%QAFG+G%.Z\C^7@[[OC-$Q=%N2%(
#?Q0A-S6BX]7[)O9J:0_
M3[X*7A*%F8#






MY1IW%@ $RDK%&4! 6(XB
-5[A(**I:0DE3\)_7I'?2@N=E$

@8$P8P*4CC! 'F:5[)#!+2NH#&]OM7^WN



M*X#R&)6AJ0926*' L$^)IYH@!7MF2LTS+5D
8Y#Q;$#5RX\#UY)H83BA&
?C


@Y1
M

(.F%N3UW)^]D*-M+W


41G);X\1;!


M*E!%L'.48 8!]18JPRHU1%HI4X0]01_3[I9X H@MY?MI=IO=E6DE/F?SS5V9
MJV)6?/[MXV_J3
K0


^3@=
M3I&L+#X:L'I!
Z_G






MT


MZ8]%%
(!0_ZQ



B+?+UZZ99ATBW/ RWA^_UI_S;P]G\X<;F?QZ[MQW\-GO














ARRYQ)T<61.\.<DBG]H9ZN],0C
M@R0.]V)YVE<^GWG+(<24@B 3Y4Q:JJK)V^(ZI+0.

=7#@ 5^9A?Y?:J_-U!'V2KB-KG?-+?YYGO^ME:%
MOLO-,XFPI8@[BPAE 'J*I3U*+FV7362Y3J2&R/]P#X*X9Z$JM&W)3_AG5)
M=Z:+C#$'@H'O*0E[MK& 60TK!+%<][&.I.B7FQH5\Q;;G;55_I=K'E4%8_P




M3GDN$_2V#+HP]8IT




M$\VP3[5WQ2N-

MY?+F$V

P@?OP14,RB0 <8)PB(-4O+(3HC9O9V=9]J[H[F!+R[3;;L

-/KI176-W)ISO!&^SDFW=GQ)-Y2
*W/4/EXD9^LDT6
<?\^_Y)N8K
M7


M^CAI9+=B%1.DU



4*$83%)$TACO(Q/V?G07
=UXP#:(;I

6TVC49-\3
BSW)
G_HC0*ZPCAB9(@7S8;.,KS<(@804 MAIHL/.ZO/=S5:$);?3?Z37

@


MULK&)ZP]QZZ


HWZ7T%Z G8!G)OCDAJ6' $ 9IQPCRP2O)&<
SRP@8F13N2WLHQN
M''-=@I4?SR R%'FBG9(2A!FJ$1*E9! BE/2YEN^61:W'^\7F_OQW8RU57Z.
M3^U0'FW!:K0\;;-@QSD=GWJD$E%@


-80AI
4J*)(RZH&Q)M?:U(Q%$P
MJ+


MB^]Y/$XOU]5X_G@TGB/ROQ6K53AP_['8W+XB7;N.



M]/W^T'0HA@-^$B1[NBO]
W]MO6O742:$\(8#2Z3B#%L5\)9'-!CN8OK4/PP]


MJ$S

&Z
HH=H[12EG
37;E3()0$&7*K(3


V07 !F)=4

MN[R%

OQ


(WO:J
M6M<!YX=R9GNJWSB#@G#H#$$Q.<B$2+EHSK:*V;JO5/4XZWH

+G)




!UZRRAP



_-3M27!\U+W \$[TN1]M]AL0D??1Z]ZUG8R6\F(

PA*

MBM;S=:V1_;7JFBL;K'\Z@
M



WC\.SO]LU:W=SLON[V;Z;O
M8]3KA^\4N^WBZ_YS$?\5I]ITRJ8%



MR:K(7!Y.EVN)5WC\P+JJ #EC&$(*4:&


M*#?^D

M

OS0CRFII# 4280U85RP



M*)!&(5KAP$BG7/CK/#ZVI



A)
7$8 (
H0(++FAUR2X!




U[P1]/
M:V//EBA-1[OE*'GT^Q






8

48A













4     20TY.?!VX\C4M! !'PD\

3@Q
C
P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (
M ))#3DX-+$*G

M ( !Q%$$ '!P8RTR
#$X
3(S

MAUS?S@  )T@* !0              ( !)90$ '!P8RTR
#$X
3(S
%]D968N

M-F
% '!P8RTR
#$X
3(S

M&@$ 7FT. !0              ( !LA@' '!P8RTR
#$X
3(S



