

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000802481-15-000015
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141228
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150212
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150212
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PILGRIMS PRIDE CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000802481
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	POULTRY SLAUGHTERING AND PROCESSING [2015]
		IRS NUMBER:				751285071
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1226
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09273
		FILM NUMBER:		15601892
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1770 PROMONTORY CIRCLE
		CITY:			GREELEY
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80634
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9705068000
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1770 PROMONTORY CIRCLE
		CITY:			GREELEY
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80634












		


Washington
December&#160;28
1770 Promontory Circle
 Greeley
Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
Common Stock
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1)&#160;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website
 if any
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&#160;405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of Registrant&#8217;s knowledge
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
The aggregate market value of the Registrant&#8217;s Common Stock
 $0.01 par value
June 29

$1
691
841
&#32;For purposes of the foregoing calculation only
 all directors
February&#160;11
&#32;was 259
700
Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Corporation (referred to herein as &#8220;Pilgrim&#8217;s
&#8221; &#8220;PPC
&#8221; &#8220;the Company
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; &#8220;our
&#8221; or similar terms)
 which was incorporated in Texas in 1968 and reincorporated in Delaware in 1986
 is the successor to a partnership founded in 1946 as a retail feed store. We are one of the largest chicken producers in the world with operations in the United States (&#8220;U.S.&#8221;)
 Mexico and Puerto Rico. We are primarily engaged in the production
 processing
 marketing and distribution of fresh
 frozen and value-added chicken products to retailers
 distributors and foodservice operators. We offer a wide range of products to our customers through strong national and international distribution channels. Pilgrim's fresh chicken products consist of refrigerated (non-frozen) whole chickens
 whole cut-up chickens and selected chicken parts that are either marinated or non-marinated. The Company's prepared chicken products include fully cooked
 ready-to-cook and individually frozen chicken parts
 strips
 nuggets and patties
We market our balanced portfolio of fresh
 prepared and value-added chicken products to a diverse set of over 5
000 customers across the U.S.
 Mexico and in approximately 95 other countries
 with no single one accounting for more than 10% of total sales. We have become a valuable partner to our customers and a recognized industry leader by consistently providing high-quality products and services designed to meet their needs and enhance their business. Our sales efforts are largely targeted towards the foodservice industry
 principally chain restaurants and food processors such as Chick-fil-A
&#32;and retail customers
 including grocery store chains and wholesale clubs such as Kroger
 Wal-Mart
 Costco
As a vertically integrated company
 we control every phase of the production process
 which helps us better manage food safety and quality
 as well as more effectively control margins and improve customer service. We operate feed mills
 hatcheries
 processing plants and distribution centers in 12 U.S. states
 Puerto Rico and Mexico. Our plants are strategically located to ensure that customers timely receive fresh products. With our global network of approximately 3
750 growers
 28 feed mills
 36 hatcheries
 27 processing plants
 five prepared foods cook plants
 14 distribution centers
 eight rendering facilities and three pet food plants
We are one of the largest
 and we believe one of the most efficient
 producers and sellers of chicken in Mexico. Our presence in Mexico provides access to a market with growing demand and has enabled us to leverage our operational strengths within the region. The market for chicken products in Mexico is still developing with most sales attributed to fresh
 commodity-oriented
 market price-based business. We believe our Mexico business is well positioned to continue benefiting from these trends in the Mexican consumer market. Additionally
 we are an important player in the live market
We have approximately 35
000 employees and have the capacity to process more than 34.7 million birds per week for a total of more than 10.2 billion pounds of live chicken annually. In 2014
 we produced 7.5 billion pounds of chicken products
The Company operates on the basis of a 52/53-week fiscal year that ends on the Sunday falling on or before December&#160;31. The reader should assume any reference we make to a particular year (for example
The U.S. consumes more chicken than any other protein (approximately 32.0 billion pounds projected in calendar year 2015 according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture (&#8220;USDA&#8221;))
 and chicken is the second most consumed protein globally after pork. The U.S. is the world&#8217;s largest producer of chicken and is projected to produce approximately 39.2 billion pounds of ready-to-cook broiler meat in calendar year 2015
 representing 20.3% of the total world production. Brazil and China produce the second and third most broiler meat
 with 15.0% and 14.9% of the world market
 respectively
According to the USDA
 the export of U.S. chicken products increased at an average annual growth rate of 3.7% from 2003 through 2013. The U.S. is the second-largest exporter of broiler meat behind Brazil. The U.S. is projected to export 7.4 billion pounds in calendar year 2015
 which would account for 30.6% of the total world exports and 18.8% of the total U.S. production
According to the USDA
 chicken production in the U.S. increased from 2003 through 2013 at a compounded annual growth rate of 1.3%. The growth in chicken demand is attributable to (i) relative affordability compared to other proteins such as beef and pork
 (ii) the increasingly health conscious nature of U.S. consumers
 (iii) chicken&#8217;s consistent quality and versatility and (iv) its introduction on many foodservice menus. In addition
 global protein demand continues to be strong
 consistent with rising standards of living and a growing middle class in developing countries around the world. USDA estimates from 2010 through 2020 show an anticipated increase of global chicken demand of 29%
 81% of which is expected to come from emerging markets. We believe our relationship with our largest stockholder
 JBS USA Holdings
&#32;Items that influence chicken pricing in the U.S. include international demand
 changes in production by other broiler producing countries
 input costs and the demand associated with substitute products such as beef and pork. We believe our focus on sales mix enables us to adapt to changing supply demand dynamics by adjusting our production to maximize value. We also benefit from a shorter production lifecycle of broilers compared to other proteins. While production for cattle takes approximately 28 to 39 months from breeding to slaughter and the production for pork takes 11 to 12 months
&#32;Broilers are fed corn and soybean meal as well as certain vitamins and minerals. Corn and soybean meal accounted for approximately 38.9% and 37.5% of our feed costs
 respectively
 in 2014. Broiler production is significantly more efficient from a feed perspective than cattle or hog production. Approximately two pounds of feed are required for each pound of chicken
 as compared to approximately seven and 3.5 pounds for cattle and hogs
 respectively. We have sought to mitigate the impact of feed price volatility on our profitability by decreasing the amount of our products that are sold under longer term fixed price contracts
We are one of the largest chicken producers globally and a leading chicken producer in the U.S. with a 17.5% market share
 based on ready-to-cook production in 2014
 according to WATT PoultryUSA . We are also one of the largest chicken producers on a global basis. We believe we can maintain this prominent market position as we are one of the few producers in the chicken industry that can fully satisfy the requirements of large retailers and foodservice companies due to our broad product range
 national distribution vertically integrated operations and technical capabilities. Further
 our scale of operations
 balanced product portfolio and a wide range of production capabilities enable us to meet both the capacity and quality requirements of our customer base. Finally
We have a diversified product portfolio ranging from large to small birds and from fresh to cooked to processed chicken. In addition
 our prepared foods segment is focused on our most profitable product lines. We believe we are well positioned to be the primary chicken supplier for large customers due to our ability to provide consistent supply
 innovate and develop new products to address consumer desires and provide competitive pricing across a diverse product portfolio. Our balanced portfolio of fresh
 prepared and value-added chicken products yields a diversified sales mix
We benefit from strong relationships with leading companies in every customer segment
 including Chick-fil-A&#174;
 Sysco&#174;
 US Foods
 Yum! Brands&#174;
 Kroger&#174;
 Wal-Mart&#174;
 Costco&#174;
 Publix&#174;
 Sam&#8217;s Club&#174; and ConAgra Foods&#174;
 all of whom have been doing business with us for more than five years. We sell our products to a large and diverse customer base
 with over 5
000 customers
We are an efficient and lean organization supported by our market-driven business strategy. We also have a shared service center as a majority owned subsidiary of JBS USA. Since 2008
 we have closed
 idled or sold 13 plants and 14 distribution centers
 reduced or consolidated production at other facilities
 streamlined our workforce and reduced administrative and corporate expenses. In addition
 we continue to make significant production improvements driven by improved yields
 labor
 cost savings and product mix. We utilize zero-based budgeting and plant-level profit and loss analysis
 driving engagement and ownership over the results at each plant. These strategic initiatives have reduced our cost base
&#32;Our leading market position
&#32;margins. We also have a proven track record of disciplined capital allocation. We have spent approximately $378 million since 2011 in capital spending towards identified projects with rapid payback
 further driving our profitability. Since the end of 2011
We have a proven senior management team whose tenure in the chicken industry has spanned numerous market cycles and is among the most experienced in the industry. Our senior management team is led by William W. Lovette
 our Chief Executive Officer
 who has over 30 years of experience in the chicken industry. Our management team has successfully improved and realigned our business and instilled a corporate culture focused on performance and accountability. We also benefit from management ideas
 best practices
 and talent shared with the seasoned management team of our controlling stockholder
 JBS USA
 and its parent company
 JBS S.A.
 which have over 50 years of combined experience operating protein processing facilities in South America
PPC is a majority-owned subsidiary of JBS USA
 an indirect subsidiary of Brazil-based JBS S.A.
 which beneficially owns approximately 75.5% of PPC&#8217;s outstanding common stock. As such
 we work closely with JBS USA&#8217;s management to identify areas where both companies can achieve synergies. As part of our integration plan
 we moved our headquarters to Greeley
 Colorado
 the headquarters of JBS USA. In addition to cost savings through the integration of certain corporate functions and the rationalization of facilities
 our relationship with JBS USA allows us to enjoy several advantages given its diversified international operations and strong record in commodity risk management. We seek to leverage JBS USA&#8217;s international network by expanding into untapped international markets and strengthening our presence in geographies in which we already operate. In addition
&#32;We have developed and acquired complementary markets
 distributor relationships and geographic locations that have enabled us to expand our customer base and provide nationwide distribution capabilities for all of our product lines. As a result
 we believe we are one of only two U.S. chicken producers that can supply the growing demand for a broad range of price competitive standard and specialized products with well-known brand names on a nationwide basis from a single-source supplier. Additionally
&#32;As production and sales grow
 we continue to focus on improving operating efficiencies by focusing on cost reductions
 more effective processes
Between 2011 and 2014
 these initiatives have resulted in approximately $841.0 million of cumulative operational improvements
 including from reduction of plant-related costs and improved sales mix and product yield. Between 2007 and 2014
 our SG&amp;A has also decreased by approximately 250 basis points as a percentage of net sales
&#32;We will continue our focus on expanding international sales by seeking opportunities to increase penetration in our existing markets and entering attractive new markets. Expansion of our export sales complements our U.S. chicken operations and positions us to capitalize on expected global demand growth
 particularly in emerging markets. Utilizing the extensive sales network of JBS USA
products into our international distribution channels. Our relationship with JBS USA has improved our access to markets such as Africa
 the Middle East
We have a results-oriented culture with our business strategy centered on reducing fixed costs and increasing profitability
 consistent with JBS values. Our employee accountability has further increased as we have de-layered the organization through our recent restructuring and cost improvement initiatives. In addition
 we continue to invest in developing our talent internally. As a result
We operate in one reportable business segment
 as a producer and seller of chicken products we either produce or purchase for resale in the U.S.
 Puerto Rico and Mexico. We conduct separate operations in the U.S.
 Puerto Rico and Mexico; however
 for geographic reporting purposes
Our primary product types are fresh chicken products
 prepared chicken products and value-added export chicken products. We sell our fresh chicken products to the foodservice and retail markets. Our fresh chicken products consist of refrigerated (nonfrozen) whole or cut-up chicken
 either pre-marinated or non-marinated and prepackaged case-ready chicken. Our case-ready chicken includes various combinations of freshly refrigerated
 whole chickens and chicken parts in trays
We also sell prepared chicken products
 including portion-controlled breast fillets
 tenderloins and strips
 delicatessen products
 salads
 formed nuggets and patties and bone-in chicken parts. These products are sold either refrigerated or frozen and may be fully cooked
 partially cooked or raw. In addition
Value-added export and other chicken products primarily consist of whole chickens and chicken parts sold either refrigerated for distributors in the U.S. or frozen for distribution to export markets. We sell U.S.-produced chicken products for export to Mexico
 the Middle East
 Asia
 countries within the Commonwealth of Independent States (the &#8220;CIS&#8221;) and other world markets. In the U.S.
 prices of these products are negotiated daily or weekly and are generally related to market prices quoted by the USDA or other public price reporting services. Prices for export sales are determined by supply and demand and local market conditions. In certain newly accessed international markets
 we have established premium brands
Our primary customer markets consist of the foodservice and retail channels
Our foodservice market principally consists of chain restaurants
 food processors
 broad-line distributors and certain other institutions located throughout the continental U.S. Within this market
 we service frozen
 fresh and corporate accounts. Fresh and frozen chicken products are usually pre-cut to customer specifications and are often marinated to enhance value and product differentiation. Corporate accounts include further-processed and value-added products supplied to select foodservice customers
 improving their ability to manage product consistency and quality in a cost efficient manner. We believe we are positioned to be the primary or secondary supplier to national and international chain restaurants who require multiple suppliers of chicken products. Additionally
 we believe we are well suited to be the sole supplier for many regional chain restaurants. Regional chain restaurants often offer better margin opportunities and a growing base of business. We believe that our full-line product capabilities
 high-volume production capacities
 research and development expertise and extensive distribution and marketing experience are competitive strengths compared to smaller and non-vertically integrated producers. Foodservice growth is anticipated to continue
Our retail market consists primarily of grocery store chains
 wholesale clubs and other retail distributors. Our retail market products consist primarily of branded
 prepackaged cut-up and whole chicken and chicken parts. We concentrate our efforts in this market on creating value for our customers through category management and supporting key customers in expanding their private label sales programs. Additionally
 for many years
 we have invested in both trade and retail marketing designed to establish high levels of brand name awareness and consumer preference. We utilize numerous advertising and marketing techniques to 
 County Post
 Pierce Chicken
&#32;brands. We believe our efforts to achieve and maintain brand awareness and loyalty help to achieve greater price premiums than would otherwise be the case in certain markets and support and expand our product distribution. We actively seek to identify and address consumer preferences by using sophisticated qualitative and quantitative consumer research techniques in key geographic markets to discover and validate new product ideas
Our export and other chicken market consists primarily of customers who purchase for distribution in the U.S. or for export to Mexico
 the Middle East
 Asia
 countries within the CIS and other world markets. Our value-added export and other chicken products
 with the exception of our exported prepared chicken products
 consist of whole chickens and chicken parts sold in bulk
 or value-added form
 either refrigerated or frozen. We believe that U.S. chicken exports will continue to grow as worldwide demand increases for high-quality
Historically
 we have targeted international markets to generate additional demand for our dark chicken meat
 for which there has been less demand in the U.S. than for white chicken meat. We have expanded our portfolio to provide prepared chicken products tailored for export to the international divisions of our U.S. chain restaurant customers
 as well as newly identified customers in regions not previously accessed. Through our relationship with JBS USA
 we have developed an international distribution channel focused on growing our tailored export program and expanding value-added products such as all-vegetable-fed whole griller birds
 chicken franks and further processed thigh meat. Utilizing the extensive sales network of JBS USA
The following table sets forth
 for the periods beginning with 2010
1
787
2
046
2
239
2
135
2
262
4
703
4
123
3
583
3
160
2
834
620
715
817
808
581
7
111
6
885
6
640
6
103
5
678
900
864
758
720
615
8
011
7
750
7
398
6
824
6
293
535
614
608
674
558
35
46
113
36
29
571
660
722
711
587
8
583
8
411
8
121
7
535
6
881
The following table sets forth
 beginning with 2010
&#32;Fresh chicken is an important component of our sales and accounted for $4
704.0 million
 or 66.2%
 of our total U.S. chicken sales in 2014 and $2
835.0 million
 or 49.9%
 in 2010. Most fresh chicken products are sold to established customers
 based upon certain weekly or monthly market prices reported by the USDA and other public price reporting services
 plus a markup
 which is dependent upon the customer&#8217;s location
 volume
 product specifications and other factors. We believe our practices with respect to sales of fresh chicken are generally consistent with those of our competitors. The majority of these products are sold pursuant to agreements with varying terms that set a price according to formulas based on underlying chicken price markets
&#32;In 2014
 $1
787.4 million
 or 25.1%
 of our U.S. chicken sales were in prepared chicken products to foodservice customers and retail distributors
 as compared to $2
262.1 million
 or 39.9%
 in 2010. The production and sale in the U.S. of prepared chicken products reduce the impact of the costs of feed ingredients on our profitability. Feed ingredient costs are the single largest component of our U.S. cost of sales
 representing approximately 40.8% of our U.S. cost of sales in 2014. The production of feed ingredients is positively or negatively affected primarily by the global level of supply inventories
 demand for feed ingredients
 the agricultural policies of the U.S. and foreign governments and weather patterns throughout the world. As further processing is performed
 feed ingredient costs become a decreasing percentage of a product&#8217;s total production cost
 thereby reducing their impact on our profitability. Products sold in this form enable us to charge a premium
We establish prices for our prepared chicken products based primarily upon perceived value to the customer
 production costs and prices of competing products. The majority of these products are sold pursuant to agreements with varying terms that either set a fixed price for short-term periods or set a price according to formulas based on an underlying commodity market such as corn and chicken price forecasts
 subject in many cases to minimum and maximum prices. Many times
 these prices are dependent upon the customer&#8217;s location
 volume
&#32;Our value-added export and other products consist of whole chickens and chicken parts sold primarily in bulk
 nonbranded form
 either refrigerated to distributors in the U.S. or frozen for distribution to export markets
 and branded and nonbranded prepared chicken products for distribution to export markets. In 2014
 approximately $620.0 million
 or 8.7%
 of our total U.S. chicken sales were attributable to U.S. chicken export and other products
 as compared to $581.3 million
 or 10.2%
Presently
 this category includes chicken by-products
 which we convert into protein products and sell primarily to manufacturers of pet foods. In addition
 many of our U.S. feed mills produce and sell some livestock feeds to local dairy farmers and livestock producers. Until November 2011
 this category also included products sold through our distribution centers. In 2011
 we had regional distribution centers located in Arizona
 Texas and Utah that were primarily focused on distributing our own chicken products. In November 2011
 we sold the distribution centers to JBS Trading International
 Inc.
 a wholly owned subsidiary of JBS USA. See &#8220;Note 15. Related Party Transactions&#8221; of our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this annual report for additional information on the sale of the distribution centers. In addition
 we marketed fresh eggs under private labels
 in various sizes of cartons and flats to U.S. retail grocery and institutional foodservice customers located primarily in Texas through August 2012. In August 2012
 we sold our commercial egg operation to Cal-Maine Foods
During 2014
 we invested approximately $8.0 million in the first phase of a new poultry processing complex in Veracruz
 Mexico
During 2014
 we also executed our first grower contract for breeding flocks in Mexico.  The contract grower farms
 which initiated operations in November 2014
  are located in San Luis Potos&#237;
 Mexico and will allow us to replace some of our current company-owned breeder farms in Quer&#233;taro
While the market for chicken products in Mexico is less developed than in the U.S.
 with sales attributed to fewer
 simpler products
 we believe we have been successful in differentiating our products through high-quality client service and product improvements. Additionally
 we are an important player in the live market
We sell our chicken products primarily to wholesalers
 large restaurant chains
 fast food accounts and supermarket chains
On July 25
 2014
 the Company entered into a definitive agreement to purchase Provemex Holdings LLC and its subsidiaries (together
 &#8220;Tyson Mexico&#8221;) from Tyson Foods
 Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries for approximately $400.0 million
 which is subject to adjustment for closing date working capital.  The transaction is expected to be completed during the first quarter of 2015
 subject to customary closing conditions
 including regulatory approvals. We expect to fund the purchase price from available cash balances and bank credit. Tyson Mexico is a vertically integrated poultry business based in Gomez Palacio
 Durango
 Mexico. It has a production capacity of 3 million birds per week in its three plants and employs more than 5
400 in its plants
 offices and seven distribution centers. The acquisition further strengthens our strategic position in the Mexico chicken market. Once the acquisition is completed
 we currently expect to maintain the operations working to capacity with the existing workforce
 maintaining labor contracts in place. For additional information regarding the Tyson Mexico acquisition
During 2014
 we invested approximately $8.0 million in the first phase of a new poultry processing complex in Veracruz
 Mexico
During 2014
 we also executed our first grower contract for breeding flocks in Mexico.  The contract grower farms
 which initiated operations in November 2014
  are located in San Luis Potos&#237;
 Mexico and will allow us to replace our current company-owned breeder farms in Quer&#233;taro
The chicken industry is highly competitive. We are one of the largest chicken producers in the world and we believe our relationship with JBS USA enhances our competitive position. In the U.S. and Mexico
 we compete principally with other vertically integrated poultry companies. However
 there is some competition with non-vertically integrated further processors in the U.S. prepared chicken business. We believe vertical integration generally provides significant
In general
 the competitive factors in the U.S. chicken industry include price
 product quality
 product development
 brand identification
 breadth of product line and customer service. Competitive factors vary by major market. In the U.S. retail market
 we believe that product quality
 brand awareness
 customer service and price are the primary bases of competition. In the foodservice market
 competition is based on consistent quality
 product development
 service and price. The export market is competitive on a global level based on price
 product quality
 product tailoring
 brand identification and customer service. Competitive factors vary by market and may be impacted further by trade restrictions
 sanitary and phyto-sanitary issues
relative strength or weakness of the U.S. Dollar against local currencies. We believe that product customization
In Mexico
 where product differentiation has traditionally been limited
The chicken industry is subject to government regulation
 particularly in the health
 workplace safety and environmental areas
 including provisions relating to the discharge of materials into the environment
 by the Centers for Disease Control
 the USDA
 the Food and Drug Administration (&#8220;FDA&#8221;)
 the Environmental Protection Agency (&#8220;EPA&#8221;) and state and local regulatory authorities in the U.S. and by similar governmental agencies in Mexico. Our chicken processing facilities in the U.S. are subject to on-site examination
 inspection and regulation by the USDA. The FDA inspects the production of our feed mills in the U.S. Our Mexican food processing facilities and feed mills are subject to on-site examination
Our operations are subject to extensive regulation by the EPA and other state and local authorities relating to handling and discharge of waste water
 storm water
 air emissions
 treatment
 storage and disposal of wastes
 handling of hazardous substances and remediation of contaminated soil
 surface water and groundwater. Our Mexican operations also are subject to extensive regulation by Mexican environmental authorities. The EPA and/or other U.S. or Mexican state and local authorities may
 from time to time
 adopt revisions to environmental rules and regulations
 and/or changes in the terms and conditions of our environmental permits
 with which we must comply. Compliance with existing or new environmental requirements
 including more stringent limitations imposed or expected in recently-renewed or soon-to be renewed environmental permits
 may require capital expenditures and operating expenses which may be significant. Our operations are also subject to regulation by the EPA
 Occupational Safety and Health Administration (&#8220;OSHA&#8221;) and other state and local regulatory authorities regarding the treatment and disposal of agricultural and food processing wastes
 the use and maintenance of refrigeration systems
 including ammonia-based chillers
 noise
 odor and dust management
 the operation of mechanized processing equipment
Some of our facilities have been operating for many years
 and were built before current environmental
 health and safety standards were imposed and/or in areas that recently have become subject to residential and commercial development pressures. We are upgrading wastewater treatment facilities at a number of our facilities
 either pursuant to consent agreements with regulatory authorities or on a voluntary basis in anticipation of future permit requirements. We do not anticipate that the capital expenditures associated with these upgrades
 which will be spread over a number of years
Some of our properties have been impacted by contamination from spills or other releases
 and we have incurred costs to remediate such contamination. In addition
 in the past we acquired businesses with operations such as pesticide and fertilizer production that involved greater use of hazardous materials and generation of more hazardous wastes than our current operations. While many of those operations have been sold or closed
 some environmental laws impose strict and
 in certain circumstances
 joint and several liability for costs of investigation and remediation of contaminated sites on current and former owners and operators of the sites
 and on persons who arranged for disposal of wastes at such sites. In addition
We anticipate increased regulation by the USDA concerning food safety
 by the FDA concerning the use of medications in feed and by the EPA and various other state agencies concerning discharges to the environment. Although we do not currently anticipate that such increased regulation will have a material adverse effect upon us
 new environmental
 health and safety requirements that are more stringent than we anticipate
 stricter interpretations of existing environmental requirements
Since January 2010
 we have implemented significant operational changes to reduce costs and operate more efficiently
 as well as realized substantial benefits through synergies following the JBS USA acquisition. We reduced our production footprint to mitigate capacity utilization and efficiency issues created by previously enacted across-the-board production cuts. In addition
 we continue to evaluate our noncore businesses
from January 2010 to present have eliminated approximately 1
We continue to review and evaluate various restructuring and other alternatives to streamline our operations
 improve efficiencies and reduce costs. Such initiatives may include selling assets
 consolidating operations and functions and voluntary and involuntary employee separation programs. Any such actions may require us to obtain the pre-approval of our lenders under our credit facilities. In addition
 such actions will subject us to additional short-term costs
 which may include asset impairment charges
 lease commitment costs
As of December 28
 2014
 we employed approximately 29
900 persons in the U.S. and approximately 5
100 persons in Mexico. Approximately 38.1% of the Company&#8217;s employees were covered under collective bargaining agreements. Substantially all employees covered under collective bargaining agreements are covered under agreements that expire in 2015 or 2016 with the exception of two live operations location where the collective bargaining agreements expired in 2014 and negotiations are ongoing. We have not experienced any labor-related work stoppage at any location in over nine years. We believe our relationship with our employees and union leadership is satisfactory. At any given time
 we will likely be in some stage of contract negotiations with various collective bargaining units. The Company is currently in negotiations at one location
 and there is no assurance that agreement will be reached. In the absence of an agreement
 we may become subject to labor disruption at this location
The Company&#8217;s Internet website is www.pilgrims.com. The Company makes available
 free of charge
 through its Internet website
 the Company&#8217;s annual reports on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K
 Directors and Officers Forms 3
 4 and 5
 and amendments to those reports
 as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing such materials with
 or furnishing them to
 the Securities and Exchange Commission. The public may read and copy any materials that the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission at its Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
 NE
 Washington
In addition
 the Company makes available
 through its Internet website
 the Company&#8217;s Business Code of Conduct and Ethics
 Corporate Governance Guidelines and the written charter of the Audit Committee
 each of which is available in print to any stockholder who requests it by contacting the Secretary of the Company at 1770 Promontory Circle
 Greeley
 Colorado 80634-9038. Information contained on the Company&#8217;s website is not included as part of
 or incorporated by reference into
William W. Lovette joined Pilgrim&#8217;s as President and Chief Executive Officer on January 3
 2011. He brings more than 30 years of industry leadership experience to Pilgrim&#8217;s. He previously served two years as President and Chief Operating Officer of Case Foods
 Inc. Before joining Case Foods
 Inc.
 Mr. Lovette spent 25 years with Tyson Foods in various roles in senior management
 including President of its International Business Unit
 President of its Foodservice Business Unit and Senior Group Vice President of Poultry and Prepared Foods. Mr. Lovette earned a B.S. degree from Texas A&amp;M University. In addition
Fabio Sandri has served as the Chief Financial Officer for Pilgrim&#8217;s since June 2011. He previously served as the Chief Financial Officer of Estacio Participa&#231;&#245;es
 the private post-secondary educational institution in Brazil since April 2010. From November 2008 until April 2010
 he was the Chief Financial Officer of Imbra SA
 a provider of dental services based in Sao Paolo
 Brazil. Commencing in 2005 through October 2008
 he was employed by Braskem S.A.
 a New York Stock Exchange-listed petrochemical company headquartered in Cama&#231;ari
 Brazil
Certain written and oral statements made by our Company and subsidiaries of our Company may constitute &#8220;forward-looking statements&#8221; as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This includes statements made herein
 in our other filings with the SEC
 in press releases
Statements of our intentions
 beliefs
 expectations or predictions for the future
 denoted by the words &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;estimate
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;plan
&#8221; &#8220;project
&#8221; &#8220;imply
&#8221; &#8220;intend
&#8221; &#8220;should
&#8221; &#8220;foresee&#8221; and similar expressions
 are forward-looking statements that reflect our current views about future events and are subject to risks
 uncertainties and assumptions. Such risks
Actual results could differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements as a result of these factors
 among others
In making these statements
 we are not undertaking
 and specifically decline to undertake
 any obligation to address or update each or any factor in future filings or communications regarding our business or results
 and we are not undertaking to address how any of these factors may have caused changes in information contained in previous filings or communications. The risks described below are not the only risks we face
The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking information contained in this annual report on Form 10-K. Any of the following risks could materially adversely affect our business
 operations
 industry or financial position or our future financial performance. While we believe we have identified and discussed below all risk factors affecting our business that we believe are material
 there may be additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be significant that may adversely affect our business
 operations
 industry
Industry cyclicality can affect our earnings
Profitability in the chicken industry is materially affected by the commodity prices of feed ingredients and market prices of chicken
 which are determined by supply and demand factors. As a result
The price of feed ingredients is positively or negatively affected primarily by the global level of supply inventories and demand for feed ingredients
 the agricultural policies of the U.S. and foreign governments and weather patterns throughout the world. In particular
 weather patterns often change agricultural conditions in an unpredictable manner. A significant change in weather patterns could affect supplies of feed ingredients
 as well as both the industry&#8217;s and our ability to obtain feed ingredients
 grow chickens or deliver products. More recently
 feed prices have been impacted by increased demand both domestically for ethanol and globally for protein production
We have recently benefited from low market prices for feed ingredients
 but market prices for feed ingredients remain volatile. Consequently
 there can be no assurance that the price of corn or soybean meal will not continue to rise as a result of
 among other things
 increasing demand for these products around the world and alternative uses of these products
Volatility in feed ingredient prices has had
 and may continue to have
 a materially adverse effect on our operating results
 which has resulted in
 and may continue to result in
 additional noncash expenses due to impairment of the carrying amounts of certain of our assets. We periodically seek
 to the extent available
 to enter into advance purchase commitments or financial derivative contracts for the purchase of feed ingredients in an effort to manage our feed ingredient costs. The use of these instruments may not be successful. In addition
 we have not designated the derivative financial instruments that we have purchased to mitigate commodity purchase exposures as cash flow hedges. Therefore
 we recognize changes in the fair value of these derivative financial instruments immediately in earnings. Unexpected changes in the fair value of these instruments could adversely affect the results of our operations. Although we have sought to mitigate the impact of feed price volatility on our profitability by decreasing the amount of our products that are sold under longer term fixed price contracts
Outbreaks of livestock diseases in general and poultry diseases in particular
 including avian influenza
We take precautions designed to ensure that our flocks are healthy and that our processing plants and other facilities operate in a sanitary and environmentally-sound manner. However
 events beyond our control
 such as the outbreaks of disease
 either in our own flocks or elsewhere
 could significantly affect demand for our products or our ability to conduct our operations. Furthermore
 an outbreak of disease could result in governmental restrictions on the import and export of our fresh chicken or other products to or from our suppliers
 facilities or customers
 or require us to destroy one or more of our flocks. This could also result in the cancellation of orders by our customers and create adverse publicity that may have a material adverse effect on our ability to market our products successfully and on our business
During 2012 and 2013
 there was substantial publicity regarding a highly pathogenic strain of avian influenza
 known as H7N3
 which affected several states in central Mexico. There are several hypotheses about the cause of the outbreak in Mexico
 including transmission from wild birds or the possibility of introduction through poultry trade. Approximately 85% of the birds affected were table egg laying hens
 a component of the industry in which Pilgrim's does not participate. The Mexican government and poultry industry culled approximately 28.3 million birds. The disease was found in approximately 90 commercial facilities
 including one Pilgrim's breeder farm. The Mexican government and poultry industry undertook an extensive vaccination program with the goal of administering approximately 210 million doses per month. To prevent further spread
 the Mexican government also authorized the administration of 205 million doses of vaccine to &#8220;long-life&#8221; birds in nine Mexican states with priority given to progenitor birds (producing breeder hens)
During the first half of 2013
 there was also substantial publicity regarding a low pathogenic strain of avian influenza
 known as H7N9
 which affected eastern and northern China in and around the cities of Shanghai and Beijing. It is widely believed that H7N9 circulates in wild birds and may be transmitted to domestic poultry. H7N9 is also believed to have passed from birds to humans as humans came into contact with live birds that were infected with the disease. There were 133 confirmed cases
 including 43 deaths
Although neither H7N3 nor H7N9 have been identified in the U.S.
 there have been outbreaks of other low pathogenic strains of avian influenza in the U.S.
 and in Mexico outbreaks of both high and low-pathogenic strains of avian influenza are a fairly common occurrence. Historically
 the outbreaks of low pathogenic strains of avian influenza have not generated the same level of concern
 or received the same level of publicity or been accompanied by the same reduction in demand for poultry products in certain countries as that associated with highly pathogenic strains such as H7N3 or highly infectious strains such as H7N9. Even if H7N3 and H7N9 do not spread to the U.S.
 there can be no assurance that outbreaks of these strains in other countries will not materially adversely affect demand for U.S.-produced poultry internationally and/or domestically
 and
 if any of these strains were to spread to the U.S.
 there can be no assurance that it would not significantly affect our ability to conduct our operations and/or demand for our products
 in each case in a manner having a material adverse effect on our business
If our poultry products become contaminated
Poultry products may be subject to contamination by disease-producing organisms
 or pathogens
 such as 
. These pathogens are generally found in the environment
 and
 as a result
 there is a risk that
 as a result of food processing
 they could be present in our processed poultry products. These pathogens can also be introduced as a result of improper handling at the further processing
 foodservice or consumer level. These risks may be controlled
 although not eliminated
 by adherence to good manufacturing practices and finished product testing. We have little
 if any
 control over proper handling once the product has been shipped. Illness and death may result if the pathogens are not eliminated at the further processing
and may lead to increased risk of exposure to product liability claims
 product recalls and increased scrutiny by federal and state regulatory agencies and may have a material adverse effect on our business
Product liability claims or product recalls can adversely affect our business reputation
The packaging
 marketing and distribution of food products entail an inherent risk of product liability and product recall and the resultant adverse publicity. We may be subject to significant liability if the consumption of any of our products causes injury
 illness or death. We could be required to recall certain products in the event of contamination or damage to the products. In addition to the risks of product liability or product recall due to deficiencies caused by our production or processing operations
 we may encounter the same risks if any third party tampers with our products. We cannot assure you that we will not be required to perform product recalls
 or that product liability claims will not be asserted against us
 in the future. Any claims that may be made may create adverse publicity that would have a material adverse effect on our ability to market our products successfully or on our business
 reputation
 prospects
If our poultry products become contaminated
 we may be subject to product liability claims and product recalls. There can be no assurance that any litigation or reputational injury associated with product recalls will not have a material adverse effect on our ability to market our products successfully or on our business
 reputation
 prospects
We currently maintain insurance with respect to certain of these risks
 including product liability insurance
 business interruption insurance and general liability insurance
 but in many cases such insurance is expensive
 difficult to obtain and no assurance can be given that such insurance can be maintained in the future on acceptable terms
 or in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses due to any such events
 or at all. Moreover
 even though our insurance coverage may be designed to protect us from losses attributable to certain events
Competition in the chicken industry with other vertically integrated poultry companies may make us unable to compete successfully in these industries
The chicken industry is highly competitive. In both the U.S. and Mexico
In general
 the competitive factors in the U.S. chicken industry include price
 product quality
 product development
 brand identification
 breadth of product line and customer service. Competitive factors vary by major market. In the foodservice market
 competition is based on consistent quality
 product development
 service and price. In the U.S. retail market
 we believe that competition is based on product quality
 brand awareness
 customer service and price. Further
 there is some competition with non-vertically integrated further processors in the prepared chicken business. In Mexico
 where product differentiation has traditionally been limited
Our two largest customers accounted for approximately 14.6% of our net sales in 2014. Our business could suffer significant setbacks in revenues and operating income if we lost one or more of our largest customers
We have significant operations and assets located in Mexico and may participate in or acquire operations and assets in other foreign countries in the future. Foreign operations are subject to a number of special risks such as currency exchange rate fluctuations
 trade barriers
 exchange controls
 expropriation and changes in laws and policies
Our operations in Mexico are conducted through subsidiaries organized under the laws of Mexico. Claims of creditors of our subsidiaries
 including trade creditors
 will generally have priority as to the assets of our subsidiaries over our claims. Additionally
 the ability of our Mexican subsidiaries to make payments and distributions to us may be limited by the terms of our Mexico credit facility and will be subject to
 among other things
 Mexican law. In the past
adverse effect on the ability of our Mexican subsidiaries to make these payments and distributions. However
Historically
 we have targeted international markets to generate additional demand for our products. In particular
 given U.S. customers&#8217; general preference for white meat
 we have targeted international markets for the sale of dark chicken meat
 specifically leg quarters
 which are a natural by-product of our U.S. operations&#8217; concentration on prepared chicken products. As part of this initiative
 we have created a significant international distribution network into several markets in Mexico
 the Middle East
 Asia and countries within the CIS. Our success in these markets may be
 and our success in recent periods has been
 adversely affected by disruptions in chicken export markets. For example
 China imposed anti-dumping and countervailing duties on the U.S. chicken producers in 2010
 which have deterred Chinese importers from purchases of U.S.-origin chicken products and Russia banned the importation of chicken and other agricultural products from the U.S. and certain other western countries in August 2014. Additionally
A significant risk is disruption due to import restrictions and tariffs
 other trade protection measures
 and import or export licensing requirements. In addition
 disruptions may be caused by outbreaks of disease such as avian influenza
 either in our flocks or elsewhere in the world
Regulation
 present and future
Our operations will continue to be subject to federal
 state and local governmental regulation
 including in the health
 safety and environmental areas. We anticipate increased regulation by various agencies concerning food safety
 the use of medication in feed formulations and the disposal of chicken by-products and wastewater discharges. Also
 changes in laws or regulations or the application thereof may lead to government enforcement actions and the resulting litigation by private litigants
In addition
 unknown matters
 new laws and regulations
New immigration legislation or increased enforcement efforts in connection with existing immigration legislation could cause the costs of doing business to increase
Immigration reform continues to attract significant attention in the public arena and the U.S. Congress. If new federal immigration legislation is enacted or if states in which we do business enact immigration laws
 such laws may contain provisions that could make it more difficult or costly for us to hire U.S. citizens and/or legal immigrant workers. In such case
 we may incur additional costs to run our business or may have to change the way we conduct our operations
 either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 operating results and financial condition. Also
 despite our past and continuing efforts to hire only U.S. citizens and/or persons legally authorized to work in the U.S.
 we may be unable to ensure that all of our employees are U.S. citizens and/or persons legally authorized to work in the U.S. For example
 U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement has investigated identity theft within our workforce. With our cooperation
 during 2008 U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement arrested approximately 300 employees believed to have engaged in identity theft at five of our facilities. No assurances can be given that enforcement efforts by governmental authorities will not disrupt a portion of our workforce or operations at one or more facilities
 thereby negatively impacting our business. Also
 no assurance can be given that further enforcement efforts by governmental authorities will not result in the assessment of fines that could adversely affect our financial position
Our success is largely dependent on the skills
 experience
 and efforts of our management and other employees. The loss of the services of one or more members of our senior management or of numerous employees with essential skills could have a negative effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. If we are not able to retain or attract talented
 committed individuals to fill vacant positions when needs arise
As of December 28
 2014
 we employed approximately 29
900 persons in the U.S. and approximately 5
100 persons in Mexico. Approximately 35.0% of the Company&#8217;s employees were covered under collective bargaining agreements. Substantially all employees covered under collective bargaining agreements are covered under agreements that expire in 2015 or 2016 with the exception of one live operations location where the collective bargaining agreement expired in 2014 and negotiations are ongoing. We have not experienced any labor-related work stoppage at any location in over nine years. We believe our relationship with our employees and union leadership is satisfactory. At any given time
 we will likely be in some stage of contract negotiations with various collective bargaining units. The Company is currently in negotiations at one location
 and there is no assurance that an agreement will be reached. In the absence of an agreement
 we may become subject to labor disruption at this location
Extreme weather
Bioterrorism
 fire
 pandemic
 extreme weather or natural disasters
 including droughts
 floods
 excessive cold or heat
 hurricanes or other storms
 could impair the health or growth of our flocks
 production or availability of feed ingredients
 or interfere with our operations due to power outages
 fuel shortages
 damage to our production and processing facilities or disruption of transportation channels
We may face significant costs for compliance with existing or changing environmental
Our operations are subject to extensive and increasingly stringent federal
 state
 local and foreign laws and regulations pertaining to the protection of the environment
 including those relating to the discharge of materials into the environment
 the handling
 treatment and disposal of wastes and remediation of soil and groundwater contamination. Failure to comply with these requirements could have serious consequences for us
 including criminal as well as civil and administrative penalties
 claims for property damage
 personal injury and damage to natural resources and negative publicity. Compliance with existing or changing environmental requirements
 including more stringent limitations imposed or expected to be imposed in recently-renewed or soon-to be renewed environmental permits
Operations at many of our facilities require the treatment and disposal of wastewater
 stormwater and agricultural and food processing wastes
 the use and maintenance of refrigeration systems
 including ammonia-based chillers
 noise
 odor and dust management
 the operation of mechanized processing equipment
 and other operations that potentially could affect the environment
 health and safety. Some of our facilities have been operating for many years
 and were built before current environmental standards were imposed
 and/or in areas that recently have become subject to residential and commercial development pressures. Failure to comply with current and future environmental
 health and safety standards could result in the imposition of fines and penalties
 and we have been subject to such sanctions from time to time. We are upgrading wastewater treatment facilities at a number of these locations
In the past
 we have acquired businesses with operations such as pesticide and fertilizer production that involved greater use of hazardous materials and generation of more hazardous wastes than our current operations. While many of those operations have been sold or closed
 some environmental laws impose strict and
 in certain circumstances
 joint and several liability for costs of investigation and remediation of contaminated sites on current and former owners and operators of the sites
 and on persons who arranged for disposal of wastes at such sites. In addition
New environmental
 health and safety requirements
 stricter interpretations of existing requirements
 or obligations related to the investigation or clean-up of contaminated sites
JBS USA holds a majority of the shares and voting power of our common stock and is entitled to appoint a majority of the members of our board of directors. As a result
 JBS USA will
 subject to restrictions on its voting power and actions in a stockholders agreement between us and JBS USA and our organization documents
 have the ability to control our management
policies and financing decisions
Under the stockholders agreement between us and JBS USA
 JBS USA has the ability to elect up to six members of our board of directors and the other holders of our common stock have the ability to elect up to three members of our board of directors. If the percentage of our outstanding common stock owned by JBS USA exceeds 80%
We are involved on an on-going basis in litigation with our independent contract growers or arising in the ordinary course of business or otherwise. See &#8220;Item 3. Legal Proceedings.&#8221; Trends in litigation may include class actions involving consumers
 shareholders
 employees or injured persons
 and claims relating to commercial
 labor
 employment
 antitrust
 securities or environmental matters. Litigation trends and the outcome of litigation cannot be predicted with certainty
We contract primarily with independent contract growers to raise the live chickens processed in our poultry operations. If we do not attract and maintain contracts with growers or maintain marketing and purchasing relationships with independent producers
The food industry in general is subject to changing consumer trends
 demands and preferences. Trends within the food industry change often
 and failure to identify and react to changes in these trends could lead to
 among other things
 reduced demand and price reductions for our products
Our customers
 such as supermarkets
 warehouse clubs and food distributors
 have consolidated in recent years
 and consolidation is expected to continue throughout the U.S. and in other major markets. These consolidations have produced large
 sophisticated customers with increased buying power who are more capable of operating with reduced inventories
 opposing price increases
 and demanding lower pricing
 increased promotional programs and specifically tailored products. These customers also may use shelf space currently used for our products for their own private label products. Because of these trends
 our volume growth could slow or we may need to lower prices or increase promotional spending for our products
We anticipate that we will incur substantial indebtedness during the first quarter of fiscal year 2015
 which could adversely affect our financial condition. On a consolidated basis
 as of December 28
 2014
 we had approximately $0.6 million in secured indebtedness
 $3.6 million of unsecured indebtedness and had the ability to borrow approximately $718.0 million under our credit agreements. During the first quarter of fiscal year 2015
billion under amended credit facilities in order to partially finance a special cash dividend to our stockholders and our pending acquisition of Tyson Mexico. Following the completion of those transactions
A substantial portion of our cash flow from operations is required to be dedicated to interest and principal payments and may not be available for operations
 working capital
 capital expenditures
 expansion
Our ability to obtain additional financing and to fund working capital
We may be more highly leveraged than some of our competitors
Our flexibility in planning for
 or reacting to
Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our debt
 including our credit facilities
 will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. This
 to a certain extent
 is subject to various business factors (including
 among others
 the commodity prices of feed ingredients and chicken) and general economic
 financial
 competitive
 legislative
 regulatory
There can be no assurance that we will be able to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available under our credit facilities in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our debt obligations
 including obligations under our credit facilities
There can be no assurance that we will be able to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available under our credit facilities in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our debt obligations
 including obligations under our credit facilities
In evaluating the terms of our acquisition of Tyson Mexico
 we analyzed the respective businesses of Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride and Tyson Mexico and made certain assumptions concerning their respective future operations. A principal assumption was that the acquisition will produce operating results better than those historically experienced or presently expected to be experienced in the future by us in the absence of the acquisition. There can be no assurance
 however
Acquisitions may be structured in such a manner that would result in the assumption of unknown liabilities not disclosed by the seller or uncovered during pre-acquisition due diligence. For example
 our proposed acquisition of Tyson Mexico is structured as a stock purchase in which we effectively assume all of the liabilities of Tyson Mexico
We may pursue additional opportunities to acquire complementary businesses
We intend to continue to pursue selective acquisitions of complementary businesses in the future. Inherent in any future acquisitions are certain risks such as increasing leverage and debt service requirements and combining company cultures and facilities
 which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results
 particularly during the period immediately following such acquisitions. Additional debt or equity capital may be required to complete future acquisitions
 and there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise the required capital. Furthermore
 acquisitions involve a number of risks and challenges
2
8
1
125
336
112
26
In the U.S
 our corporate offices share a building with JBS USA in Greeley
 Colorado. We own a building in Richardson
 Texas
 which houses our computer data center; we also own office buildings in both Broadway
 Virginia
 and Pittsburg
 Texas
 which house additional administrative
 sales and marketing
 research and development
 and other support activities. We also lease office buildings in Bentonville
 Arkansas; Louisville
 Kentucky; Cincinnati
 Ohio and Winchester
 Virginia
 for members of our sales team and building space in Carrollton
 Texas
In Mexico
 we lease an office building in Quer&#233;taro
 Mexico
 which houses our Mexican administrative functions
 and we lease office space in Mexico City
Most of our property
On June 1
 2009
 approximately 555 former and current independent contract broiler growers
 their spouses and poultry farms filed an adversary proceeding against us in the Bankruptcy Court styled &#8220;Shelia Adams
 et al. v. Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Corporation.&#8221; In the adversary proceeding
 the plaintiffs assert claims against us for: (i) violations of Sections 202(a)
 (b) and (e)
 7 US C. &#167; 192 of the Packers and Stockyards Act of 1921 (the &#8220;PSA&#8221;); (ii) intentional infliction of emotional distress; (iii) violations of the Texas Deceptive Trade Practices Act (&#8220;DTPA&#8221;); (iv) promissory estoppel; (v) simple fraud; and (vi) fraud by nondisclosure. The case relates to our Farmerville
 Louisiana; Nacogdoches
 Texas; and the El Dorado
 De Queen and Batesville
The plaintiffs also filed a motion to withdraw the reference of the adversary proceeding from the Bankruptcy Court to the U.S. District for the Eastern Court of Texas (&#8220;Marshall Court&#8221;). The motion was filed with the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas-Fort Worth Division (the &#8220;Fort Worth Court&#8221;). The Bankruptcy Court recommended the reference be withdrawn
 but that the Fort Worth Court retain venue over the action to ensure against forum shopping. The Fort Worth Court granted the motion to withdraw the reference. We filed a motion to dismiss the plaintiffs&#8217; claims. The Fort Worth Court granted in part and denied in part our motion
 dismissing the following claims and ordering the plaintiffs to file a motion to amend their lawsuit and re-plead their claims with further specificity or the claims would be dismissed with prejudice: (i) intentional infliction of emotional distress; (ii) promissory estoppel; (iii) simple fraud and fraudulent nondisclosure; and (iv) DTPA claims with respect to growers from Oklahoma
 Arkansas
 and Louisiana. The plaintiffs filed a motion for leave to amend on October 7
 2009. Plaintiffs&#8217; motion for leave was granted and the plaintiffs filed their Amended Complaint on December 7
 2009. Subsequent to the Fort Worth Court granting in part and denying in part our motion to dismiss
 the plaintiffs filed a motion to transfer venue of the proceeding from the Fort Worth Court to the Marshall Court. We filed a response to the motion
 but the motion to transfer was granted on December 17
 2009. On December 29
 2009
 we filed our answer to plaintiffs&#8217; Amended Complaint with the Marshall Court. A bench trial commenced on June 16
 2011. The trial concluded as to the El Dorado growers on August 25
 2011. On September 30
 2011
 the Marshall Court issued its Findings of Facts and Conclusions of Law and Judgment finding in favor of the Company on each of the grower claims with exception of claims under 7 U.S.C. &#167;192(e)
 and awarding damages to plaintiffs in the aggregate of approximately $25.8 million. Afterward
 the Company filed post-judgment motions attacking the trial court&#8217;s findings of fact and conclusions of law
 which
 on December 28
 2011
 were granted in part and resulted in a reduction of the damages award from $25.8 million to $25.6 million. On January 19
 2012
 the Company appealed the findings of fact and conclusions of law and decision concerning the post-judgment motions to the United States Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. Oral argument occurred on December&#160;3
 2012. On August&#160;27
 2013
 the Fifth Circuit reversed the judgment
 and entered a judgment in favor of the Company.  Plaintiffs thereafter filed a petition for rehearing en banc. Plaintiffs&#8217; petition for rehearing was denied on October 15
 2013. On January 13
 2014
 Plaintiffs filed a Petition for a Writ of Certiorari requesting the Supreme Court of the United States to accept their case for review. Plaintiff&#8217;s petition for a Writ of Certiorari was denied on February 24
 2014. The Fifth Circuit's decision and prior favorable trial court rulings regarding the El Dorado growers' claims suggest that the likelihood of any recovery by growers remaining in the case is too remote to maintain the previously-recorded loss accrual. Therefore
 the Company reversed the accrual on September 1
As for the remaining chicken grower claims
 the bench trial relating to the allegations asserted by the plaintiffs from the Farmerville
 Louisiana complex began on July 16
 2012. That bench trial concluded on August 2
 2012
 but the Marshall Court postponed its ruling until the appeals process regarding the allegations asserted by the El Dorado growers was exhausted. The bench trial relating to the claims asserted by the plaintiffs from the Nacogdoches
 Texas complex began on September 12
 2012
 but was also postponed until the appeals process regarding the allegations asserted by the El&#160;Dorado growers was exhausted. The remaining bench trial for the plaintiffs from the De Queen and Batesville
 Arkansas complexes was scheduled for October 29
 2012
 but that trial date was canceled. Following the denial by the Supreme Court of the United States for a Writ of Certiorari related to the claims asserted by the plaintiffs from the El Dorado
 Arkansas complex
 the Marshall Court requested briefing on the allegations asserted by the plaintiffs from the Farmerville
 Louisiana complex and scheduled trial proceedings for allegations asserted by the plaintiffs from the Nacogdoches complex on August 25
 2014 and allegations asserted by the plaintiffs from the De Queen and Batesville
 Arkansas complexes on October 27
 2014.  Prior to commencing the trial proceedings on the allegations asserted by the plaintiffs from the De Queen and Batesville
 Arkansas complexes
 the Marshall Court announced it would enter judgment in PPC&#8217;s favor on all remaining federal causes of action
 and plaintiffs from the De Queen and Batesville complexes were given additional time to brief Arkansas state law claims. The court-imposed deadline passed with no briefs filed by plaintiffs. At this time
On December 17
 2008
 Kenneth Patterson filed suit in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas
 Marshall Division
 against Lonnie &#8220;Bo&#8221; Pilgrim
 Lonnie Ken Pilgrim
 Clifford E. Butler
 J. Clinton Rivers
 Richard A. Cogdill
 Renee N. DeBar
 our Compensation Committee and other unnamed defendants (the &#8220;Patterson action&#8221;). On January 2
 2009
 a nearly identical suit was filed by Denise M. Smalls in the same court against the same defendants (the &#8220;Smalls action&#8221;). The complaints in both actions
 brought pursuant to section 502 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (&#8220;ERISA&#8221;)
 29 US C. &#167; 1132
 alleged that the individual defendants breached fiduciary duties to participants and beneficiaries of the Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Stock Investment Plan (the &#8220;Stock Plan&#8221;)
 as administered through the Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Retirement Savings Plan (the &#8220;RSP&#8221;)
 and the To-Ricos
 Inc. Employee Savings and Retirement Plan (the &#8220;To-Ricos Plan&#8221;) (collectively
 the &#8220;Plans&#8221;) by failing to sell the common stock held by the Plans before it declined in value in late 2008. Patterson and Smalls further alleged that they purported to represent a class of all persons or entities who were participants in or beneficiaries of the Plans at any time between May 5
 2008 through the present and whose accounts held our common stock or units in our common stock. Both complaints sought actual damages in the amount of any losses the Plans suffered
due in proportion to the accounts&#8217; diminution in value
 attorneys&#8217; fees
 an order for equitable restitution and the imposition of constructive trust
On July 20
 2009
 the Court entered an order consolidating the Smalls and Patterson actions. On August 12
 2009
 the Court ordered that the consolidated case will proceed under the caption &#8220;In re Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Stock Investment Plan ERISA Litigation
Patterson and Smalls filed a consolidated amended complaint (&#8220;Amended Complaint&#8221;) on March 2
 2010. The Amended Complaint names as defendants the Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Board of Directors
 Lonnie &#8220;Bo&#8221; Pilgrim
 Lonnie Ken Pilgrim
 Charles L. Black
 Linda Chavez
 S. Key Coker
 Keith W. Hughes
 Blake D. Lovette
 Vance C. Miller
 James G. Vetter
 Jr.
 Donald L. Wass
 J. Clinton Rivers
 Richard A. Cogdill
 the Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Pension Committee
 Robert A. Wright
 Jane Brookshire
 Renee N. DeBar
 the Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Administrative Committee
 Gerry Evenwel
 Stacey Evans
 Evelyn Boyden
 and &#8220;John Does 1-10.&#8221; The Amended Complaint purports to assert claims on behalf of persons who were participants in or beneficiaries of the RSP or the To-Ricos Plan at any time between January 29
 2008 through December 1
 2008 (&#8220;the alleged class period&#8221;)
Like the original Patterson and Smalls complaints
 the Amended Complaint alleges that the defendants breached ERISA fiduciary duties to participants and beneficiaries of the RSP and To-Ricos Plan by permitting both Plans to continue investing in the Company&#8217;s common stock during the alleged class period. The Amended Complaint also alleges that certain defendants were &#8220;appointing&#8221; fiduciaries who failed to monitor the performance of the defendant-fiduciaries they appointed. Further
 the Amended Complaint alleges that all defendants are liable as co-fiduciaries for one another&#8217;s alleged breaches. Plaintiffs seek actual damages in the amount of any losses the RSP and To-Ricos Plan attributable to the decline in the value of the common stock held by the Plans
 to be allocated among the participants&#8217; individual accounts as benefits due in proportion to the accounts&#8217; alleged diminution in value
 costs and attorneys&#8217; fees
 an order for equitable restitution and the imposition of constructive trust
The Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the Amended Complaint on May 3
 2010. On August 29
 2012
 the Magistrate judge issued a Report and Recommendation to deny the Defendants&#8217; motion to dismiss the complaint on grounds that the complaint included too many exhibits. Defendants filed objections with the District Court
 and on October 29
 2012
 the District Court adopted the Recommendation of the Magistrate Judge and entered an order denying Defendants&#8217; motion to dismiss. On November 11
 2012
 Plaintiffs filed a motion for class certification. The motion is fully briefed and was argued to the Court on February 28
The United States Department of Treasury
 Internal Revenue Service (&#8220;IRS&#8221;) filed an amended proof of claim in the Bankruptcy Court pursuant to which the IRS asserted claims that total $74.7 million. We filed in the Bankruptcy Court (i) an objection to the IRS&#8217; amended proof of claim
 and (ii) a motion requesting the Bankruptcy Court to determine our U.S. federal tax liability pursuant to Sections 105 and 505 of Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code. The objection and motion asserted that the Company had no liability for the additional U.S. federal taxes that have been asserted for pre-petition periods by the IRS. The IRS responded in opposition to our objection and motion. On July 8
 2010
 the Bankruptcy Court granted our unopposed motion requesting that the Bankruptcy Court abstain from determining our federal tax liability. As a result we have worked with the IRS through the normal processes and procedures that are available to all taxpayers outside of bankruptcy (including the United States Tax Court (&#8220;Tax Court&#8221;) proceedings discussed below) to resolve the IRS&#8217; amended proof of claim. On December&#160;13
 2012
 we entered into two Stipulation of Settled Issues (&#8220;Stipulation&#8221; or &#8220;Stipulations&#8221;) with the IRS. The first Stipulation relates to the Company&#8217;s 2003
 2005
 and 2007 tax years and resolves all of the material issues in the case. The second Stipulation relates to the Company as the successor in interest to Gold Kist Inc. (&#8220;Gold Kist&#8221;) for the tax years ended June 30
 2005 and September&#160;30
 2005
In connection with the remaining claim of $45.4 million included in the amended proof of claim
 we filed a petition in Tax Court on May 26
 2010 in response to a Notice of Deficiency that was issued to the Company as the successor in interest to Gold Kist. The Notice of Deficiency and the Tax Court proceeding relate to a loss that Gold Kist claimed for its tax year ended June 26
 2004. On December 11
 2013
 the Tax Court issued its opinion in the case holding the loss that Gold Kist claimed for its tax year ended June 26
 2004 is capital in nature. On January 10
 2014
 PPC filed both a Motion for Reconsideration and a Motion for Full Tax Court review of both its Motion for Reconsideration and any order issued in response to such motion. On March&#160;10
 2014
 the Tax Court denied both the Motion for Reconsideration and the Motion for Full Tax Court review. On April 14
 2014
 the Company appealed the findings of fact and conclusions of law and decision concerning the post-judgment motions to the Fifth Circuit. The Company filed an opening brief with the Fifth Circuit on June 30
Circuit on August 15
 2014. The Company then filed their reply brief with the Fifth Circuit on September 2
 2014. Oral argument before the Fifth Circuit occurred during the week beginning January 5
We can provide no assurances as to the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome or the amount or range of any possible loss to us related to the above Tax Court case related to Gold Kist&#8217;s tax year ended June 26
 2004. If adversely determined
 the outcome could have a material effect on the Company&#8217;s cash flow
We are subject to various other legal proceedings and claims
 which arise in the ordinary course of our business. In the opinion of management
 the amount of ultimate liability with respect to these actions will not materially affect our financial condition
Item 5. Market for the Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
The Company estimates there were approximately 43
000 holders (including individual participants in security position listings) of the Company&#8217;s common stock as of February 11
The Company did not pay dividends in 2014 or 2013. On January 15
 2015
 the Company announced that its Board of Directors had approved the declaration of a special cash dividend of $5.77 per share. The total amount of the special cash dividend payment will be approximately $1.5 billion based on the current number of shares outstanding. The special cash dividend is payable on February&#160;17
 2015
 to stockholders of record on January 30
 2015. For additional information
With the exception of the special cash dividend payable on February 17
 2015 to the holders of record on January 30
 2015
 the Company has no current intention to pay any further dividends to its stockholders. Any change in dividend policy will depend upon future conditions
 including earnings and financial condition
 general business conditions
 any applicable contractual limitations
The following graph compares the performance of the Company with that of the Russell 2000 composite index and a peer group of companies for the period from December 29
 2009 to December 28
 2014
 with the investment weighted on market capitalization. The total cumulative return on investment (change in the year-end stock price plus reinvested dividends) for each of the periods for the Company
 the Russell 2000 composite index and the peer group is based on the stock price or composite index at the beginning of the applicable period. Companies in the peer group index include Sanderson Farms Inc.
The graph covers the period from December 29
 2009 to December 28
 2014
(In thousands
8
583
8
411
8
121
7
535
6
881
1
393
845
435
(141
460
1
203
658
250
(373
185
Interest expense
77
84
103
110
101
11
Reorganization items
18
1
102
573
153
(487
66
390
24
(20
8
(23
711
549
174
(495
90
1
3
711
549
174
(496
87
1
140
845
812
747
971
3
119
3
172
2
913
2
879
3
218
410
15
15
58
Long-term debt
3
501
1
148
1
408
1
281
2
196
1
492
908
558
1
072
1
066
878
199
(128
14
155
150
147
209
231
4
2
22
26
(55
(96
(4
(17
152
15
68
Acquisitions of property
(171
(116
(90
(135
(179
(905
(250
(111
126
(29
1
321
800
393
(174
384
1
352
810
397
(134
482
Selling
Interest expense
Gross profit
 operating income and net income include the following nonrecurring recoveries
for tax purposes of the Mexico operations was in response to changes in the Mexican tax laws that became effective January 1
For purposes of computing the ratio of earnings to fixed charges
 earnings consist of income before income taxes plus fixed charges (excluding capitalized interest). Fixed charges consist of interest (including capitalized interest) on all indebtedness
Adjusted net income (loss) attributable to Pilgrim's Pride Corporation per common diluted share is presented because it is used by us and we believe it is frequently used by securities analysts
 investors and other interested parties
 in addition to and not in lieu of results prepared in conformity with GAAP
 to compare the performance of companies. Adjusted net income (loss) attributable to Pilgrim's Pride Corporation per common diluted share is not a measurement of financial performance under GAAP
711
549
174
(496
87
29
3
8
27
4
(4
12
769
553
169
(480
95
259
259
250
224
224
Includes amortization of capitalized financing costs of approximately $13.7 million
 $9.3 million
 $10.1 million
 $9.5 million and $14.8 million in 2014
 2013
 2012
 2011 and 2010
&#8220;EBITDA&#8221; is defined as the sum of net income (loss) plus interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization . &#8220;Adjusted EBITDA&#8221; is calculated by adding to EBITDA certain items of expense and deducting from EBITDA certain items of income that we believe are not indicative of our ongoing operating performance consisting of: (i) income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests in the period from 2010 through 2014
 (ii) restructuring charges in the period from 2010 through 2014
 (iii) reorganization items in 2010
 (iv) losses on early extinguishment of debt in 2010 and (v) foreign currency transaction losses (gains) in the period from 2010 through 2014. EBITDA is presented because it is used by us and we believe it is frequently used by securities analysts
 investors and other interested parties
 in addition to and not in lieu of results prepared in conformity with GAAP
 to compare the performance of companies. We believe investors would be interested in our Adjusted EBITDA because this is how our management analyzes EBITDA applicable to continuing operations. We also believe that Adjusted EBITDA
 in combination with our financial results calculated in accordance with GAAP
They do not reflect our cash expenditures
They do not reflect changes in
 or cash requirements for
Although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges
 the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future
In addition
 other companies in our industry may calculate these measures differently than we do
 limiting their usefulness as a comparative measure. Because of these limitations
711
549
174
(495
90
Interest expense
77
84
103
110
101
390
24
(20
8
(23
155
150
147
211
231
13
9
10
9
14
1
321
800
393
(174
384
27
4
(4
12
2
5
8
28
70
Reorganization items
18
11
1
3
1
352
810
397
(134
482
Interest expense
 net
2013 and 2011 include $0.4 million and $2.7 million
 respectively
Amortization of capitalized financing costs is included in both interest expense
The Company measures the financial statements of its Mexico subsidiaries as if the U.S. dollar were the functional currency. Accordingly
 we remeasure assets and liabilities
 other than non-monetary assets
Restructuring charges includes tangible asset impairment
 severance and change-in-control compensation costs
Reorganization items
 net
 includes professional fees directly related to our reorganization
 the elimination of unamortized loan costs associated with certain of our terminated borrowing arrangements
 the recognition in earnings of a previously unrealized gain on a derivative instrument purchased to hedge interest rate risk related to certain of our terminated borrowing arrangements
 expenses related to the execution of a borrowing arrangement during our reorganization
 costs related to post-petition facility closures
We are one of the largest chicken producers in the world
 with operations in the U.S.
 Mexico and Puerto&#160;Rico. We are primarily engaged in the production
 processing
 marketing and distribution of fresh
 frozen and value-added chicken products to retailers
 distributors and foodservice operators. We offer a wide range of products to our customers through strong national and international distribution channels. Pilgrim's fresh chicken products consist of refrigerated (non-frozen) whole chickens
 whole cut-up chickens and selected chicken parts that are either marinated or non-marinated. The Company's prepared chicken products include fully cooked
 ready-to-cook and individually frozen chicken parts
 strips
 nuggets and patties
We market our balanced portfolio of fresh
 prepared and value-added chicken products to a diverse set of over 5
000 customers across the U.S.
 Mexico and in approximately 95 other countries
 with no single one accounting for more than 10% of total sales. We have become a valuable partner to our customers and a recognized industry leader by consistently providing high-quality products and services designed to meet their needs and enhance their business. Our sales efforts are largely targeted towards the foodservice industry
 principally chain restaurants and food processors such as Chick-fil-A&#174; and Yum! Brands&#174;
 distributors such as US Foods and Sysco&#174; and retail customers
 including grocery store chains and wholesale clubs such as Kroger&#174;
 Wal-Mart&#174;
 Costco&#174;
As a vertically integrated company
 we control every phase of the production process
 which helps us better manage food safety and quality
 as well as more effectively control margins and improve customer service. We operate feed mills
 hatcheries
 processing plants and distribution centers in 12 U.S. states
 Puerto&#160;Rico and Mexico. Our plants are strategically located to ensure that customers timely receive fresh products. With our global network of approximately 3
750 growers
 28 feed mills
 36 hatcheries
 27 processing plants
 five prepared foods cook plants
 14 distribution centers
 eight rendering facilities and three pet food plants
We are one of the largest
 and we believe one of the most efficient
 producers and sellers of chicken in Mexico. Our presence in Mexico provides access to a market with growing demand and has enabled us to leverage our operational strengths within the region. The market for chicken products in Mexico is still developing with most sales attributed to fresh
 commodity-oriented
 market price-based business. We believe our Mexico business is well positioned to continue benefiting from these trends in the Mexican consumer market. Additionally
 we are an important player in the live market
Pilgrim's has approximately 35
000 employees and has the capacity to process more than 34.7 million birds per week for a total of more than 10.2 billion pounds of live chicken annually. In 2014
 we produced 7.5 billion pounds of chicken products
We operate on a 52/53-week fiscal year that ends on the Sunday falling on or before December 31. The reader should assume any reference we make to a particular year (for example
 2014) in this report applies to our fiscal year and not the calendar year.
&#32;per diluted common share
. During 2014
Market prices for feed ingredients remain volatile. Consequently
 there can be no assurance that our feed ingredients prices will not increase materially and that such increases would not negatively impact our financial position
We purchase derivative financial instruments
 specifically exchange-traded futures and options
 in an attempt to mitigate price risk related to our anticipated consumption of commodity inputs such as corn
 soybean meal
 sorghum
 wheat
 soybean oil and natural gas. We will sometimes take a short position on a derivative instrument to minimize the impact of a commodity's price volatility on our operating results. We will also occasionally purchase derivative financial instruments in an attempt to mitigate currency exchange rate exposure related to the financial statements of our Mexico operations that are denominated in Mexican pesos. We do not designate derivative financial instruments that we purchase to mitigate commodity purchase or currency exchange rate exposures as cash flow hedges; therefore
 we recognize changes in the fair value of these derivative financial instruments immediately in earnings. We recognized $16.1 million
 $25.1 million and $8.3 million in net gains related to changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments during 2014
Although changes in the market price paid for feed ingredients impact cash outlays at the time we purchase the ingredients
 such changes do not immediately impact cost of sales. The cost of feed ingredients is recognized in cost of sales
 on a first in first-out basis
 at the same time that the sales of the chickens that consume the feed grains are recognized. Thus
 there is a lag between the time cash is paid for feed ingredients and the time the cost of such feed ingredients is reported in cost of goods sold.For example
 corn delivered to a feed mill and paid for one week might be used to manufacture feed the following week.However
the chickens that eat that feed might not be processed and sold for another 42-63 days
Commodities such as corn
 soybean meal
 sorghum
 wheat and soybean oil are actively traded through various exchanges with future market prices quoted on a daily basis. These quoted market prices
 although a good indicator of the commodity's base price
 do not represent the final price for which we can purchase these commodities. There are several components in addition to the quoted market price
 such as freight
 storage and seller premiums
 that are included in the final price that we pay for grain.Although changes in quoted market prices may be a good indicator of the commodity&#8217;s base price
 the components mentioned above may have a significant impact on the total change in grain costs recognized from period to period. Prices related to these individual components of the total price of corn were especially high in late 2013 as we transitioned from a year of record low corn stocks
 primarily caused by drought conditions
Market prices for chicken products are currently at levels sufficient to offset the costs of feed ingredients. However
&#32;During the first quarter of 2014
 we participated in antidumping and countervailing duty proceedings initiated by the Ministry of Commerce of the People&#8217;s Republic of China (&#8220;MOFCOM&#8221;). In these proceedings
 MOFCOM re-examined whether US chicken producers
 including us
 were dumping certain chicken products into the People&#8217;s Republic of China (excluding the Special Administrative Region of Hong Kong)
 and whether US chicken producers
 including us
 were receiving countervailable subsidies in respect of those chicken products. Following review in World Trade Organization (&#8220;WTO&#8221;) dispute settlement proceedings
 MOFCOM concluded their most recent proceedings in June 2014 and imposed antidumping and countervailing duties on the US chicken producers. The combined antidumping and countervailing duties imposed range from 50.6% to 78.0%. The rate imposed on us is 77.9%. Until these duties are modified or eliminated
 the duty rates can be expected to deter Chinese importers from purchases of US-origin chicken products
 including our chicken products
On July 28
 2014
 the Company entered into a definitive agreement to purchase Provemex Holdings LLC and its subsidiaries (together
 &#8220;Tyson Mexico&#8221;) from Tyson Foods
 Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries for approximately $400.0 million
which is subject to adjustment for closing date working capital. The transaction is expected to be completed during the the first quarter of 2015
 subject to customary closing conditions
 including regulatory approvals. We expect to fund the purchase price from available cash balances and bank credit. Tyson Mexico is a vertically integrated poultry business based in Gomez Palacio
 Durango
 Mexico. It has a production capacity of 3 million birds per week in its three plants and employs more than 5
400 in its plants
 offices and seven distribution centers. The acquisition further strengthens our strategic position in the Mexico chicken market. Once the acquisition is completed
 we expect to maintain the operations working to capacity with the existing workforce
. On February 11
 2015
 the Company and certain of its subsidiaries entered into a Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the &#8220;U.S. Credit Facility&#8221;) with Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 Rabobank Nederland
 New York Branch (&#8220;Rabobank&#8221;)
 as administrative agent
 and the other lenders party thereto.  The U.S. Credit Facility amends and restates the Company&#8217;s existing credit agreement dated August 7
 2013 with CoBank
 ACB
 as administrative agent and collateral agent
 and other lenders party thereto. The U.S. Credit Facility provides for a revolving loan commitment of at least $700 million and a term loan commitment of up to $1.0 billion (the &#8220;Term Loan&#8221;).  The U.S. Credit Facility also includes an accordion feature that allows us
 at any time
 to increase the aggregate revolving loan and term loan commitments by up to an additional $1.0 billion
 subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions
 including obtaining the lenders&#8217; agreement to participate in the increase. For additional information regarding the U.S. Credit Facility
&#32;On January 14
 2015
 we declared a special cash dividend of $5.77 per share with a total payment amount of approximately $1.5 billion based on the number of shares outstanding. The special cash dividend is payable on February&#160;17
 2015
 to stockholders of record as of January 30
We anticipate that proceeds from certain borrowings under the U.S. Credit Facility
 along with cash on hand
 will be used to pay the special cash dividend to our stockholders on February&#160;17
 2015. For additional information
We operate in one reportable business segment
 as a producer and seller of chicken products we either produce or purchase for resale in the U.S.
 Puerto Rico and Mexico. We conduct separate operations in the U.S.
 Puerto Rico and Mexico; however
 for geographic reporting purposes
 we include Puerto Rico within our U.S. operations. Corporate expenses are allocated to Mexico based upon various apportionment methods for specific expenditures incurred related thereto with the remaining amounts allocated to the U.S. For additional information
&#32;Net sales for 2014 increased $172.2 million
 or 2.0%
(In&#160;thousands
7
647
146
936
25
8
583
172
U.S. sales generated in 2014 increased $146.8 million
 or 2.0%
 from U.S. sales generated in 2013
 primarily because of an increase in the net revenue per pound sold that was partially offset by a decrease in pounds sold. Increased net revenue per pound sold
 which resulted primarily from an increase in market prices due to continued healthy demand for chicken products in combination with constrained supply
 contributed $217.8 million
 or 2.9 percentage points
 to the revenue increase. A decrease in pounds sold partially offset the increase in revenue per pound sold by $70.8 million
 or 0.9 percentage points. Included in U.S. sales generated during 2014 and 2013 were sales to JBS USA
 LLC totaling $39.7 million and $61.9 million
Mexico sales generated in 2014 increased $25.4 million
 or 2.8%
 from Mexico sales generated in 2013
 primarily because of an increase in the net revenue per pound sold and an increase in sales volume partially offset by the impact of foreign currency translation. The increase in net revenue per pound contributed $42.4 million
 or 4.7%
 to the increase in sales. The increase in volume contributed $24.2 million
 or 2.7 percentage points
 to the increase in sales
 partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation contributed $41.2 million
 or 4.4 percentage points
&#32;Gross profit increased by $548.6 million
 or  64.9%
(In thousands
8
583
172
7
189
(376
1
393
548
(In thousands
1
202
485
191
62
1
393
548
(In thousands
6
444
(338
745
(37
7
189
376
Cost of sales incurred by our U.S. operations in 2014 decreased $339.0 million
 or 5.0%
 from cost of sales incurred by our U.S. operations in 2013. Cost of sales decreased primarily because of a $464.7 million decrease in feed ingredients costs
  a $23.6 million decrease in wages and benefits
 a $17.2 million decrease in co-pack labor
 a $15.4 million decrease in freight and storage and a $5.1 million decrease in repairs and maintenance. Decreases to cost of sales were partially offset by a decrease in derivative gains from $23.4 million in 2013 to $16.0 million in 2014
 a $6.2 million increase in utilities costs
Cost of sales incurred by the Mexico operations during 2014 decreased $37.3 million
 or 4.8%
 from cost of sales incurred by the Mexico operations during 2013. Cost of sales decreased primarily because of lower feed ingredients costs partially offset by the impact of foreign currency translation. The impact of lower feed ingredients costs contributed $41.6 million
 or 6.8 percentage points
 to the decrease in costs of sales. The impact of foreign currency translation contributed $31.9 million
 or 4.1 percentage points
 to the decrease in cost of sales. Cost of sales also decreased because of a $1.7 million decrease in wages and benefits offset by an increase of  $4.1 million in freight and storage costs
 a $2.4 million increase in contract labor costs
 a $2.4 million increase in utilities costs
&#32;Operating income increased $544.3 million
 or 82.6%
(In thousands
1
393
548
188
7
2
(3
1
203
544
(In thousands
1
031
480
171
64
1
203
544
(In thousands
169
9
19
(1
188
7
(In thousands
2
(3
2
(3
SG&amp;A expense incurred by the U.S. operations during 2014 increased $9.2 million
 or 5.7%
 from SG&amp;A expense incurred by the U.S. operations during 2013 primarily because of an $8.2 million increase in employee wages and benefits
 a $6.2 million increase in management fees charged for administrative functions shared with JBS USA
 LLC and a $1.6 million increase in legal services expenses that were partially offset by a $2.2 million gain on asset disposals
 a $1.4 million decrease in outside services expenses
 a $1.4 million decrease in depreciation expenses
 recognition of a $1.1 million bad debt recovery
SG&amp;A expense incurred by the Mexico operations during 2014 decreased $1.5 million
 or 7.2%
 from SG&amp;A expense incurred by the Mexico operations during 2013 primarily because of a $2.7 million decrease in contract labor expenses
 a $2.0 million decrease in government fees and a $1.1 million decrease in management fees charged by the U.S. operations that were partially offset by a $2.8 million increase in employee wages and benefits
 a $0.6 million loss  recognized on asset disposals
Administrative restructuring charges incurred during 2014 decreased $3.4 million
 or 59.6%
 from administrative restructuring charges incurred during 2013. During 2014
 we incurred administrative restructuring charges composed of (i) live operations rationalization costs of $0.9 million
 (ii) employee-related costs of $0.6 million
. Consolidated interest expense decreased 5.6% to $82.1 million in 2014 from $87.0 million in 2013 primarily because of decreased average borrowings of $526.7 million in 2014 compared to $990.5 million in 2013 and a decrease in the weighted average interest rate to 6.45% in 2014 from 7.10% in 2013. As a percent of net sales
&#32;Our consolidated income tax expense in 2014 was $390.9 million
&#32;Net sales for 2013 increased $289.8 million
 or 3.6%
(In&#160;thousands
7
500
250
910
39
8
411
289
U.S. sales generated in 2013 increased $250.7 million
 or 3.5%
 from U.S. sales generated in 2012
 despite a decrease in the number of weeks included in the fiscal year from 53 in 2012 to 52 in 2013
 primarily because of an increase in the net revenue per pound sold that was partially offset by a decrease in pounds sold. Increased net revenue per pound sold
 which resulted primarily from an increase in market prices due to continued healthy demand for chicken products in combination with constrained supply
 contributed $484.3 million
 or 6.7 percentage points
 to the revenue increase. A decrease in pounds sold partially offset the increase in revenue per pound sold by $233.6 million
 or 3.2 percentage points. Included in U.S. sales generated during 2013 and 2012 were sales to JBS USA
 LLC totaling $61.9 million and $206.7 million
Mexico sales generated in 2013 increased $39.0 million
 or 4.5%
 from Mexico sales generated in 2012
 despite a decrease in the number of weeks included in the respective fiscal years
 primarily because of the favorable impact of foreign currency translation and an increase in market prices that were partially offset by a decrease in unit sales volume. The favorable impact of foreign currency translation contributed $28.3 million
 or 3.2 percentage points
 to the revenue increase. An increase in market prices contributed $19.8 million
 or 2.3 percentage points to the revenue increase. A decrease in pounds sold partially offset the favorable impact of foreign currency translation and the increase in market prices by $9.1 million
 or 1.0 percentage points
&#32;Gross profit increased by $409.6 million
 or 94.0%
(In thousands
8
411
289
7
565
(119
845
409
(In thousands
717
385
128
25
845
409
(In thousands
6
782
(134
782
13
7
565
(119
Cost of sales incurred by our U.S. operations in 2013 decreased $134.5 million
 or 1.9%
 from cost of sales incurred by our U.S. operations in 2012. Along with a decrease in the number of weeks included in the respective fiscal years
 the reduction in cost of sales resulted from (i) a $57.9 million decrease in co-pack labor and meat
 which resulted primarily from the decrease in sales volume
 (ii) a $24.1 million decrease in insurance costs resulting primarily from improved workers compensation loss performance
 (iii) a $14.6 million decrease in live production costs
 which were lower primarily because of a reduction in feed ingredient costs
 (iv) a $13.6 million increase in derivative gains
 (v) the August 2012 disposal of our commercial egg business
 which incurred cost of sales totaling $12.0 million in 2012
 (vi) a $10.1 million decrease in freight and storage costs
Cost of sales incurred by the Mexico operations during 2013 increased $13.8 million
 or 1.8%
 from cost of sales incurred by the Mexico operations during 2012 despite the decrease in the number of weeks included in the respective fiscal years. The unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation contributed $24.3 million
 or 3.2 percentage points
 to the increase in cost of sales. Fertile egg purchases contributed $4.7 million
 or 0.6% percentage points
 and increased feed costs contributed $3.0 million
 or 0.4 percentage points
 to the increase in cost of sales. The impact of decreased sales volume
 which resulted primarily from the lack of broiler eggs following the H7N3 influenza outbreak in Mexico
 offset the increase in cost of sales by $10.0 million
 or 1.3 percentage points. Finally
 improved processing performance offset the increase in cost of sales by $8.8 million
&#32;Operating income increased $408.5 million
 or 163.2%
(In thousands
845
409
180
3
5
(2
658
408
(In thousands
551
387
107
22
658
408
(In thousands
160
20
3
180
3
(In thousands
5
(2
5
(2
SG&amp;A expenses incurred by the U.S. operations during 2013 increased $0.8 million
 or 0.5%
 from SG&amp;A expenses incurred by the U.S. operations during 2012
 despite a decrease in the number of weeks included in the respective fiscal years from 53 in 2012 to 52 in 2013
 primarily because of a $15.0 million increase in payroll and related benefits expenses resulting primarily from higher incentive compensation and pension costs. This increase in SG&amp;A expenses was partially offset by (i) an $8.2 million decrease in outside services and professional fees
SG&amp;A expense incurred by the Mexico operations during 2013 increased $3.1 million
 or 17.3%
 from SG&amp;A expense incurred by the Mexico operations during 2012
 despite a decrease in the number of weeks included in the respective fiscal years
 primarily because of a $2.1 million fine assessed by a commission of the Mexican government that we are currently appealing. The unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation also contributed $0.6 million
 or 3.6 percentage points
Administrative restructuring charges incurred during 2013 decreased $2.7 million
 or 33.0%
 from administrative restructuring charges incurred during 2012. During 2013
 we incurred administrative restructuring charges related to noncash impairment charges of $3.7 million and live operations rationalization totaling $2.0 million. During 2012
million related to our Dallas
 Texas plant closure
. Consolidated interest expense decreased 17.1% to $87.0 million in 2013 from $104.9 million in 2012 primarily because of decreased average borrowings of $990.5 million in 2013 compared to $1
242.2 million in 2012 partially offset by an increase in the weighted average interest rate to 7.10% in 2013 from 7.00% in 2012. As a percent of net sales
 interest expense in 2013 and 2012 was 1.0% and 1.3%
&#32;Our consolidated income tax expense in 2013 was $24.2 million
 compared to income tax benefit of $21.0 million in 2012. The income tax expense in 2013 resulted primarily from an increase in income and a decrease in the valuation allowance. The net change in the total valuation allowance for 2013 was a decrease of $178.0 million
The following table presents our available sources of liquidity as of December 28
 2014
 after giving effect to the payment of our approximately $1.5 billion special cash dividend to our stockholders
1
1
We believe that the assumptions used provide a reasonable basis on which to present our available sources of liquidity as of December 28
 2014 after giving effect to the payment of the special cash dividend
 the consummation of our acquisition of Tyson Mexico and the entry into our U.S. Credit Facility. The resulting presentation does not purport to be indicative of the available sources of liquidity that would actually have resulted if payment of the special cash dividend
We have assumed that $566.1 million of our cash and cash equivalents on hand at December 28
 2014 will be used to (i) fund a portion of the special cash dividend
Actual borrowings by us under the revolving loan commitment of the U.S. Credit Facility will be subject to a borrowing base
 which is a formula based on certain eligible inventory and eligible receivables. Had the borrowing base under the U.S. Credit Facility been in effect on December 28
 2014
have totaled $700.0 million. Availability under the revolving loan commitment of the U.S. Credit Facility will also be reduced by our outstanding standby letters of credit. Standby letters of credit outstanding at December 28
December&#160;28
 2014
&#32;On December 15
 2014
 we redeemed all of our outstanding $500
000
000 principal amount of 7.875% senior notes due 2018 (the &#8220;2018 Notes&#8221;) for a redemption price of 103.9375% of the principal amount
 plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. As a result
 at December 28
 2014
 no 2018 Notes remained outstanding. Additionally
 we have an aggregate principal balance of $3.6 million of 7 5/8% senior unsecured notes and 8 3/8% senior subordinated unsecured notes outstanding at December 28
. On June 23
 2011
 we entered into a Subordinated Loan Agreement with JBS USA (the &#8220;Subordinated Loan Agreement&#8221;). Pursuant to the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreement
&#32;to an insurance company serving us in order to allow that insurance company to return cash it held as collateral against potential workers compensation
 auto and general liability claims. In return for providing this letter of credit
 we agreed to reimburse JBS USA for the letter of credit cost we would otherwise incur under our U.S. Credit Facility (as defined below). The total amount we paid in 
 
 
December&#160;28
 2014
We and certain of our subsidiaries entered into the U.S. Credit Facility with Rabobank
 as administrative agent
 and the other lenders party thereto on February 11
 2015. The U.S. Credit Facility provides for a $700.0 million revolving loan commitment and a term loan commitment of up to $1.0 billion (the &#8220;Term Loan&#8221;).  The U.S. Credit Facility also includes an accordion feature that allows us
 at any time
 to increase the aggregate revolving loan and term loan commitments by up to an additional $1.0 billion
 subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions
The revolving loan commitment under the U.S. Credit Facility matures on February 10
 2020.  Beginning on April 2
 2015
 the Term Loan will be payable in quarterly installments equal to 1.25% of the principal outstanding as of closing
 with all remaining principal and interest due at maturity on February 10
The U.S. Credit Facility includes a $75 million sub-limit for swingline loans and a $125 million sub-limit for letters of credit.  Outstanding borrowings under the revolving loan commitment and the Term Loan bear interest at a per annum rate equal to (i) in the case of LIBOR loans
 LIBOR plus 1.50% through March 
 2015 and
 based on our net senior secured leverage ratio
 between LIBOR plus 1.25% and LIBOR plus 2.75% thereafter and (ii) in the case of alternate base rate loans
 the base rate plus 0.50% through March 
 2015 and
 based on our net senior secured leverage ratio
Actual borrowings by us under the U.S. Credit Facility are subject to a borrowing base
 which is a formula based on certain eligible inventory
 eligible receivables and restricted cash under the control of Rabobank
 in its capacity as administrative agent.  The borrowing base formula will be reduced by the sum of (i) inventory reserves
 (ii) rent and collateral access reserves
The U.S. Credit Facility contains financial covenants and various other covenants that may adversely affect our ability to
 among other things
 incur additional indebtedness
 incur liens
 pay dividends or make certain restricted payments
 consummate certain assets sales
 enter into certain transactions with JBS USA and our other affiliates
 merge
All obligations under the U.S. Credit Facility are unconditionally guaranteed by certain of our subsidiaries and are secured by a first priority lien on (i) the accounts receivable and inventories of our company and its non-Mexico subsidiaries
 (ii) 100% of the equity interests in our domestic subsidiaries
 To-Ricos
 Ltd. and To-Ricos Distribution Ltd.
 and 65% of the equity interests in our direct foreign subsidiaries
&#32;On July 23
 2014
 Av&#237;cola and certain other Mexico subsidiaries entered into an unsecured credit agreement (the &#8220;Mexico Credit Facility&#8221;) with BBVA Bancomer
 S.A. Instituci&#243;n de Banca Multiple
 Grupo Financiero BBVA Bancomer
.  The Mexico Credit Facility will mature on July 23
December&#160;28
 2014
&#32;outstanding borrowings under the Mexico Credit Facility. The Mexico Credit facility replaced our amended and restated credit agreement with ING Bank (M&#233;xico)
 S.A. Instituc&#237;on de Banca M&#250;ltiple
 ING Grupo Financiero
 as lender and ING Capital LLC
 as administrative agent
 which was terminated on July 23
We maintain operating leases for various types of equipment
 some of which contain residual value guarantees for the market value of assets at the end of the term of the lease. The terms of the lease maturities range from one to ten years. We estimate the maximum potential amount of the residual value guarantees is approximately $2.6 million; however
 the actual amount would be offset by any recoverable amount based on the fair market value of the underlying leased assets. No liability has been recorded related to this contingency as the likelihood of payments under these guarantees is not considered to be probable
We are a party to many routine contracts in which we provide general indemnities in the normal course of business to third parties for various risks. Among other considerations
 we have not recorded a liability for any of these indemnities as
 based upon the likelihood of payment
 the fair value of such indemnities would not have a material impact on our financial condition
We anticipate spending between $165.0 million and $185.0 million on the acquisition of property
We have determined that the undistributed earnings of our Mexico subsidiaries will be indefinitely reinvested and not distributed to the U.S. The undistributed earnings of our Mexico subsidiaries totaled $435.7 million at December 28
In addition to our debt commitments at December 28
 2014
 we had other commitments and contractual obligations that obligate us to make specified payments in the future. The following table summarizes the total amounts due as of December 28
 2014
 under all debt agreements
3
3
59
16
25
14
3
22
22
498
493
5
585
533
34
14
3
The total amount of our unrecognized tax benefits at December 28
 2014 was $17.4 million. We did not include this amount in the contractual obligations table above as reasonable estimates cannot be made at this time of the amounts or timing of future cash outflows. The table above does not include estimated funding of our unfunded pension and other postretirement benefits obligations totaling approximately $78.5 million at December 28
As discussed in &#8220;- Executive Summary - Recent Developments&#8221;
 we declared a special cash dividend of $1.5 billion on January 15
Interest expense in the table above assumes the continuation of interest rates and outstanding borrowings under our credit facilities as of December&#160;28
Includes (i) agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding on us and that specify all significant terms
 including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed
 minimum
During the first quarter of 2015
 we anticipate we will incur additional secured indebtedness of approximately $1.12 billion under our U.S. Credit Facility in order to partially finance the $1.5 billion special cash dividend to our stockholders and our pending acquisition of Tyson Mexico. Following the completion of those transactions
 we anticipate we will have the ability to borrow approximately $595.0 million under our credit agreements. For additional information
&#32;in 2014 and 2013
Our net working capital position
 which we define as current assets less current liabilities
 increased $294.6 million to a surplus of $1.1 billion and a current ratio of 2.53 at December 28
 2014 compared to a surplus of $845.6 million and a current ratio of 1.78 at December 29
Trade accounts and other receivables
 including accounts receivable from JBS USA
 increased $5.1 million
 or 1.3%
 to $384.1 million at December 28
 2014 from $379.1 million at December 29
Inventories decreased $18.5 million
 or 2.3%
 to $790.3 million at December 28
 2014 from $808.8 million at December&#160;29
Prepaid expenses and other current assets increased $33.6 million
 or 54.3%
 to $95.4 million at December 28
 2014 from $61.8 million at December 29
Accounts payable and accrued expenses
 including accounts payable to JBS USA
 increased $58.6 million
 or 8.9%
 to $716.2 million at December 28
 2014 from $657.6 million at December 29
 2013. This change resulted primarily from the timing of payments disbursed to vendors around December 28
Cash used in investing activities was $63.4 million and $181.8 million in 2014 and 2013
 respectively. We incurred capital expenditures of $171.4 million and $116.2 million for 2014 and 2013
 respectively. In both 2014 and 2013
 capital expenditures were primarily incurred for the routine replacement of equipment and to improve efficiencies and reduce costs. Capital expenditures for 2014 could not exceed $350 million under the terms of our U.S. credit facility. Cash proceeds generated from property disposals in 2014 and 2013 totaled $11.1 million and $31.3 million
 respectively. Cash was used to purchase investment securities totaling $55.1 million and $96.9 million in 2014 and 2013
Cash used in financing activities was $905.6 million and $250.2 million in 2014 and 2013
 respectively. Cash proceeds in 2013 from long-term debt totaled $505.6 million. Cash was used to repay long-term debt totaling $910.2 million and $758.6 million in 2014 and 2013
 respectively. Cash proceeds in 2014 and 2013 resulting from tax benefits related to share-based compensation totaled $0.5 million and $7.7 million
 respectively. Cash proceeds in 2014 from an equity contribution under a tax sharing agreement between JBS USA and our company totaled $3.8 million. Cash proceeds in 2014 from the sale of subsidiary common stock totaled $0.3 million. Additionally
Our net working capital position
 which we define as current assets less current liabilities
 increased $33.0 million to a surplus of $845.6 million and a current ratio of 1.78 at December 29
 2013 compared to a surplus of $812.5 million and a current ratio of 2.11 at December 30
Trade accounts and other receivables
 including accounts receivable from JBS USA
 decreased $7.3 million
 or 1.9%
 to $379.1 million at December 29
 2013 from $386.4 million at December 30
Inventories decreased $141.5 million
 or 14.9%
 to $808.8 million at December 29
 2013 from $950.3 million at December 30
Prepaid expenses and other current assets increased $5.8 million
 or 10.4%
 to $61.8 million at December 29
 2013 from $56.0 million at December 30
Accounts payable and accrued expenses
 including accounts payable to JBS USA
 increased $48.3 million
 or 7.9%
 to $657.6 million at December 29
 2013 from $609.3 million at December 30
 2012. This change resulted primarily from the timing of payments disbursed to vendors around December 29
Cash used in investing activities was $181.8 million and $60.4 million in 2013 and 2012
 respectively. We incurred capital expenditures of $116.2 million and $90.3 million for 2013 and 2012
 respectively. In both 2013 and 2012
 capital expenditures were primarily incurred for the routine replacement of equipment and to improve efficiencies and reduce costs. Cash was used to purchase investment securities totaling $96.9 million and $0.2 million in 2013 and 2012
in 2013 and 2012 totaled $31.3 million and $29.4 million
Cash used in financing activities was $250.2 million in 2013. Cash provided by financing activities was $111.0 million in 2012. Cash proceeds in 2013 and 2012 from long-term debt were $505.6 million and $851.4 million
 respectively. Cash was used to repay long-term debt totaling $758.6 million and $1
110.7 million in 2013 and 2012
In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued new accounting guidance on revenue recognition
 which provides for a single five-step model to be applied to all revenue contracts with customers. The new standard also requires additional financial statement disclosures that will enable users to understand the nature
 amount
. Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements
 which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses. On an ongoing basis
 we evaluate our estimates
 including those related to revenue recognition
 customer programs and incentives
 allowance for doubtful accounts
 inventories
 income taxes and product recall accounting. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances
&#32;We recognize revenue when all of the following circumstances are satisfied: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 (ii) price is fixed or determinable
 (iii) collectability is reasonably assured and (iv) delivery has occurred. Delivery occurs in the period in which the customer takes title and assumes the risks and rewards of ownership of the products specified in the customer's purchase order or sales agreement. Revenue is recorded net of estimated incentive offerings including special pricing agreements
&#32;Live chicken inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market and breeder hens at the lower of cost
 less accumulated amortization
 or market. The costs associated with breeder hens are accumulated up to the production stage and amortized over their productive lives using the unit-of-production method. Finished poultry products
 feed
 eggs and other inventories are stated at the lower of cost (average) or market. We record valuations and adjustments for our inventory and for estimated obsolescence at or equal to the difference between the cost of inventory and the estimated market value based upon known conditions affecting inventory obsolescence
 including significantly aged products
 discontinued product lines
 or damaged or obsolete products. We allocate meat costs between our various finished chicken products based on a by-product costing technique that reduces the cost of the whole bird by estimated yields and amounts to be recovered for certain byproduct parts. This primarily includes leg quarters
 wings
 tenders and offal
 which are carried in inventory at the estimated recovery amounts
 with the remaining amount being reflected as our breast meat cost. Generally
 we perform an evaluation of whether any lower of cost or market adjustments are required at the country level based on a number of factors
 including: (i) pools of related inventory
 (ii) product continuation or discontinuation
 (iii) estimated market selling prices and (iv) expected distribution channels. If actual market conditions or other factors are less favorable than those projected by management
Property
&#32;We record impairment charges on long-lived assets held for use when events and circumstances indicate that the assets may be impaired and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the carrying amount of those assets. The impairment charge is determined based upon the amount by which the net book value of the assets exceeds their fair market value. In making these determinations
 we utilize certain assumptions
 including
 but not limited to: (i) future cash flows estimated to be generated by these assets
 which are based on additional assumptions such as asset utilization
 remaining length of service and estimated salvage values
 (ii) estimated fair market value of the assets
 and (iii) determinations with respect to the lowest level of cash flows relevant to the respective impairment test
 generally groupings of related operational facilities. Given the interdependency of our individual facilities during the production process
 which operate as a vertically integrated network
 we evaluate impairment of assets held for use at the country level (i.e.
 the U.S. and Mexico). Management believes this is the lowest level of identifiable cash flows for our assets that are held for use in production activities. At the present time
We record impairment charges on long-lived assets held for sale when the carrying amount of those assets exceeds their fair value less appropriate selling costs. Fair value is based on amounts documented in sales contracts or letters of intent accepted by us
 amounts included in counteroffers initiated by us
 or
 in the absence of current contract negotiations
 amounts determined using a sales comparison approach for real property and amounts determined using a cost approach for personal property. Under the sales comparison approach
 sales and asking prices of reasonably comparable properties are considered to develop a range of unit prices within which the current real estate market is operating. Under the cost approach
 a current cost to replace the asset new is calculated and then the estimated replacement cost is reduced to reflect the applicable decline in value resulting from physical deterioration
 functional obsolescence and economic obsolescence. Appropriate selling costs includes reasonable broker's commissions
 costs to produce title documents
 filing fees
 legal expenses and the like. We estimate appropriate closing costs as 4% to 6% of asset fair value. This range of rates is considered reasonable for our assets held for sale based on historical experience. We recognized impairment charges related to assets held for sale of $4.0 million and $2.8 million during 2013 and 2012
&#32;We are subject to lawsuits
 investigations and other claims related to employment
 environmental
 product
 and other matters. We are required to assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes
 as well as potential ranges of probable losses
 to these matters. We estimate the amount of reserves required for these contingencies when losses are determined to be probable and after considerable analysis of each individual issue. We expense legal costs related to such loss contingencies as they are incurred. With respect to our environmental remediation obligations
 the accrual for environmental remediation liabilities is measured on an undiscounted basis. These reserves may change in the future due to changes in our assumptions
 the effectiveness of strategies
. Insurance expense for casualty claims and employee-related health care benefits are estimated using historical and current experience and actuarial estimates. Stop-loss coverage is maintained with third-party insurers to limit our total exposure. Certain categories of claim liabilities are actuarially determined. The assumption used to arrive at periodic expenses is reviewed regularly by management. However
&#32;Starting in 2011
 we follow provisions under ASC 740-10-30-27 in the Expenses-Income Taxes topic with regard to members of a group that file a consolidated tax return but issue separate financial statements. We file our own U.S. federal tax return
 but we are included in certain state consolidated returns with JBS USA. The income tax expense of our company is computed using the separate return method. The provision for income taxes has been determined using the asset and liability approach of accounting for income taxes. Under this approach
 deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the book and tax bases of recorded assets and liabilities
 net operating losses and tax credit carry forwards. The amount of deferred tax on these temporary differences is determined using the tax rates expected to apply to the period when the asset is realized or the liability is settled
 as applicable
&#32;We review our deferred tax assets for recoverability and establish a valuation allowance based on historical taxable income
 potential for carry back of tax losses
 projected future taxable income
 applicable tax strategies
&#32;We deem our earnings from Mexico as of December 28
 2014 to be permanently reinvested. As such
 U.S. deferred income taxes have not been provided on these earnings. If such earnings were not considered indefinitely reinvested
 certain deferred foreign and U.S. income taxes would be provided. For activity after 2008
 we did not permanently reinvest our earnings in Puerto Rico. Therefore
&#32;We follow provisions under ASC 740-10-25 that provide a recognition threshold and measurement criteria for the financial statement recognition of a tax benefit taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. Tax benefits are recognized only when it is more likely than not
 based on the technical merits
. Our pension and other postretirement benefit costs and obligations are dependent on the various actuarial assumptions used in calculating such amounts. These assumptions relate to discount rates
 salary growth
 long-term return on plan assets and other factors. We base the discount rate assumptions on current investment yields on high-quality corporate long-term bonds. Long-term return on plan assets is determined based on historical portfolio results and management&#8217;s expectation of the future economic environment. Actual results that differ from our assumptions are accumulated and
 if in excess of the lesser of 10% of the projected benefit obligation or the fair market value of plan assets
The risk inherent in our market risk-sensitive instruments and positions is primarily the potential loss arising from adverse changes in the price of feed ingredients
 foreign currency exchange rates
 interest rates and the credit quality of available-for-sale securities as discussed below. The sensitivity analyses presented do not consider the effects that such adverse changes may have on overall economic activity
&#32;We purchase certain commodities
 primarily corn
 soybean meal and sorghum
 for use as ingredients in the feed we either sell commercially or consume in our live operations. As a result
 our earnings are affected by changes in the price and availability of such feed ingredients. In the past
 we have from time to time attempted to minimize our exposure to the changing price and availability of such feed ingredients using various techniques
 including
 but not limited to
Market risk is estimated as a hypothetical 10.0% change in the weighted-average cost of our primary feed ingredients as of December 28
 2014. However
 fluctuations greater than 10.0% could occur. Based on our feed consumption during 2014
 such a change would have resulted in a change to cost of sales of approximately $287.4 million
 excluding the impact of any feed ingredients derivative financial instruments in that period. A 10.0% change in ending feed ingredients inventories at December&#160;28
 2014 would be $10.0 million
We purchase commodity derivative financial instruments
 specifically exchange-traded futures and options
 in an attempt to mitigate price risk related to its anticipated consumption of commodity inputs for the next 12 months. A 10.0% increase in corn
 soybean meal
 and natural gas prices on December 28
 2014 would have resulted in an increase of approximately $1.3 million in the fair value of our net commodity derivative asset position
 including margin cash
&#32;At December 28
 2014
 we had outstanding fixed-rate debt of $4.2 million and no outstanding variable-rate debt.  At December 28
 2014
 market risk related to our debt instruments was immaterial. For additional information
&#32;Our earnings are also affected by foreign exchange rate fluctuations related to the Mexican peso net monetary position of our Mexico subsidiaries. We manage this exposure primarily by attempting to minimize our Mexican peso net monetary position. We are also exposed to the effect of potential currency exchange rate fluctuations to the extent that amounts are repatriated from Mexico to the U.S. We currently anticipate that the future cash flows of our Mexico subsidiaries will be reinvested in our Mexico operations. In addition
 the Mexican peso exchange rate can directly and indirectly impact our financial condition and results of operations in several ways
 including potential economic recession in Mexico because of devaluation of their currency. The impact on our financial position and results of operations resulting from a hypothetical change in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the Mexican peso cannot be reasonably estimated. Foreign currency exchange gains and losses
 representing the change in the U.S. dollar value of the net monetary assets of our Mexican subsidiaries denominated in Mexican pesos
 was a loss of $28.0 million in 2014
 a loss of $4.4 million in 2013 and a gain of $4.9 million in 2012. The average exchange rates for 2014
 2013 and 2012 were 13.30 Mexican pesos to 1 U.S. dollar
 12.75 Mexican pesos to 1 U.S. dollar and 13.16 Mexican pesos to 1 U.S. dollar
We or our Mexico subsidiaries sometimes purchase foreign currency derivative financial instruments
 specifically exchange-traded forward contracts
 in an attempt to mitigate foreign currency transaction exposure on U.S. dollar-denominated purchases. As of December 28
 2014
 we held foreign currency derivative instruments with a fair value of $2.6 million. Our Mexico subsidiaries held no foreign currency derivative instruments at December 28
Certain retirement plans that we sponsor invest in a variety of financial instruments. We have analyzed our portfolios of investments and
 to the best of our knowledge
 none of our investments
 including money market funds units
 commercial paper and municipal securities
 have been downgraded
 and neither we nor any fund in which we participate hold significant amounts of structured investment vehicles
 auction rate securities
 collateralized debt obligations
 credit derivatives
 hedge funds investments
 fund of funds investments or perpetual preferred securities. Certain postretirement funds in which we participate hold significant amounts of mortgage-backed securities. However
Due to low to moderate inflation in the U.S. and Mexico and our rapid inventory turnover rate
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Corporation as of December&#160;28
 2014 and December 29
 2013
 and the related consolidated statements of income
 comprehensive income
 stockholders&#8217; equity
 and cash flows for the fifty-two weeks ended December 28
 2014 and December 29
 2013 and the fifty-three weeks ended December 30
 2012. In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements
 we have also audited financial statement schedule II
 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
 as of and for the fifty-two weeks ended December 28
 2014 and December 29
 2013 and the fifty-three weeks ended December 30
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Corporation as of December&#160;28
 2014 and December 29
 2013
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the fifty-two weeks ended December 28
 2014 and December 29
 2013 and the fifty-three weeks ended December 30
 2012
 in conformity with U.S.&#160;generally accepted accounting principles.  Also
 in our opinion
 the related financial statement schedule
 when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole
 presents fairly
 in all material respects
We also have audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Corporation&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting as of December&#160;28
 2014
&#32;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO)
 and our report dated February 11
Denver
February 11
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
(In thousands
576
508
96
Trade accounts and other receivables
378
376
5
2
790
808
10
64
27
2
95
61
1
7
1
885
1
928
18
24
40
Identified intangible assets
26
32
Property
 plant and equipment
1
182
1
151
3
119
3
172
399
370
4
3
311
283
3
25
15
410
744
1
083
Long-term debt
3
501
76
13
97
80
922
1
679
Preferred stock
 $.01 par value
 50
000
Common stock
 $.01 par value
 800
000
000 shares authorized; 259
029
2
2
1
662
1
653
591
(120
(62
(45
2
193
1
489
2
2
2
196
1
492
3
119
3
172
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
December&#160;30
(In thousands
8
583
8
411
8
121
7
189
7
565
7
685
1
393
845
435
Selling
188
180
177
2
5
8
1
203
658
250
Interest expense
82
87
104
(4
(2
(1
27
4
(4
Miscellaneous
(4
(4
(1
1
102
573
153
390
24
(20
711
549
174
711
549
174
258
258
250
259
259
250
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
December&#160;30
711
549
174
Unrealized holding gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities
    
 $0 and $0
     benefits
 net of tax of $(10
173)
 $13
774 and $0
(16
22
(22
(16
22
(22
694
572
151
694
572
151
Balance at December&#160;29
214
2
1
443
(843
(46
2
558
174
174
Other comprehensive loss
&#160;&#160;&#160;for-sale securities
&#160;&#160;&#160;postretirement benefits
(22
(22
44
197
198
Balance at December&#160;30
258
2
1
642
(669
(68
2
908
549
549
Other comprehensive income
&#160;&#160;&#160;for-sale securities
&#160;&#160;&#160;postretirement benefits
 net of tax of $13
22
22
3
3
7
7
Balance at December&#160;29
259
2
1
653
(120
(45
2
1
492
711
711
Other comprehensive loss
&#160;&#160;&#160;for-sale securities
&#160;&#160;&#160;postretirement benefits
&#160;&#160;&#160;$(10
(16
(16
3
3
4
4
Balance at December&#160;28
259
2
1
662
591
(62
2
2
196
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
December&#160;30
711
549
174
155
150
147
4
2
38
3
(5
2
(1
2
5
4
3
78
(4
(1
12
(9
7
(14
10
142
(65
(38
(6
(2
44
49
(16
74
(21
(33
1
1
(5
(6
(2
2
(3
1
066
878
199
Acquisitions of property
(171
(116
(90
(55
(96
152
11
31
29
(63
(181
(60
(50
505
851
(910
(758
(1
110
198
3
7
(5
(905
(250
(111
(29
(6
(1
67
440
26
Cash and cash equivalents
508
68
41
Cash and cash equivalents
576
508
68
71
80
96
257
30
10
&#32;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Corporation (referred to herein as &#8220;Pilgrim&#8217;s
&#8221; &#8220;PPC
&#8221; &#8220;the Company
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; &#8220;our
&#8221; or similar terms) is one of the largest chicken producers in the world
 with operations in the United States (&#8220;U.S.&#8221;)
 Mexico and Puerto&#160;Rico.  Pilgrim's products are sold to foodservice
 retail and frozen entr&#233;e customers. The Company's primary distribution is through retailers
 foodservice distributors and restaurants throughout the United States and Puerto Rico and in the northern and central regions of Mexico.  Additionally
&#32;countries. Pilgrim's fresh chicken products consist of refrigerated (nonfrozen) whole chickens
 whole cut-up chickens and selected chicken parts that are either marinated or non-marinated. The Company's prepared chicken products include fully cooked
 ready-to-cook and individually frozen chicken parts
 strips
 nuggets and patties
 some of which are either breaded or non-breaded and either marinated or non-marinated. As a vertically integrated company
 we control every phase of the production of our products. We operate feed mills
 hatcheries
&#32;U.S. states
35
3
December&#160;28
 2014
 JBS USA Holdings
 Inc. (&#8220;JBS USA&#8221;)
 an indirect subsidiary of Brazil-based JBS S.A.
-week fiscal year ending on the Sunday falling on or before December 31. The reader should assume any reference we make to a particular year (for example
The Company measures the financial statements of its Mexico subsidiaries as if the U.S. dollar were the functional currency. Accordingly
 we remeasure assets and liabilities
 other than non-monetary assets
 of the Mexico subsidiaries at current exchange rates. We remeasure nonmonetary assets using the historical exchange rate in effect on the date of each asset's acquisition. We remeasure income and expenses at average exchange rates in effect during the period
We recognize revenue when all of the following circumstances are satisfied: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exits
 (ii) price is fixed or determinable
 (iii) collectability is reasonably assured and (iv) delivery has occurred. Delivery occurs in the period in which the customer takes title and assumes the risks and rewards of ownership of the products specified in the customer's purchase order or sales agreement. Revenue is recorded net of estimated incentive offerings including special pricing agreements
The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Advertising costs are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses and totaled 
 
 
 respectively.
 
 
The Company&#8217;s current investments are comprised of fixed income securities
 primarily commercial paper.  These investments are classified as available-for-sale. These securities are recorded at fair value
 and unrealized holding gains and losses are recorded
 net of tax
 as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income.  Investments in fixed income securities with remaining maturities of less than one year and those identified by management at the time of purchase for funding operations in less than one year are classified as current assets.  Investments in fixed income securities with remaining maturities in excess of one year that management has not identified at the time of purchase for funding operations in less than one year are classified as long-term assets. Unrealized losses are charged against net earnings when a decline in fair value is determined to be other than temporary. Management reviews several factors to determine whether a loss is other than temporary
 such as the length of time a security is in an unrealized loss position
 the extent to which fair value is less than amortized cost
 the impact of changing interest rates in the short and long term
Investments in entities in which the Company has an ownership interest greater than 50% and exercises control over the entity are consolidated in the Consolidated Financial Statements. Investments in entities in which the Company has an ownership interest between 20% and 50% and exercises significant influence are accounted for using the equity method. The Company invests from time to time in ventures in which its ownership interest is less than 20% and over which it does not exercise significant influence. Such investments are accounted for under the cost method. The fair values for investments not traded on a quoted exchange are estimated based upon the historical performance of the ventures
 the ventures&#8217; forecasted financial performance and management&#8217;s evaluation of the ventures&#8217; viability and business models. To the extent the book value of an investment exceeds its assessed fair value
 the Company will record an appropriate impairment charge. Thus
The Company records accounts receivable when revenue is recognized. We record an allowance for doubtful accounts
 reducing our receivables balance to an amount we estimate is collectible from our customers. Estimates used in determining the allowance for doubtful accounts are based on historical collection experience
 current trends
 aging of accounts receivable
 and periodic credit evaluations of our customers&#8217; financial condition. We write off accounts receivable when it becomes apparent
 based upon age or customer circumstances
 that such amounts will not be collected. Generally
Live chicken inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market and breeder hens at the lower of cost
 less accumulated amortization
 or market. The costs associated with breeder hens are accumulated up to the production stage and amortized over their productive lives using the unit-of-production method. Finished poultry products
 feed
We record valuation adjustments for our inventory and for estimated obsolescence at or equal to the difference between the cost of inventory and the estimated market value based upon known conditions affecting inventory
 including significantly aged products
 discontinued product lines
 or damaged or obsolete products. We allocate meat costs between our various finished chicken products based on a by-product costing technique that reduces the cost of the whole bird by estimated yields and amounts to be recovered for certain by-product parts. This primarily includes leg quarters
 wings
 tenders and offal
 which are carried in inventory at the estimated recovery amounts
Generally
 the Company performs an evaluation of whether any lower of cost or market adjustments are required at the country level based on a number of factors
 including: (i) pools of related inventory
 (ii) product continuation or discontinuation
(iii) estimated market selling prices and (iv) expected distribution channels. If actual market conditions or other factors are less favorable than those projected by management
Property
Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost
 and repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of these assets. Estimated useful lives for building
The Company records impairment charges on long-lived assets held for use when events and circumstances indicate that the assets may be impaired and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the carrying amount of those assets. When the above is true
 the impairment charge is determined based upon the amount the net book value of the assets exceeds their fair market value. In making these determinations
 the Company utilizes certain assumptions
 including
 but not limited to: (i) future cash flows estimated to be generated by these assets
 which are based on additional assumptions such as asset utilization
 remaining length of service and estimated salvage values
 (ii) estimated fair market value of the assets and (iii) determinations with respect to the lowest level of cash flows relevant to the respective impairment test
 generally groupings of related operational facilities. Given the interdependency of the Company&#8217;s individual facilities during the production process
 which operate as a vertically integrated network
 it evaluates impairment of assets held for use at the country level (i.e.
 the U.S. and Mexico). Management believes this is the lowest level of identifiable cash flows for its assets that are held for use in production activities. At the present time
The Company records impairment charges on long-lived assets held for sale when the carrying amount of those assets exceeds their fair value less appropriate selling costs. Fair value is based on amounts documented in sales contracts or letters of intent accepted by the Company
 amounts included in counteroffers initiated by the Company
 or
 in the absence of current contract negotiations
 amounts determined using a sales comparison approach for real property and amounts determined using a cost approach for personal property. Under the sales comparison approach
 sales and asking prices of reasonably comparable properties are considered to develop a range of unit prices within which the current real estate market is operating. Under the cost approach
 a current cost to replace the asset new is calculated and then the estimated replacement cost is reduced to reflect the applicable decline in value resulting from physical deterioration
 functional obsolescence and economic obsolescence. Appropriate selling costs includes reasonable broker's commissions
 costs to produce title documents
 filing fees
Our identified intangible assets consist of assets subject to amortization such as trade names
We review intangible assets subject to amortization for impairment whenever an event or change in circumstances indicates the carrying values of the assets may not be recoverable. We test intangible assets subject to amortization for impairment and estimate their fair values using the same assumptions and techniques we employ on property
The Company is subject to lawsuits
 investigations and other claims related to employment
 environmental
 product and other matters. The Company is required to assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes
 as well as potential ranges of probable losses
basis. These reserves may change in the future due to changes in the Company&#8217;s assumptions
 the effectiveness of strategies
Insurance expense for casualty claims and employee-related health care benefits are estimated using historical and current experience and actuarial estimates. Stop-loss coverage is maintained with third-party insurers to limit the Company&#8217;s total exposure. Certain categories of claim liabilities are actuarially determined. The assumptions used to arrive at periodic expenses are reviewed regularly by management. However
The Company follows provisions under ASC 740-10-30-27 in the Expenses-Income Taxes topic with regard to members of a group that file a consolidated tax return but issue separate financial statements. The Company files its own U.S. federal tax return
 but it is included in certain state consolidated returns with JBS USA. The income tax expense of the Company is computed using the separate return method. The provision for income taxes has been determined using the asset and liability approach of accounting for income taxes. Under this approach
 deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the book and tax bases of recorded assets and liabilities
 net operating losses and tax credit carry forwards. The amount of deferred tax on these temporary differences is determined using the tax rates expected to apply to the period when the asset is realized or the liability is settled
 as applicable
The Company reviews its deferred tax assets for recoverability and establishes a valuation allowance based on historical taxable income
 potential for carry back of tax losses
 projected future taxable income
 applicable tax strategies
December&#160;28
&#32;to be permanently reinvested. As such
 U.S. deferred income taxes have not been provided on these earnings. If such earnings were not considered indefinitely reinvested
 certain deferred foreign and U.S. income taxes would be provided. For activity after 2008
 the Company did not permanently reinvest its earnings in Puerto Rico. Therefore
The Company follows provisions under ASC 740-10-25 that provide a recognition threshold and measurement criteria for the financial statement recognition of a tax benefit taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. Tax benefits are recognized only when it is more likely than not
 based on the technical merits
Our pension and other postemployment benefit costs and obligations are dependent on the various actuarial assumptions used in calculating such amounts. These assumptions relate to discount rates
 long-term return on plan assets and other factors. We base the discount rate assumptions on current investment yields on high-quality corporate long-term bonds. We determine the long-term return on plan assets based on historical portfolio results and management&#8217;s expectation of the future economic environment. Actual results that differ from our assumptions are accumulated and
 if in excess of the lesser of 10% of the projected benefit obligation or the fair market value of plan assets
Rent expense for operating leases is recorded on a straight-line basis over the lease term unless the lease contains an escalation clause which is not fixed or determinable. The lease term begins when we have the right to control the use of the leased property
 which is typically before rent payments are due under the terms of the lease. If a lease has a fixed or determinable escalation clause
The Company attempts to mitigate commodity purchase exposures through a program of risk management that includes the use of forward purchase contractual obligations and derivative financial instruments. The Company will also occasionally purchase derivative financial instruments in an attempt to mitigate currency exchange rate exposure related to the net assets of its Mexico operations that are denominated in Mexican pesos. The Company's Mexico subsidiaries also attempt to mitigate the foreign currency exposure on certain U.S. dollar-denominated transactions through the use of derivative financial instruments. We recognize all derivative financial instruments in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. We elected not to designate derivative financial instruments executed to mitigate commodity purchase exposures and foreign currency exposures as hedges of forecasted transactions. Therefore
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (&#8220;U.S. GAAP&#8221;) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. We make significant estimates in regard to receivables collectability; inventory valuation; realization of deferred tax assets; valuation of long-lived assets; valuation of contingent liabilities
In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued new accounting guidance on revenue recognition
 which provides for a single five-step model to be applied to all revenue contracts with customers. The new standard also requires additional financial statement disclosures that will enable users to understand the nature
 amount
Fair value is an exit price
 representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. Assets and liabilities measured at fair value must be categorized into one of three different levels depending on the assumptions (i.e.
Unobservable inputs
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2013
The Company maintains nonqualified deferred compensation plans for executives and other highly compensated employees. Investments are maintained within a trust and include money market funds
December&#160;28
8
8
2
2
6
6
(8
(8
(14
(14
(3
(3
December&#160;29
96
96
1
1
1
1
1
1
7
7
(1
(1
(552
(552
(424
(424
Balance
(424
(686
(509
410
762
14
9
Balance
(424
The valuation of financial assets and liabilities classified in Level 1 is determined using a market approach
 taking into account current interest rates
 creditworthiness
 and liquidity risks in relation to current market conditions
In addition to the fair value disclosure requirements related to financial instruments carried at fair value
December 28
December&#160;29
96
96
8
8
1
1
1
1
2
2
1
1
6
6
7
7
(8
(8
(1
(1
(14
(14
(4
(4
(912
(977
The carrying amounts of our cash and cash equivalents
 derivative trading accounts' margin cash
 restricted cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2013
In addition to assets and liabilities that are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis
 the Company records certain assets and liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. Generally
 assets are recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as a result of impairment charges when required by U.S. GAAP. At December 28
 2014
Trade accounts and other receivables (including accounts receivable from related parties)
 less allowance for doubtful accounts
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
371
369
5
2
1
9
11
Receivables
386
383
(2
(4
Receivables
384
379
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
363
368
Feed
198
216
227
223
789
808
Commercial feed
790
808
We recognize investments in available-for-sale securities as cash equivalents
 current investments or long-term investments depending upon each security's length to maturity. Additionally
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
204
204
103
103
96
96
$25
620
$18
The Company utilizes various raw materials in its operations
 including corn
 soybean meal
 soybean oil
 sorghum
 natural gas
 electricity and diesel fuel
 which are all considered commodities. The Company considers these raw materials generally available from a number of different sources and believes it can obtain them to meet its requirements. These commodities are subject to price fluctuations and related price risk due to factors beyond our control
 such as economic and political conditions
 supply and demand
 weather
 governmental regulation and other circumstances. Generally
 the Company purchases derivative financial instruments
 specifically exchange-traded futures and options
The Company has operations in Mexico and
 therefore
 has exposure to translational foreign exchange risk when the financial results of those operations are translated to U.S. dollars. Generally
We have not designated the derivative financial instruments that we have purchased to mitigate commodity purchase or foreign currency transaction exposures as cash flow hedges. Therefore
 we recognize changes in the fair value of these derivative financial instruments immediately in earnings. Gains or losses related to these derivative financial instruments are included in the line item 
 
 
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
8
2
(22
(1
2
1
25
4
December&#160;29
40
(31
9
51
(27
23
91
(58
32
December&#160;28
40
(32
7
51
(31
19
91
(64
26
783
 
 
8. PROPERTY
Property
 plant and equipment (&#8220;PP&amp;E&#8221;)
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
66
66
1
086
1
077
1
537
1
502
52
55
129
66
Property
 plant and equipment
2
873
2
769
(1
690
(1
617
Property
 plant and equipment
1
182
1
151
811
 
 
 respectively.
&#32;included a warehouse in Texas
 vehicle maintenance centers in Texas and North Carolina
 an office building in Mexico City
 a processing plant in Pennsylvania
 and a fertilizer building with miscellaneous fixtures and equipment in Texas. During 
&#32;included vehicle maintenance centers in Texas
 Arkansas
 and Georgia
 excess land in Texas
 a hatchery in North Carolina
 a complex in Arkansas
 an office building in Georgia
During 2014
The Company has closed or idled processing facilities in Alabama
 Georgia
 Arkansas and Texas
 feed mills in North Carolina and Arkansas
 hatcheries in Alabama
 Texas
 and Arkansas
 various broiler farms in Texas and Alabama
 a vehicle maintenance center in Arkansas and other miscellaneous assets. Neither the Board of Directors nor JBS USA has determined if it would be in the best interest of the Company to divest any of these idled assets. Management is therefore not certain that it can or will divest any of these assets within one year
 is not actively marketing these assets and
 accordingly
December&#160;28
 2014
Management has committed to the sale of certain properties and related assets
 including
 but not limited to
 a processing plant in Bossier City
 Louisiana and miscellaneous assets
December&#160;28
 2014
December&#160;28
&#32;by comparing the book value of its invested capital
 exclusive of assets held for sale
 with the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of its long-lived assets held for use. The Company determined that the carrying amount of its long-lived assets held for use is recoverable over the remaining life of the primary asset in the group
 and the long-lived assets for use pass the Step 1 recoverability test of ASC 360-10-35
Current liabilities
 other than income taxes and current maturities of long-term debt
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
347
313
47
55
5
1
399
370
4
3
123
100
7
85
99
8
1
14
79
73
311
283
716
657
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
Senior notes
 at 7 7/8%
497
204
205
4
4
4
912
(410
Long-term debt
3
501
On December 15
 2014
&#32;of the principal amount
 plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. As a result
 at December 28
 2014
&#32;2018 Notes remained outstanding. Additionally
&#32;of 7 5/8% senior unsecured notes and 8 3/8% senior subordinated unsecured notes outstanding at December 28
On June 23
 2011
 the Company entered into a Subordinated Loan Agreement with JBS USA (the &#8220;Subordinated Loan Agreement&#8221;). Pursuant to the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreement
&#32;to an insurance company serving the Company in order to allow that insurance company to return cash it held as collateral against potential workers compensation
 auto and general liability claims. In return for providing this letter of credit
 the Company has agreed to reimburse JBS USA for the letter of credit cost the Company would otherwise incur under its U.S. Credit Facility (as defined below). The total amount paid by the Company for 
&#32;costs
 to reimburse JBS USA
 was 
 
December&#160;28
 2014
Pilgrim&#8217;s and certain of its subsidiaries entered into a credit agreement (the &#8220;2013 U.S. Credit Facility&#8221;) with CoBank
 ACB
 as administrative agent and collateral agent
 and other lenders party thereto
 which was amended and restated on August 7
&#32;(the &#8220;Delayed Draw Term Loans&#8221;). The Company can draw upon the Delayed Draw Term Loan commitment
 in one or more advances
 between May 1
 2014 and December 28
 2014. The 2013 U.S. Credit Facility also includes an accordion feature that allows us
 at any time
 to increase the aggregate revolving loan commitment by up to an additional 
 in each case subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions
August&#160;7
&#32;of the principal outstanding as of December 28
 2014
August&#160;7
On December&#160;28
 2009
&#32;related to the 2013 U.S. Credit Facility that it recognized as an asset on its balance sheet. On August 7
 2013
Subsequent to the end of each fiscal year
 a portion of our cash flow was required to be used to repay outstanding principal amounts under Term B loans executed under the 2013 U.S. Credit Facility. With respect to 
&#32;of its cash flow toward the outstanding principal under the Term B-1 loans on December 30
&#32;of its cash flow toward the outstanding principal under the Term B-2 loans on April 28
 2014. Following the April 28
 2014 payment
Actual borrowings by the Company under the revolving credit commitment component of the 2013 U.S. Credit Facility are subject to a borrowing base
 which is a formula based on certain eligible inventory
 eligible receivables and restricted cash under the control of CoBank
December&#160;28
 2014
 the applicable borrowing base was 
December&#160;28
The 2013 U.S. Credit Facility contains financial covenants and various other covenants that may adversely affect our ability to
 among other things
 incur additional indebtedness
 incur liens
 pay dividends or make certain restricted payments
 consummate certain assets sales
 enter into certain transactions with JBS USA and our other affiliates
 merge
 consolidate and/or sell or dispose of all or substantially all of our assets.  The 2013 U.S. Credit Facility requires the Company to comply with a minimum level of tangible net worth covenant.  The Company is currently in compliance with this financial covenant.  All other financial covenants were eliminated in connection with the August 7
All obligations under the 2013 U.S. Credit Facility are unconditionally guaranteed by certain of the Company&#8217;s subsidiaries and are secured by a first priority lien on (i) the accounts receivable and inventories of the Company and its non-Mexico subsidiaries
&#32;of the equity interests in the Company&#8217;s other subsidiaries
On February 11
 2015
 the Company and its subsidiaries
 To-Ricos
 Ltd. and To-Ricos Distribution
 Ltd. (together
 the &#8220;To-Ricos Borrowers&#8221;)
 entered into a Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the &#8220;2015 U.S. Credit Facility&#8221;) with Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 Rabobank Nederland
 New York Branch (&#8220;Rabobank&#8221;)
 as administrative agent
&#32;(the &#8220;Term Loans&#8221;).  The 2015 U.S. Credit Facility also includes an accordion feature that allows us
 at any time
 to increase the aggregate revolving loan and term loan commitments by up to an additional 
 subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions
The revolving loan commitment under the 2015 U.S. Credit Facility matures on February 10
 2020.  Beginning on April 2
 2015
&#32;of the principal outstanding as of closing
&#32;sub-limit for letters of credit.  Outstanding borrowings under the revolving loan commitment and the Term Loans bear interest at a per annum rate equal to (i) in the case of LIBOR loans
 LIBOR plus 
 2015 and
 based on our net senior secured leverage ratio
&#32;and (ii) in the case of alternate base rate loans
 the base rate plus 
 2015 and
 based on our net senior secured leverage ratio
Actual borrowings by the Company under the 2015 U.S. Credit Facility are subject to a borrowing base
 which is a formula based on certain eligible inventory
 eligible receivables and restricted cash under the control of Rabobank
 in its capacity as administrative agent.  The borrowing base formula will be reduced by the sum of (i) inventory reserves
 (ii) rent and collateral access reserves
All obligations under the 2015 U.S. Credit Facility will continue to be unconditionally guaranteed by certain of the Company's subsidiaries and will continue to be secured by a first priority lien on (i) the domestic (including Puerto Rico) accounts and inventory of the Company and its subsidiaries
&#32;of the equity interests in the Company's direct foreign subsidiaries
 (iii) substantially all of the personal property and intangibles of the Company
The Company is also subject to customary covenants under the 2015 U.S. Credit Facility
 including certain reporting requirements.  Proceeds of the borrowings under the 2015 U.S. Credit Facility may be used to finance the general corporate purposes of the borrowers (including capital expenditures
 permitted acquisitions
.  In addition
 the 2015 U.S. Credit Facility contains a number of covenants that
 among other things
Pay dividends
Enter into certain transactions with JBS USA Holdings
Merge
On July 23
 2014
 Av&#237;cola and certain Mexican subsidiaries entered into an unsecured credit agreement (the &#8220;Mexico Credit Facility&#8221;) with BBVA Bancomer
 S.A. Instituci&#243;n de Banca Multiple
 Grupo Financiero BBVA Bancomer
.  The Mexico Credit Facility will mature on July 23
September&#160;28
 2014
&#32;outstanding borrowings under the Mexico Credit Facility. The Mexico Credit facility replaced our amended and restated credit agreement with ING Bank (M&#233;xico)
 S.A. Instituc&#237;on de Banca M&#250;ltiple
 ING Grupo Financiero
 as lender and ING Capital LLC
 as administrative agent
 which was terminated on July 23
December&#160;28
3
4
242
 
 
 respectively. Interest related to new construction capitalized in 
 
 
953
469
62
149
104
90
1
102
573
153
262
(28
22
26
9
24
3
309
29
(19
29
22
31
(3
20
(24
81
(5
(1
390
24
(20
State tax rate
December 28
December 29
126
125
48
74
36
33
18
9
8
9
238
251
5
20
7
15
2
79
4
4
52
47
9
12
20
10
43
42
26
20
173
253
(9
(10
164
243
74
8
In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets
 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities (including the impact of available carry back and carry forward periods)
December&#160;28
 2014
December&#160;28
 2014
 the Company's valuation allowance is 
December&#160;28
 2014
December&#160;28
December&#160;28
 2014
On November 6
 2009
 H.R. 3548 was signed into law and included a provision that allowed most business taxpayers an increased carry back period for net operating losses incurred in 2008 or 2009. As a result
December&#160;28
the amount of incremental taxes that might arise if these earnings were to be remitted. For activity after 2008
 the Company is not permanently reinvesting its earnings in Puerto Rico. Therefore
During 2011
 the Company completed its deconsolidation of its Mexico operations from a tax perspective to help minimize the impact of the Mexico tax reform that became effective January 1
 2010. As a result
 all of the Mexico subsidiaries started filing separate returns in 2011. The deconsolidation reduced the accrued taxes that had been previously recognized under the consolidated filing status as it eliminated recapturing certain taxes required under the new consolidation laws. As a result of the deconsolidation
 the Company recognized a benefit of 
 which reduced the additional taxes that had been previously accrued as of December 27
 2009
December 28
December 29
Unrecognized tax benefits
17
16
Unrecognized tax benefits
17
17
December&#160;28
 2014
&#32;of tax benefits that
 if recognized
December&#160;28
 2014
 the Company had recorded a liability of 
The Company operates in the U.S. (including multiple state jurisdictions)
 Puerto Rico and Mexico. With few exceptions
 the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal
The Company is challenging the IRS' proof of claim relating to the tax year ended June 26
On September 13
 2013
 the IRS issued the final
 revised Tangible Property Repair Regulations for IRC Sections 162(a) and 263(a) which modify and supersede the Temporary Regulations that were issued on December 23
 2011. In addition
 the IRS also released new proposed regulations for dispositions of tangible property under IRC Section 168. These final and proposed regulations are effective for tax years beginning January&#160;1
The Company sponsors programs that provide retirement benefits to most of its employees. These programs include qualified defined benefit pension plans
 nonqualified defined benefit retirement plans
 a defined benefit postretirement life insurance plan
 and defined contribution retirement savings plans. Under all of our retirement plans
 the Company&#8217;s expenses were 
 
 
December&#160;28
The Company sponsors two qualified defined benefit pension plans named the Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Retirement Plan for Union Employees (the &#8220;Union Plan&#8221;) and the Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Pension Plan for Legacy Gold Kist Employees (the &#8220;GK Pension Plan&#8221;). The Union Plan covers certain locations or work groups within PPC. The GK Pension Plan covers certain eligible U.S. employees who were employed at locations that the Company purchased through its acquisition of Gold Kist in 2007. Participation in the GK Pension Plan was frozen as of February 8
 2007 for all participants with the exception of terminated vested participants who are or may become permanently and totally disabled. The plan was frozen for that group as of March 31
The Company sponsors two nonqualified defined benefit retirement plans named the Former Gold Kist Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (the &#8220;SERP Plan&#8221;) and the Former Gold Kist Inc. Directors&#8217; Emeriti Retirement Plan (the &#8220;Directors&#8217; Emeriti Plan&#8221;). Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride assumed sponsorship of the SERP Plan and Directors&#8217; Emeriti Plan through its acquisition of Gold Kist in 2007. The SERP Plan provides benefits on compensation in excess of certain IRC limitations to certain former executives with whom Gold Kist negotiated individual agreements. Benefits under the SERP Plan were frozen as of February 8
The Company sponsors one defined benefit postretirement life insurance plan named the Gold Kist Inc. Retiree Life Insurance Plan (the &#8220;Retiree Life Plan&#8221;). Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride also assumed defined benefit postretirement medical and life insurance obligations
 including the Retiree Life Plan
 through its acquisition of Gold Kist in 2007. In January 2001
 Gold Kist began to substantially curtail its programs for active employees. On July 1
 2003
 Gold Kist terminated medical coverage for retirees age 65 or older
The change in benefit obligation
 change in fair value of plan assets
Projected benefit obligation
170
194
1
1
8
7
24
(24
(12
(8
Projected benefit obligation
190
170
1
1
Fair value of plan assets
108
92
3
16
13
7
(12
(8
Fair value of plan assets
113
108
Unfunded benefit obligation
(76
(61
(1
(1
(9
(9
(67
(52
(1
(1
(76
(61
(1
(1
43
16
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2013
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2013
8
7
8
(6
(5
(5
1
1
3
2
The expected rate of return on plan assets was determined based on the current interest rate environment and historical market premiums relative to the fixed income rates of equities and other asset classes. We also take into consideration anticipated asset allocations
Pooled separate accounts (&#8220;PSAs&#8221;) and common collective trust funds (&#8220;CCTs&#8221;) are two of the most common types of alternative vehicles in which benefit plans invest. These investments are pooled funds that look like mutual funds
 but they are not registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Often times
 they will be invested in mutual funds or other marketable securities
 but the unit price generally will be different from the value of the underlying securities because the fund may also hold cash for liquidity purposes
 and the fees imposed by the fund are deducted from the fund value rather than charged separately to investors. Some PSAs and CCTs have no restrictions as to their investment strategy and can invest in riskier investments
 such as derivatives
 hedge funds
 private equity funds
Absent regulatory or statutory limitations
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
4
4
4
4
1
1
1
1
1
1
2
2
6
6
3
3
29
29
28
28
18
18
16
16
19
19
19
19
31
31
31
31
113
113
108
108
Unobservable inputs
 such as discounted cash flow models or valuations
This category is comprised of investment options that invest in stocks
 or shares of ownership
 in large
This category is generally comprised of investment options that invest in stocks
 or shares of ownership
This category is comprised of investment options that invest in stocks
 or shares of ownership
This category is comprised of investment options that invest in bonds
 or debt of a company or government entity (including U.S. and non-U.S. entities). It may also include real estate investment options that directly own property. These investment options typically carry more risk than short-term fixed income investment options (including
 for real estate investment options
 liquidity risk)
The valuation of plan assets in Level 2 is determined using a market approach based upon quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
December&#160;28
&#32;expected to be paid in each of the next five years and in the aggregate for the five years thereafter from our pension and other postretirement plans. Because our pension plans are primarily funded plans
 the anticipated benefits with respect to these plans will come primarily from the trusts established for these plans. Because our other postretirement plans are unfunded
13
12
12
11
11
52
114
1
276
 as required by funding regulations or laws
 to our pension and other postretirement plans
 respectively
Net actuarial loss (gain)
16
53
31
(1
24
(24
24
2
(11
(2
Net actuarial loss (gain)
43
16
53
December&#160;28
The Company sponsors two defined contribution retirement savings plans named the Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Retirement Savings Plan (the &#8220;RS Plan&#8221;) and the To-Ricos Employee Savings and Retirement Plan (the &#8220;To-Ricos Plan&#8221;). The RS Plan is an IRC Section 401(k) salary deferral plan maintained for certain eligible US employees. Under the RS Plan
$245
. The To-Ricos Plan is an IRC Section 1165(e) salary deferral plan maintained for certain eligible Puerto Rican employees. Under the To-Ricos Plan
 eligible employees may voluntarily contribute a percentage of their compensation and there are various company matching provisions. The Company also maintains three postretirement plans for eligible Mexico employees as required by Mexico law that primarily cover termination benefits.
 
 
Certain retirement plans that the Company sponsors invest in a variety of financial instruments. Certain postretirement funds in which the Company participates hold significant amounts of mortgage-backed securities. However
In January 2012
 Pilgrim's commenced the Rights Offering for stockholders of record as of January 17
&#32;shares of Pilgrim's common stock
 rounded up to the next largest whole number
44
444
&#32;per share from a pool of the shares left over had all stockholders not elected to exercise their basic subscription privileges in full. JBS USA committed to participate in the Rights Offering and exercise its basic and over-subscription privileges in full. The last day a stockholder could exercise either their basic subscription rights or their over-subscription rights was February 29
 2012. On March 7
 2012
44
444
444
 plus accrued interest
Balance
(45
(45
(68
(68
(16
(16
21
21
1
1
(16
(16
22
22
Balance
(62
(62
(45
(45
Selling
Selling
(1
(1
The Company sponsors the Union Plan
The Company sponsors the GK Pension Plan
 a qualified defined benefit pension plan covering certain eligible U.S. employees who were employed at locations that the Company purchased through its acquisition of Gold Kist in 2007
 the SERP Plan
 a nonqualified defined benefit retirement plan covering certain former Gold Kist executives
 the Directors&#8217; Emeriti Plan
 a nonqualified defined benefit retirement plan covering certain former Gold Kist directors and the Retiree Life Plan
 a defined benefit postretirement life insurance plan covering certain retired Gold Kist employees (collectively
On January 15
 2015
&#32;based on the current number of shares outstanding. The special cash dividend is payable on February 17
 2015
 to stockholders of record on January 30
 2015.  The Company intends to use proceeds from the 2015 U.S. Credit Facility to fund
 along with cash on hand
Set forth below is the Condensed Unaudited Pro Forma Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 28
 2014
 which gives effect to the special cash dividend and the borrowings necessary to fund the special cash dividend as if they occurred on December&#160;28
Condensed Unaudited Pro Forma Consolidated Balance Sheet. Management of the Company believes that the assumptions used provide a reasonable basis on which to present the Condensed Unaudited Pro Forma Consolidated Balance Sheet. The pro forma financial information does not purport to be indicative of the financial position that would actually have resulted if the special cash dividend and the related borrowings necessary to fund the special cash dividend had been completed as of such date or that may result in the future. The pro forma financial information should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes thereto
December&#160;28
December&#160;28
576
1
196
267
(1
500
(4
Trade accounts and other receivables
378
378
790
790
139
139
1
885
(308
1
576
Property
 plant and equipment
1
182
1
182
51
4
55
3
119
(304
2
815
744
744
Long-term debt
3
1
196
1
199
76
76
97
97
2
196
(1
500
696
3
119
(304
2
815
063
The Condensed Unaudited Pro Forma Balance Sheet as of December 28
 2014 gives effect to the transactions as if they occurred on December 28
The Company sponsors a short-term incentive plan that provides the grant of either cash or share-based bonus awards payable upon achievement of specified performance goals (the &#8220;STIP&#8221;). Full-time
December&#160;28
The Company also sponsors a performance-based
 omnibus long-term incentive plan that provides for the grant of a broad range of long-term equity-based and cash-based awards to the Company&#8217;s officers and other employees
 members of the Board and any consultants (the &#8220;LTIP&#8221;). The equity-based awards that may be granted under the LTIP include &#8220;incentive stock options
&#8221; within the meaning of the IRC
 nonqualified stock options
 stock appreciation rights
December&#160;28
 2014
100
January&#160;14
January&#160;3
72
August&#160;27
April&#160;27
608
February&#160;4
December&#160;31
15
February&#160;25
February&#160;24
15
February&#160;25
February&#160;24
206
February&#160;26
December&#160;31
462
February&#160;19
December&#160;31
Selling
4
2
4
3
1
(In thousands
1
120
December&#160;28
 2014
Historically
Pilgrim's has been and
 in some cases
 continues to be a party to certain transactions with affiliated persons and our current and former directors and executive officers. Company management has analyzed the terms of all contracts executed with related parties and believes that they are substantially similar to
 and contain terms no less favorable to us than
On December 28
 2009
 JBS USA became the holder of the majority of the common stock of the Company. As of December 28
 2014
1
2
1
3
JBS USA
Purchases from JBS USA
115
80
69
Expenditures paid by JBS USA
31
55
61
Sales to JBS USA
39
61
206
Expenditures paid by Pilgrim&#8217;s on behalf of JBS USA
4
1
4
4
2
Beginning on October 26
 2011
&#32;for potential draws upon these letters of credit. We reimburse JBS USA for the letter of credit costs we would have otherwise incurred under our credit facilities. During 2014
&#32;for letter of credit costs. As of December&#160;28
 2014
On January&#160;19
 2010
 the Company entered into an agreement with JBS USA
 LLC in order to allocate costs associated with JBS USA
 LLC's procurement of SAP licenses and maintenance services for its combined companies. Under this agreement
 the fees associated with procuring SAP licenses and maintenance services are allocated between the Company and JBS USA
 LLC in proportion to the percentage of licenses used by each company. The agreement expires on the date of expiration
 or earlier termination
 of the underlying SAP license agreement. On May&#160;5
 2010
 the Company also entered into an agreement with JBS USA
 LLC in order to allocate the costs of supporting the business operations by one consolidated corporate team
 which have historically been supported by their respective corporate teams. Expenditures paid by JBS USA
 LLC on behalf of the Company will be reimbursed by the Company and expenditures paid by the Company on behalf of JBS USA
 LLC will be reimbursed by JBS USA
 LLC. This agreement expires on May 5
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2013
 the outstanding payable to JBS USA was 
 respectively. As of December 28
 2014
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2013
 the outstanding payable to JBS USA
 LLC was 
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2013
 the outstanding receivable from JBS USA
 LLC was 
December&#160;28
 2014
&#32;of goods from JBS USA
As of December 28
 2014
We are a party to many routine contracts in which we provide general indemnities in the normal course of business to third parties for various risks. Among other considerations
 we have not recorded a liability for any of these indemnities as based upon the likelihood of payment
 the fair value of such indemnities would not have a material impact on our financial condition
The Company will sometimes enter into noncancelable contracts to purchase capital equipment and certain commodities such as corn
 soybean meal
December&#160;28
 2014
 the Company was party to outstanding purchase contracts totaling 
&#32;payable in 2015
 
 and 
 respectively.
 
 
16
14
11
8
5
3
59
The Company also maintains operating leases for various types of equipment
; however
Pursuant to the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreement
The Company&#8217;s loan agreements generally obligate the Company to reimburse the applicable lender for incremental increased costs due to a change in law that imposes (i) any reserve or special deposit requirement against assets of
 deposits with or credit extended by such lender related to the loan
 (ii) any tax
 duty or other charge with respect to the loan (except standard income tax) or (iii) capital adequacy requirements. In addition
 some of the Company&#8217;s loan agreements contain a withholding tax provision that requires the Company to pay additional amounts to the applicable lender or other financing party
 generally if withholding taxes are imposed on such lender or other financing party as a result of a change in the applicable tax law. These increased cost and withholding tax provisions continue for the entire term of the applicable transaction
 and there is no limitation on the maximum additional amounts the Company could be obligated to pay under such provisions. Any failure to pay amounts due under such provisions generally would trigger an event of default
 and
 in a secured financing transaction
We are a party to many routine contracts in which we provide general indemnities in the normal course of business to third parties for various risks. Among other considerations
 we have not recorded a liability for any of these indemnities as based upon the likelihood of payment
 the fair value of such indemnities would not have a material impact on our financial condition
The Company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims which arise in the ordinary course of business. In the Company&#8217;s opinion
 it has made appropriate and adequate accruals for claims where necessary; however
 the ultimate liability for these matters is uncertain
 and if significantly different than the amounts accrued
 the ultimate outcome could have a material effect on the financial condition or results of operations of the Company. For a discussion of the material legal proceedings and claims
 see Part II
On December 1
 2008
 Pilgrim&#8217;s and six of its subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in the Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of Texas
 Fort Worth Division (&#8220;Bankruptcy Court&#8221;). The cases were jointly administered under Case No. 08-45664. The Company emerged from Chapter 11 on December 28
Company is the named defendant in several pre-petition lawsuits that
December&#160;28
 2014
 have not been resolved. Among the claims presently pending are claims brought against certain current and former directors
 executive officers and employees of the Company
 the Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Administrative Committee and the Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Pension Committee seeking unspecified damages under section 502 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (&#8220;ERISA&#8221;)
 29 U.S.C. &#167; 1132. These claims were brought by individual participants in the Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Retirement Savings Plan
 individually and on behalf of a putative class
 alleging that the defendants breached fiduciary duties to plan participants and beneficiaries or otherwise violated ERISA. Although the Company is not a named defendant in these claims
Other claims presently pending against the Company are claims seeking unspecified damages brought by current or former contract chicken growers who allege
 along with other assertions
 that the Company breached grower contracts and made false representations to induce the plaintiffs into building chicken farms and entering into chicken growing agreements with the Company. In the case styled Shelia Adams
 et al. v. Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Corporation
 on September 30
 2011
 the trial court issued its findings of fact and conclusions of law stating that the Company violated section 192(e) of the Packers and Stockyards Act of 1921 by purportedly attempting to manipulate the price of chicken by idling the El Dorado
. Afterward
 the Company filed post-judgment motions attacking the trial court&#8217;s findings of fact and conclusions of law
 which
 on December 28
 2011
. On January 19
 2012
 the Company appealed the findings of fact and conclusions of law and decision concerning the post-judgment motions to the United States Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals (&#8220;Fifth Circuit&#8221;). Oral argument occurred December 3
 2012. On August 27
 2013
 the Fifth Circuit reversed the judgment
 and entered a judgment in favor of the Company. Plaintiffs thereafter filed a petition for rehearing en banc. Plaintiffs&#8217; petition for rehearing was denied on October 15
 2013. On January 13
 2014
 Plaintiffs filed a Petition for a Writ of Certiorari requesting the Supreme Court of the United States to accept their case for review. Plaintiff&#8217;s petition for a Writ of Certiorari was denied on February 24
 2014. The Fifth Circuit's decision and prior favorable trial court rulings regarding the El Dorado growers' claims suggest that the likelihood of any recovery by growers remaining in the case is too remote to maintain the previously-recorded loss accrual. Therefore
 the Company reversed the accrual on September 1
As for the remaining chicken grower claims
 the bench trial relating to the allegations asserted by the plaintiffs from the Farmerville
 Louisiana complex began on July 16
 2012. That bench trial concluded on August 2
 2012
 but the Marshall Court postponed its ruling until the appeals process regarding the allegations asserted by the El Dorado growers was exhausted. The bench trial relating to the claims asserted by the plaintiffs from the Nacogdoches
 Texas complex began on September 12
 2012
 but was also postponed until the appeals process regarding the allegations asserted by the El&#160;Dorado growers was exhausted. The remaining bench trial for the plaintiffs from the De Queen and Batesville
 Arkansas complexes was scheduled for October 29
 2012
 but that trial date was canceled. Following the denial by the Supreme Court of the United States for a Writ of Certiorari related to the claims asserted by the plaintiffs from the El Dorado
 Arkansas complex
 the Marshall Court requested briefing on the allegations asserted by the plaintiffs from the Farmerville
 Louisiana complex and scheduled trial proceedings for allegations asserted by the plaintiffs from the Nacogdoches complex on August 25
 2014 and allegations asserted by the plaintiffs from the De Queen and Batesville
 Arkansas complexes on October 27
 2014.  Prior to commencing the trial proceedings on the allegations asserted by the plaintiffs from the De Queen and Batesville
 Arkansas complexes
 the Marshall Court announced it would enter judgment in PPC&#8217;s favor on all remaining federal causes of action
 and plaintiffs from the De Queen and Batesville complexes were given additional time to brief Arkansas state law claims. The court-imposed deadline passed with no briefs filed by plaintiffs. At this time
. We entered into two Stipulations with the IRS on December 12
&#32;included in the amended proof of claim
 we filed a petition in Tax Court on May 26
 2010 in response to a Notice of Deficiency that was issued to the Company as the successor in interest to Gold Kist. The Notice of Deficiency and the Tax Court proceeding relate to a loss that Gold Kist claimed for its tax year ended June&#160;26
 2004. On December 11
 2013
 the Tax Court issued its opinion in the Tax Court case holding the loss that Gold Kist claimed for its tax year ended June 26
 2004 is capital in nature. On January 10
 2014
 PPC filed both a Motion for Reconsideration and a Motion for Full Tax Court review of both its Motion for Reconsideration and any order issued in response to such motion. On March&#160;10
 2014
 the Tax Court denied both the Motion for Reconsideration and the Motion for Full Tax Court review. On April 14
 2014
 the Company appealed the findings of fact and conclusions of law and decision concerning the post-judgment motions to the Fifth Circuit. The Company filed an opening brief with the Fifth Circuit on June 30
a response brief with the Fifth Circuit on August 15
 2014. The Company then filed their reply brief with the Fifth Circuit on September 2
 2014. Oral argument before the Fifth Circuit occurred during the week beginning January 5
Upon the initial filing of the Gold Kist tax return for the year ended June 26
 2004
 the Company assessed the likelihood that the position related to the proceeding would be sustained upon examination and determined that it met the recognition threshold and the full amount of benefit was recognized. We continue to believe the position is more likely than not of being sustained. If adversely determined
The Company&#8217;s financial instruments that are exposed to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash equivalents
December&#160;28
 2014
 and approximately 
December&#160;28
 2014
&#32;and negotiations are ongoing. We have not experienced any labor-related work stoppage at any location in over nine years. We believe our relationship with our employees and union leadership is satisfactory. At any given time
 we will likely be in some stage of contract negotiations with various collective bargaining units. The Company is currently in negotiations at one location
 and there is no assurance that agreement will be reached. In the absence of an agreement
 we may become subject to labor disruption at this location
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2013
&#32;reportable business segment
 as a producer and seller of chicken products we either produce or purchase for resale in the U.S.
 Puerto Rico and Mexico. We conduct separate operations in the U.S.
 Puerto Rico and Mexico; however
 for geographic reporting purposes
7
067
6
816
6
600
1
075
1
108
988
246
301
262
80
51
111
49
38
62
44
73
79
18
19
13
1
2
3
8
583
8
411
8
121
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
1
085
1
066
96
84
1
182
1
151
For this disclosure
 we exclude financial instruments
 deferred tax assets and intangible assets in accordance with ASC 280-10-50-41
. Long-lived assets
 as used in ASC 280-10-50-41
The following table sets forth
 for the periods beginning with 
1
787
2
046
2
239
4
703
4
123
3
583
620
715
817
7
111
6
885
6
640
900
864
758
8
011
7
750
7
398
535
614
608
35
46
113
571
660
722
8
583
8
411
8
121
(In thousands
2
018
2
186
2
268
2
110
8
583
215
349
450
379
1
393
98
190
255
167
711
(In thousands
2
036
2
184
2
142
2
047
8
411
118
282
236
207
845
54
190
160
143
549
555
(In thousands
1
888
1
974
2
068
2
189
8
121
110
144
106
75
435
39
69
42
22
174
234
4
2
2
3
1
1
4
5
(1
3
7
220
219
7
10
159
162
7
8
147
145
10
10
(1
9
188
(164
(13
10
230
(50
8
188
(a) Uncollectible accounts written off
(b) Deductions either written off
As of December 28
 2014
 an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company&#8217;s management
 including the Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company&#8217;s &#8220;disclosure controls and procedures&#8221; (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;)). Based on that evaluation
 the Company&#8217;s management
 including the Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
However
 giving full consideration to the material weakness described below
 the Company&#8217;s management has concluded that the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this annual report present fairly
 in all material respects
 the Company&#8217;s financial position
 results of operations and cash flows for the periods disclosed in conformity with U.S. GAAP.  KPMG LLP has issued its report dated February 11
 2015
Other than the identification of the material weakness described above
 there was no change in the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company&#8217;s quarter ended December 28
 2014
 and that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
On May 14
 2013
 the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) published Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) (the &#8220;2013 Framework&#8221;) and related illustrative documents as an update to Internal Control-Integrated Framework (1992) (the &#8220;1992 Framework&#8221;). While the 2013 Framework&#8217;s internal control components (i.e.
 control environment
 risk assessment
 control activities
 information and communication
 and monitoring activities) are the same as those in the 1992 Framework
 the 2013 Framework
 among other matters
 requires companies to assess whether 17 principles are present and functioning in determining whether their system of internal control is effective. The Company expects to adopt the 2013 Framework during the fiscal year ending December 27
Pilgrim's Pride Corporation's (&#8220;PPC&#8221;) management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
Under the supervision and with the participation of management
 including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer
 PPC's management assessed the design and operating effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 28
 2014 based on the framework set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (1992) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.  Based on this assessment
 management concluded that PPC&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 28
 2014 because of the material weakness described below. KPMG LLP
 an independent registered public accounting firm
 has issued an adverse report on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 28
A material weakness is a deficiency
 or a combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement in our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Management has identified a material weakness in the design and operating effectiveness of general information technology controls. Specifically
 the Company's process lacks sufficient internal controls intended to ensure (i) that access to applications and data
 and the ability to make program changes
Management does not believe any unauthorized entries were made despite the potential access to those applications and data by certain of our IT personnel. In response to the material weakness described above
 the Company has developed a remediation plan
 with oversight from the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. As part of the remediation process
 the Company will enhance its processes for authorizing access to systems and monitoring activities of individuals who are granted access to ensure that all information technology controls designed to restrict access to applications and data
 and the ability to make program changes
We have audited Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Corporation&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting as of December 28
 2014
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Corporation&#8217;s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 included in the accompanying 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
A material weakness is a deficiency
 or a combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company&#8217;s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. A material weakness related to the design and operating effectiveness of general information technology controls over access to applications and data and the ability to make program changes has been identified and included in management's assessment. We also have audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the consolidated balance sheets of Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Corporation and the related consolidated statements of income
 comprehensive income
 stockholders&#8217; equity
 and cash flows for the fifty-two weeks ended December 28
 2014 and December 29
 2013 and the fifty-three weeks ended December 30
 2012.  This material weakness was considered in determining the nature
 timing
 and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2014 consolidated financial statements
 and this report does not affect our report dated February 11
 2015
In our opinion
 because of the effect of the aforementioned material weakness on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria
 Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Corporation has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 28
 2014
Denver
February 11
As previously announced
 the Company filed voluntary Chapter 11 petitions on December 1
 2008 and emerged from bankruptcy on December 28
 2009. The Chapter 11 cases were being jointly administered under case number 08-45664. The Company has and intends to continue to post important information about the restructuring
 including quarterly operating reports and other financial information required by the Bankruptcy Court
Certain information regarding our executive officers has been presented under &#8220;Executive Officers&#8221; included in &#8220;Item 1. Business
Reference is made to the sections entitled &#8220;Election of JBS Directors&#8221; and &#8220;Election of Equity Directors and the Founder Director&#8221; of the Company&#8217;s Proxy Statement for its 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
Reference is made to the section entitled &#8220;Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance&#8221; of the Company&#8217;s Proxy Statement for its 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
 which applies to all employees
 including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer. The full text of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is published on our website
 at www.pilgrims.com
 under the &#8220;Investors-Corporate Governance&#8221; caption. We intend to disclose future amendments to
 or waivers from
See &#8220;Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
See &#8220;Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
The following table provides certain information about our common stock that may be issued under the Long Term Incentive Plan (the &#8220;LTIP&#8221;)
 as of December 28
 2014. For additional information concerning terms of the LTIP
Number of Securities to Be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options
Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Option
6
585
6
585
See &#8220;Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
Additional information responsive to Items 10
 11
 12 and 13 is incorporated by reference from the sections entitled &#8220;Security Ownership
&#8221; &#8220;Board of Directors Independence
&#8221; &#8220;Committees of the Board of Directors
&#8221; &#8220;Election of JBS Directors
&#8221; &#8220;Election of Equity Directors and the Founder Director
&#8221; &#8220;Report of the Compensation Committee
&#8221; &#8220;Compensation Discussion and Analysis
&#8221; &#8220;Executive Compensation
Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated September&#160;15
 1986
 by and among Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Corporation
 a Texas corporation; Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Corporation
 a Delaware corporation; and Doris Pilgrim Julian
 Aubrey Hal Pilgrim
 Paulette Pilgrim Rolston
 Evanne Pilgrim
 Lonnie &#8220;Bo&#8221; Pilgrim
 Lonnie Ken Pilgrim
 Greta Pilgrim Owens and Patrick Wayne Pilgrim (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 33-8805) effective November&#160;14
Agreement and Plan of Merger dated September 27
 2000 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2 of WLR Foods
 Inc.&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K (No.&#160;000-17060) dated September 28
Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of December 3
 2006
 by and among the Company
 Protein Acquisition Corporation
 a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company
 and Gold Kist Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.(D)(1) to Amendment No. 11 to the Company&#8217;s Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO filed on December 5
Stock Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and JBS USA Holdings
 Inc.
 dated September 16
 2009 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 18
Amendment No.1 to the Stock Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and JBS USA Holdings
 Inc.
 dated December 28
 2009 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.5 of the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed January 22
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 of the Company&#8217;s Form 8-A filed on December 27
Amended and Restated Corporate Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.2 of the Company&#8217;s Form 8-A filed on December 27
Stockholders Agreement dated December 28
 2009 between the Company and JBS USA Holdings
 Inc.
 as amended (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-A filed on December 27
Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 29
Indenture dated as of December 14
 2010 among the Company
 Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Corporation of West Virginia
 Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon
 as Trustee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 of the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on December 15
Form of Senior 7.875% Note due 2018 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.3 of the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on December 15
Form of Guarantee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.4 of the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on December 15
2005 Deferred Compensation Plan of the Company (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 27
Change to Company Contribution Amount Under the Amended and Restated 2005 Deferred Compensation Plan of the Company (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed July 30
Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Corporation Short-Term Management Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 30
Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Corporation Long Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December&#160;30
Employment Agreement dated January&#160;14
 2011 between the Company and William Lovette (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January&#160;18
Restricted Share Agreement dated January 14
 2011 between the Company and William Lovette (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 18
Subordinated Loan Agreement dated as of June 23
 2011
 between the Company and JBS USA Holdings
 Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 24
Amended and Restated MXN$557
415
000 Credit Agreement dated as of October 19
 2011
 by and among Av&#237;cola Pilgrim's Pride de M&#233;xico
 S.A. de C.V. (&#8220;Avicola&#8221;)
 Pilgrim's Pride
 S. de R.L. de C.V. (&#8220;PPS&#8221;
 together with Avicola
 the &#8220;Borrowers&#8221;)
 certain subsidiaries of the Borrowers (the &#8220;Subsidiary Guarantors&#8221;)
 ING Bank (M&#233;xico)
 S.A. Instituci&#243;n de Banca M&#250;ltiple
 ING Grupo Financiero
 as lender and ING Capital LLC
 as administrative agent and lead arranger (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 25
Amendment No. 1 to the Subordinated Loan Agreement dated as of October 26
 2011
 between the Company and JBS USA Holdings
 Inc.(incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 27
Amendment No. 2 to the Subordinated Loan Agreement dated as of December 16
 2011
 between the Company and JBS USA Holdings
 Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on December 20
First Amendment to Amended and Restated MXN$557
415
000 Credit Agreement dated as of December 13
 2011
 by and among the Borrowers
 the Subsidiary Guarantors
 the several banks and other financial institutions party thereto and ING Capital LLC
 as administrative agent and lead arranger (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on December 20
Waiver and Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated as of June 28
 2012
 by and among Avicola Pilgrim's Pride de Mexico
 S.A. de C.V.
 Pilgrim's Pride
 S. de R.L. de C.V.
 their subsidiaries
 as guarantors
 ING Capital LLC
 as administrative agent
 and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 26
Pilgrim's Pride Corporation 2012 Long Term Incentive Program (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 10
Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 10
Third Amendment to Amended and Restated MXN$557
415
000 Credit Agreement dated as of June 25
 2013
 by and among Av&#237;cola Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride de M&#233;xico
 S.A. de C.V. and Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride
 S. de R.L. de C.V.
 as borrowers
 the subsidiaries of the borrowers party thereto
 the banks and other financial institutions party thereto and ING Capital LLC
 as administrative agent and lead arranger (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 1
Amendment and Restatement to Credit Agreement dated August 7
 2013 among Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Corporation
 To-Ricos Distribution
 Ltd.
 CoBank
 ABC
 as administrative agent
 and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 12
Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement dated May 21
 2014 among Pilgrim's Pride Corporation
 To-Ricos
 Ltd.
 To-Ricos Distribution
 Ltd.
 the various subsidiaries of Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Corporation party thereto
 CoBank
 ACB
 as administrative agent
Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement dated December 16
 2014 among Pilgrim's Pride Corporation
 To-Ricos
 Ltd.
 To-Ricos Distribution
 Ltd.
 the various subsidiaries of Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Corporation party thereto
 CoBank
 ACB
 as administrative agent
 and the lenders party thereto. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 19
Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement dated January 14
 2015 among Pilgrim's Pride Corporation
 To-Ricos
 Ltd.
 To-Ricos Distribution
 Ltd.
 the various subsidiaries of Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Corporation party thereto
 CoBank
 ACB
 as administrative agent
 and the lenders party thereto. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 15
Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated February 11
 2015 among Pilgrim's Pride Corporation
 To-Ricos
 Ltd. and To-Ricos Distribution
 Ltd.
 Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 Rabobank Nederland
 New York Branch
 as administrative agent
 and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 11
Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges for the years ended December 29
 2013
 December 30
 2012
 December 25
 2011
 December 26
 2010
 and September 26
 2009 and the transition period from September 27
 2009 to December 27
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized
 on February 11
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
February 11
February 11
February 11
February 11
February 11
February 11
February 11
February 11
February 11
February 11
Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated September&#160;15
 1986
 by and among Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Corporation
 a Texas corporation; Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Corporation
 a Delaware corporation; and Doris Pilgrim Julian
 Aubrey Hal Pilgrim
 Paulette Pilgrim Rolston
 Evanne Pilgrim
 Lonnie &#8220;Bo&#8221; Pilgrim
 Lonnie Ken Pilgrim
 Greta Pilgrim Owens and Patrick Wayne Pilgrim (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 33-8805) effective November&#160;14
Agreement and Plan of Merger dated September 27
 2000 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2 of WLR Foods
 Inc.&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K (No.&#160;000-17060) dated September 28
Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of December 3
 2006
 by and among the Company
 Protein Acquisition Corporation
 a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company
 and Gold Kist Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.(D)(1) to Amendment No. 11 to the Company&#8217;s Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO filed on December 5
Stock Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and JBS USA Holdings
 Inc.
 dated September 16
 2009 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 18
Amendment No.1 to the Stock Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and JBS USA Holdings
 Inc.
 dated December 28
 2009 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.5 of the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed January 22
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 of the Company&#8217;s Form 8-A filed on December 27
Amended and Restated Corporate Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.2 of the Company&#8217;s Form 8-A filed on December 27
Stockholders Agreement dated December 28
 2009 between the Company and JBS USA Holdings
 Inc.
 as amended (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-A filed on December 27
Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 29
Indenture dated as of December 14
 2010 among the Company
 Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Corporation of West Virginia
 Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon
 as Trustee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 of the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on December 15
Form of Senior 7.875% Note due 2018 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.3 of the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on December 15
Form of Guarantee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.4 of the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on December 15
2005 Deferred Compensation Plan of the Company (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 27
Change to Company Contribution Amount Under the Amended and Restated 2005 Deferred Compensation Plan of the Company (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed July 30
Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Corporation Short-Term Management Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 30
Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Corporation Long Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December&#160;30
Employment Agreement dated January&#160;14
 2011 between the Company and William Lovette (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January&#160;18
Restricted Share Agreement dated January 14
 2011 between the Company and William Lovette (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 18
Subordinated Loan Agreement dated as of June 23
 2011
 between the Company and JBS USA Holdings
 Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 24
Amended and Restated MXN$557
415
000 Credit Agreement dated as of October 19
 2011
 by and among Av&#237;cola Pilgrim's Pride de M&#233;xico
 S.A. de C.V. (&#8220;Avicola&#8221;)
 Pilgrim's Pride
 S. de R.L. de C.V. (&#8220;PPS&#8221;
 together with Avicola
 the &#8220;Borrowers&#8221;)
 certain subsidiaries of the Borrowers (the &#8220;Subsidiary Guarantors&#8221;)
 ING Bank (M&#233;xico)
 S.A. Instituci&#243;n de Banca M&#250;ltiple
 ING Grupo Financiero
 as lender and ING Capital LLC
 as administrative agent and lead arranger (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 25
Amendment No. 1 to the Subordinated Loan Agreement dated as of October 26
 2011
 between the Company and JBS USA Holdings
 Inc.(incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 27
Amendment No. 2 to the Subordinated Loan Agreement dated as of December 16
 2011
 between the Company and JBS USA Holdings
 Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on December 20
First Amendment to Amended and Restated MXN$557
415
000 Credit Agreement dated as of December 13
 2011
 by and among the Borrowers
 the Subsidiary Guarantors
 the several banks and other financial institutions party thereto and ING Capital LLC
 as administrative agent and lead arranger (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on December 20
Waiver and Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated as of June 28
 2012
 by and among Avicola Pilgrim's Pride de Mexico
 S.A. de C.V.
 Pilgrim's Pride
 S. de R.L. de C.V.
 their subsidiaries
 as guarantors
 ING Capital LLC
 as administrative agent
 and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 26
Pilgrim's Pride Corporation 2012 Long Term Incentive Program (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 10
Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 10
Third Amendment to Amended and Restated MXN$557
415
000 Credit Agreement dated as of June 25
 2013
 by and among Av&#237;cola Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride de M&#233;xico
 S.A. de C.V. and Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride
 S. de R.L. de C.V.
 as borrowers
 the subsidiaries of the borrowers party thereto
 the banks and other financial institutions party thereto and ING Capital LLC
 as administrative agent and lead arranger (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 1
Amendment and Restatement to Credit Agreement dated August 7
 2013 among Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Corporation
 To-Ricos Distribution
 Ltd.
 CoBank
 ABC
 as administrative agent
 and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 12
Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement dated December 16
 2014 among Pilgrim's Pride Corporation
 To-Ricos
 Ltd.
 To-Ricos Distribution
 Ltd.
 the various subsidiaries of Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Corporation party thereto
 CoBank
 ACB
 as administrative agent
Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement dated December 16
 2014 among Pilgrim's Pride Corporation
 To-Ricos
 Ltd.
 To-Ricos Distribution
 Ltd.
 the various subsidiaries of Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Corporation party thereto
 CoBank
 ACB
 as administrative agent
 and the lenders party thereto. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 19
Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement dated January 14
 2015 among Pilgrim's Pride Corporation
 To-Ricos
 Ltd.
 To-Ricos Distribution
 Ltd.
 the various subsidiaries of Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Corporation party thereto
 CoBank
 ACB
 as administrative agent
 and the lenders party thereto. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 15
Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated February 11
 2015 among Pilgrim's Pride Corporation
 To-Ricos
 Ltd. and To-Ricos Distribution
 Ltd.
 Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 Rabobank Nederland
 New York Branch
 as administrative agent
 and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 11
Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges for the years ended December 28
 2014
 December 29
 2013
 December 30
 2012
 December 25
 2011 and December 26
 2010 .*














		



 dated as of May 21
&#8221;)
 among 
&#8221;)
TO-RICOS
 LTD.
 a Bermuda company
TO-RICOS DISTRIBUTION
 LTD.
 a Bermuda company (collectively
&#8221;)
) of the Company parties hereto
 the various financial institutions parties hereto (collectively
&#8221;)
COBANK
 ACB
 as administrative agent (in such capacity
 the &#8220;
the Borrowers
 the Lenders and the Administrative Agent are parties to the Credit Agreement
 dated as of August 7
&#8221;)
 and the other Loan Documents;
 the Borrowers have requested that
 as of the Effective Date
 the Existing Credit Agreement be amended as herein provided; and
 the Lenders are willing
 subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth
NOW
 THEREFORE
 in consideration of the agreements herein contained
.  Unless otherwise defined or the context otherwise requires
Effective on (and subject to the occurrence of) the Effective Date
 clauses (b)
 (c)
 (e) and (f) of the definition &#8220;Permitted Investments&#8221; as set forth in the Existing Credit Agreement are
 respectively
investments in commercial paper maturing within 270 days from the date of acquisition thereof and having
 at such date of acquisition
investments in certificates of deposit
 banker&#8217;s acceptances and time deposits maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof issued or guaranteed by or placed with
 and money market deposit accounts issued or offered by
 any domestic office of any commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States or any State thereof which has a combined capital and surplus and undivided profits of not less than $500
000
000 and which has
 at the time of acquisition of the applicable certificate of deposit
 banker&#8217;s acceptance or time deposit
 (i) in the case of such investments maturing within 180 days from the date of acquisition thereof
 short-term debt ratings of A-3 or better by S&amp;P or P-3 or better by Moody&#8217;s
 and (ii) in the case of such investments maturing later than 180 days (but in any event within one year) from the date of acquisition thereof
direct obligations issued by any State of the United States or any political subdivision of such state or public instrumentality thereof maturing within one year and having
 at the time of acquisition
money market funds that (i) comply with the criteria set forth in SEC Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940
 (ii) are rated BBB- or better by S&amp;P or Baa3 or better by Moody&#8217;s and (iii) have portfolio assets of at least $5
000
000
000; and&#8221;
 each Borrower hereby (a) represents and warrants that (i) each of the representations and warranties of the Loan Parties contained in the Existing Credit Agreement and in the other Loan Documents is true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof
&#32;shall constitute an immediate Event of Default.  Without limiting the foregoing
 each Borrower hereby (x) ratifies and confirms all of the terms
 covenants and conditions set forth in the Loan Documents and hereby agrees that it remains unconditionally liable to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in accordance with the respective terms
 covenants and conditions set forth in the Loan Documents
 and all the Collateral thereto in favor of the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Lender Parties) continues unimpaired and in full force and effect
 and (y) waives all defenses
 claims
 counterclaims
By executing this Agreement
 each Subsidiary of the Company that is a party hereto hereby confirms and agrees that each Loan Document to which it is a party is
 and shall continue to be
 in full force and effect and is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects
 except that on and after the Effective Date each reference therein to the Credit Agreement shall refer to the Existing Credit Agreement after giving effect to this Agreement.  Without limiting the foregoing
 each such Subsidiary waives all defenses
 claims
 counterclaims
. The Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts of this Agreement duly executed and delivered on behalf of the Borrowers
.  If the Effective Date has not occurred on or prior to 10:00 a.m. (New York
New York time) on May 30
 2014
.  References in this Agreement to any Article or Section are
 unless otherwise specified
.  This Agreement is a Loan Document executed pursuant to the Amended Credit Agreement.  Except as expressly amended hereby
 all of the representations
 warranties
 terms
&#32;shall be limited precisely as provided for herein and shall not be deemed to be a waiver of
 amendment of
.  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts)
 each of which shall constitute an original
.  The Borrowers shall execute and deliver
 and shall cause each other Loan Party to execute and deliver
 from time to time in favor of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders
 such documents
 agreements
.  The Borrowers agree to pay all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent
 including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees
 charges and disbursements of legal counsel for the Administrative Agent
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES
 TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY REQUIREMENTS OF LAW
 ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT
 ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT
 TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY).  EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE
 AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED
 EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE
 THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT
 IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION
 SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY
 AMONG OTHER THINGS
.  This Agreement constitutes the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings
 oral or written
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
TO-RICOS
TO-RICOS DISTRIBUTION
PILGRIM&#8217;S PRIDE CORPORATION OF WEST VIRGINIA
COBANK
 ACB
COBANK
 ACB
BOERENLEENBANK B.A.
INTERNATIONAL&#8221;
ING CAPITAL LLC
BARCLAYS BANK PLC
BANK OF AMERICA
 N.A.
THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA
SOCI&#201;T&#201; G&#201;NERALE
U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
WELLS FARGO BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK
 N.A.
PIONEER FARM CREDIT
 ACA)
FIFTH THIRD BANK
MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING
 INC.
BRANCH BANKING AND TRUST COMPANY
FARM CREDIT BANK OF TEXAS
Director
 Capital Markets














		


1
102
573
153
(487
66
91
88
113
126
132
(4
(1
(3
(1
1
189
662
264
(364
198
86
87
106
114
118
5
1
6
11
14
91
88
113
126
132
905














		


Pilgrim's Pride
POPPSA 3
POPPSA 4
Merit Provisions
PPC of Alabama
Pilgrim's Pride of Nevada
PPC Marketing
Pilgrim's Pride Corporation of West Virginia
To-Ricos Distribution
To-Ricos
Av&#237;cola Pilgrim's Pride de Mexico
Grupo Pilgrim's Pride Funding Holdings
Grupo Pilgrim's Pride Funding
Inmobiliaria Avicola Pilgrim's Pride
 S. de R.L.














		


We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-74984; 333-111929; 333-163639; 333-179563; 333-182586 and 333-186934) on Form S-8 of Pilgrim's Pride Corporation of our reports dated February 11
 2015
 with respect to the consolidated balance sheets of Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Corporation as of December 28
 2014 and December 29
 2013
 and the related consolidated statements of income
 comprehensive income
 stockholders&#8217; equity
 and cash flows for the fifty-two weeks ended December 28
 2014 and December 29
 2013 and the fifty-three weeks ended December 30
 2012
 and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 28
 2014
 which reports appear in the December 28
Our report dated February 11
 2015
 on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 28
 2014
 expresses our opinion that Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Corporation did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 28
Denver
February 11
 2015














		


PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
I
 William W. Lovette
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 28
 2014
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
Date: February&#160;11
 2015














		


PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
I
 Fabio Sandri
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 28
 2014
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
Date: February&#160;11
 2015














		


Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350
 chapter 63 of title 18
 United States Code)
 the undersigned officer of Pilgrim's Pride Corporation (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 does hereby certify
 to such officer's knowledge
The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 28
 2014 (the &#8220;Form 10-K&#8221;) of the Company fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 and information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents
 in all material respects
Date: February&#160;11
 2015














		


Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350
 chapter 63 of title 18
 United States Code)
 the undersigned officer of Pilgrim's Pride Corporation (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 does hereby certify
 to such officer's knowledge
The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 28
 2014 (the &#8220;Form 10-K&#8221;) of the Company fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 and information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents
 in all material respects
Date: February&#160;11
 2015



















			


			
			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			


			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			


			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			


			




			


			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			



		


		


		


		


		


		


		




				


				




		




				


				




		


		

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Special Cash Dividend&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;576
143&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
196
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;267
786&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4
357&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(c)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trade accounts and other receivables
 less &lt;br clear=none/&gt;     allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;378
890&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;378
890&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;790
305&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;790
305&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;139
741&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;139
741&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
885
079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(308
357&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
576
722&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
182
795&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
182
795&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;51
189&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
357&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(c)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;55
546&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
119
063&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(304
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
815
063&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;744
858&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;744
858&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Long-term debt
 less current maturities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
980&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
196
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
199
980&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;76
216&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;76
216&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other long-term liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;97
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;97
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total stockholders&amp;#8217; equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
196
801&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;696
801&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total liabilities and stockholders' equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
119
063&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(304
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
815


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Carrying&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fair&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Carrying&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fair&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Note Reference&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Short-term investments in available-for-sale securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;96
902&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;96
902&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative assets - commodity futures instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
494&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
494&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative assets - commodity options instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
395&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
395&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative assets - foreign currency futures instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
563&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
563&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred compensation plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
753&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
753&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative liabilities - commodity futures instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(8
580&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(8
580&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
728&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
728&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative liabilities - commodity options instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(14
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(14
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Long-term debt and other borrowing arrangements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4
242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4
566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(912
233&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(977

	

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:99.609375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=32 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=29% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013(a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(c)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(c)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=31 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;275&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;275&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pooled separate accounts:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Large U.S. equity funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(d)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;4
147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;4
147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;4
828&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;4
828&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Small/Mid U.S. equity funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(e)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
062&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
062&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International equity funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(f)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
719&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
719&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2
019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2
019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fixed income funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(g)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;6
609&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;6
609&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;3
442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;3
442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Common collective trusts funds:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Large U.S. equity funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(d)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;29
964&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;29
964&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;28
784&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;28
784&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Small U.S. equity funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(e)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;18
411&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;18
411&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;16
937&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;16
937&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International equity funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(f)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;19
730&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;19
730&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;19
420&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;19
420&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fixed income funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(g)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;31
877&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;31
877&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;31
599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;31
599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;113
519&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;113
552&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;275&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;108
221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;108

 such as discounted cash flow models or valuations
 are used to determine fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;(d)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;This category is comprised of investment options that invest in stocks
 or shares of ownership
 in large
 well-established U.S. companies. These investment options typically carry more risk than fixed income options but have the potential for higher returns over longer time periods.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;(e)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;This category is generally comprised of investment options that invest in stocks
 or shares of ownership
 in small to medium-sized U.S. companies. These investment options typically carry more risk than larger U.S. equity investment options but have the potential for higher returns.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;(f)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;This category is comprised of investment options that invest in stocks
 or shares of ownership
 in companies with their principal place of business or office outside of the U.S.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;(g)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;This category is comprised of investment options that invest in bonds
 or debt of a company or government entity (including U.S. and non-U.S. entities). It may also include real estate investment options that directly own property. These investment options typically carry more risk than short-term fixed income investment options (including
 for real estate investment options
 liquidity risk)


000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;January&amp;#160;14
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Service&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;January&amp;#160;3
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;RSA&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;LTIP&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;72
675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;August&amp;#160;27
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Service&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;27
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;RSU&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;LTIP&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;608
561&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;February&amp;#160;4
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Service&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;9.66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;RSA&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;LTIP&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;15
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;February&amp;#160;25
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Service&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;February&amp;#160;24
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;RSA&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;LTIP&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;15
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;February&amp;#160;25
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Service&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;February&amp;#160;24
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;RSU&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;LTIP&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;206
933&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;February&amp;#160;26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Service&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;RSU&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;LTIP&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;462
518&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;February&amp;#160;19
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Service&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31


 beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;16
957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;53
368&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;31
108&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(217&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(1
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(465&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Curtailment&amp;#160;and&amp;#160;settlement adjustments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(93&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actuarial loss (gain)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;24
670&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(24
315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;24
872&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;159&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Asset loss (gain)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;2
429&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(11
095&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(2
147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net actuarial loss (gain)
 end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;43
907&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;16
957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;53


 other than income taxes and current maturities of long-term debt
 consisted of the following components:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:99.609375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=73% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Accounts payable:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trade accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;347
107&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;313
266&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Book overdrafts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;47
320&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;55
378&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other payables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
059&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
716&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;399
486&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;370
360&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accounts payable to related parties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
862&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
934&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Accrued expenses and other current liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Compensation and benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;123
495&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100
965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest and debt-related fees&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;780&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
558&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Insurance and self-insured claims&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;85
240&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;99
244&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Futures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
580&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
729&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;79
681&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;73
859&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;311
879&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;283
355&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;716
227&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;657




 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fair&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fair&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Cash equivalents:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fixed income securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;204
286&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;204
286&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;103
121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;103
121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Current investments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fixed income securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;96
902&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;96



	

 we have not recorded a liability for any of these indemnities as based upon the likelihood of payment
 the fair value of such indemnities would not have a material impact on our financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Purchase Obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company will sometimes enter into noncancelable contracts to purchase capital equipment and certain commodities such as corn
 soybean meal
 and electricity. At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the Company was party to outstanding purchase contracts totaling &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$53.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$4.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; payable in 2015
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Operating Leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Consolidated Statements of Operations include rental expense for operating leases of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$15.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$9.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$14.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. The Company&amp;#8217;s future minimum lease commitments under noncancelable operating leases are as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:99.609375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=80% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=17% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=padding-top:4px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=padding-top:4px;text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16
893&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14
019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11
213&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
197&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
114&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;59
311&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Certain of the Company&amp;#8217;s operating leases include rent escalations. The Company includes the rent escalation in its minimum lease payments obligations and recognizes them as a component of rental expense on a straight-line basis over the minimum lease term.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company also maintains operating leases for various types of equipment
 some of which contain residual value guarantees for the market value of assets at the end of the term of the lease. The terms of the lease maturities range from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;one&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;ten&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years. The maximum potential amount of the residual value guarantees is estimated to be approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$29.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;; however
 the actual amount would be offset by any recoverable amount based on the fair market value of the underlying leased assets. No liability has been recorded related to this contingency as the likelihood of payments under these guarantees is not considered to be probable and the fair value of such guarantees is immaterial. The Company historically has not experienced significant payments under similar residual guarantees.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Financial Instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pursuant to the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreement
 we have agreed to reimburse JBS USA up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$56.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for draws upon any letters of credit issued for JBS USA's account that support certain obligations of the Company and its subsidiaries.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s loan agreements generally obligate the Company to reimburse the applicable lender for incremental increased costs due to a change in law that imposes (i) any reserve or special deposit requirement against assets of
 deposits with or credit extended by such lender related to the loan
 (ii) any tax
 duty or other charge with respect to the loan (except standard income tax) or (iii) capital adequacy requirements. In addition
 some of the Company&amp;#8217;s loan agreements contain a withholding tax provision that requires the Company to pay additional amounts to the applicable lender or other financing party
 generally if withholding taxes are imposed on such lender or other financing party as a result of a change in the applicable tax law. These increased cost and withholding tax provisions continue for the entire term of the applicable transaction
 and there is no limitation on the maximum additional amounts the Company could be obligated to pay under such provisions. Any failure to pay amounts due under such provisions generally would trigger an event of default
 and
 in a secured financing transaction
 would entitle the lender to foreclose upon the collateral to realize the amount due.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Litigation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We are a party to many routine contracts in which we provide general indemnities in the normal course of business to third parties for various risks. Among other considerations
 we have not recorded a liability for any of these indemnities as based upon the likelihood of payment
 the fair value of such indemnities would not have a material impact on our financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims which arise in the ordinary course of business. In the Company&amp;#8217;s opinion
 it has made appropriate and adequate accruals for claims where necessary; however
 the ultimate liability for these matters is uncertain
 and if significantly different than the amounts accrued
 the ultimate outcome could have a material effect on the financial condition or results of operations of the Company. For a discussion of the material legal proceedings and claims
 see Part II
 Item 1. &amp;#8220;Legal Proceedings.&amp;#8221; Below is a summary of some of these material proceedings and claims. The Company believes it has substantial defenses to the claims made and intends to vigorously defend these cases.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On December 1
 2008
 Pilgrim&amp;#8217;s and six of its subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in the Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of Texas
 Fort Worth Division (&amp;#8220;Bankruptcy Court&amp;#8221;). The cases were jointly administered under Case No. 08-45664. The Company emerged from Chapter 11 on December 28
 2009. The Company is the named defendant in several pre-petition lawsuits that
 as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 have not been resolved. Among the claims presently pending are claims brought against certain current and former directors
 executive officers and employees of the Company
 the Pilgrim&amp;#8217;s Pride Administrative Committee and the Pilgrim&amp;#8217;s Pride Pension Committee seeking unspecified damages under section 502 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (&amp;#8220;ERISA&amp;#8221;)
 29 U.S.C. &amp;#167; 1132. These claims were brought by individual participants in the Pilgrim&amp;#8217;s Pride Retirement Savings Plan
 individually and on behalf of a putative class
 alleging that the defendants breached fiduciary duties to plan participants and beneficiaries or otherwise violated ERISA. Although the Company is not a named defendant in these claims
 our bylaws require us to indemnify our current and former directors and officers from any liabilities and expenses incurred by them in connection with actions they took in good faith while serving as an officer or director. In these actions the plaintiffs assert claims in excess of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$35.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The likelihood of an unfavorable outcome or the amount or range of any possible loss to the Company cannot be determined at this time.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other claims presently pending against the Company are claims seeking unspecified damages brought by current or former contract chicken growers who allege
 along with other assertions
 that the Company breached grower contracts and made false representations to induce the plaintiffs into building chicken farms and entering into chicken growing agreements with the Company. In the case styled Shelia Adams
 et al. v. Pilgrim&amp;#8217;s Pride Corporation
 on September 30
 2011
 the trial court issued its findings of fact and conclusions of law stating that the Company violated section 192(e) of the Packers and Stockyards Act of 1921 by purportedly attempting to manipulate the price of chicken by idling the El Dorado
 Arkansas complex and rejecting the El Dorado growers&amp;#8217; contracts. The trial court awarded damages in the amount of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$25.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Afterward
 the Company filed post-judgment motions attacking the trial court&amp;#8217;s findings of fact and conclusions of law
 which
 on December 28
 2011
 were granted in part and resulted in a reduction of the damages award from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$25.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$25.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. On January 19
 2012
 the Company appealed the findings of fact and conclusions of law and decision concerning the post-judgment motions to the United States Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals (&amp;#8220;Fifth Circuit&amp;#8221;). Oral argument occurred December 3
 2012. On August 27
 2013
 the Fifth Circuit reversed the judgment
 and entered a judgment in favor of the Company. Plaintiffs thereafter filed a petition for rehearing en banc. Plaintiffs&amp;#8217; petition for rehearing was denied on October 15
 2013. On January 13
 2014
 Plaintiffs filed a Petition for a Writ of Certiorari requesting the Supreme Court of the United States to accept their case for review. Plaintiff&amp;#8217;s petition for a Writ of Certiorari was denied on February 24
 2014. The Fifth Circuit's decision and prior favorable trial court rulings regarding the El Dorado growers' claims suggest that the likelihood of any recovery by growers remaining in the case is too remote to maintain the previously-recorded loss accrual. Therefore
 the Company reversed the accrual on September 1
 2013. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As for the remaining chicken grower claims
 the bench trial relating to the allegations asserted by the plaintiffs from the Farmerville
 Louisiana complex began on July 16
 2012. That bench trial concluded on August 2
 2012
 but the Marshall Court postponed its ruling until the appeals process regarding the allegations asserted by the El Dorado growers was exhausted. The bench trial relating to the claims asserted by the plaintiffs from the Nacogdoches
 Texas complex began on September 12
 2012
 but was also postponed until the appeals process regarding the allegations asserted by the El&amp;#160;Dorado growers was exhausted. The remaining bench trial for the plaintiffs from the De Queen and Batesville
 Arkansas complexes was scheduled for October 29
 2012
 but that trial date was canceled. Following the denial by the Supreme Court of the United States for a Writ of Certiorari related to the claims asserted by the plaintiffs from the El Dorado
 Arkansas complex
 the Marshall Court requested briefing on the allegations asserted by the plaintiffs from the Farmerville
 Louisiana complex and scheduled trial proceedings for allegations asserted by the plaintiffs from the Nacogdoches complex on August 25
 2014 and allegations asserted by the plaintiffs from the De Queen and Batesville
 Arkansas complexes on October 27
 2014.  Prior to commencing the trial proceedings on the allegations asserted by the plaintiffs from the De Queen and Batesville
 Arkansas complexes
 the Marshall Court announced it would enter judgment in PPC&amp;#8217;s favor on all remaining federal causes of action
 and plaintiffs from the De Queen and Batesville complexes were given additional time to brief Arkansas state law claims. The court-imposed deadline passed with no briefs filed by plaintiffs. At this time
 the Marshall Court has not memorialized its decision in writing.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The IRS filed an amended proof of claim in the Bankruptcy Court pursuant to which the IRS asserted claims that total &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$74.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. We entered into two Stipulations with the IRS on December 12
 2012 that accounted for approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$29.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the amended proof of claim and should result in no additional tax due.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In connection with the remaining claim for approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$45.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; included in the amended proof of claim
 we filed a petition in Tax Court on May 26
 2010 in response to a Notice of Deficiency that was issued to the Company as the successor in interest to Gold Kist. The Notice of Deficiency and the Tax Court proceeding relate to a loss that Gold Kist claimed for its tax year ended June&amp;#160;26
 2004. On December 11
 2013
 the Tax Court issued its opinion in the Tax Court case holding the loss that Gold Kist claimed for its tax year ended June 26
 2004 is capital in nature. On January 10
 2014
 PPC filed both a Motion for Reconsideration and a Motion for Full Tax Court review of both its Motion for Reconsideration and any order issued in response to such motion. On March&amp;#160;10
 2014
 the Tax Court denied both the Motion for Reconsideration and the Motion for Full Tax Court review. On April 14
 2014
 the Company appealed the findings of fact and conclusions of law and decision concerning the post-judgment motions to the Fifth Circuit. The Company filed an opening brief with the Fifth Circuit on June 30
 2014. The IRS filed a response brief with the Fifth Circuit on August 15
 2014. The Company then filed their reply brief with the Fifth Circuit on September 2
 2014. Oral argument before the Fifth Circuit occurred during the week beginning January 5
 2015.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Upon the initial filing of the Gold Kist tax return for the year ended June 26
 2004
 the Company assessed the likelihood that the position related to the proceeding would be sustained upon examination and determined that it met the recognition threshold and the full amount of benefit was recognized. We continue to believe the position is more likely than not of being sustained. If adversely determined


 investigations and other claims related to employment
 environmental
 product and other matters. The Company is required to assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes
 as well as potential ranges of probable losses
 to these matters. The Company estimates the amount of reserves required for these contingencies when losses are determined to be probable and after considerable analysis of each individual issue. The Company expenses legal costs related to such loss contingencies as they are incurred. The accrual for environmental remediation liabilities is measured on an undiscounted basis. These reserves may change in the future due to changes in the Company&amp;#8217;s assumptions
 the effectiveness of strategies




 investment securities and trade accounts receivable. The Company&amp;#8217;s cash equivalents and investment securities are high-quality debt and equity securities placed with major banks and financial institutions. The Company&amp;#8217;s trade accounts receivable are generally unsecured. Credit evaluations are performed on all significant customers and updated as circumstances dictate. Concentrations of credit risk with respect to trade accounts receivable are limited due to the large number of customers and their dispersion across geographic areas. With the exception of one customer that accounts for approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10.8%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of trade accounts and other receivables at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.2%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of net sales for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the Company does not believe it has significant concentrations of credit risk in its trade accounts receivable.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;38.1%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the Company&amp;#8217;s employees were covered under collective bargaining agreements. Substantially all employees covered under collective bargaining agreements are covered under agreements that expire in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; or &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; with the exception of one live operations location where the collective bargaining agreement expired in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and negotiations are ongoing. We have not experienced any labor-related work stoppage at any location in over nine years. We believe our relationship with our employees and union leadership is satisfactory. At any given time
 we will likely be in some stage of contract negotiations with various collective bargaining units. The Company is currently in negotiations at one location
 and there is no assurance that agreement will be reached. In the absence of an agreement
 we may become subject to labor disruption at this location
 which could have an adverse effect on our financial results.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The aggregate carrying amount of net assets belonging to our Mexico operations was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$454.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$359.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Senior notes
 at 7 7/8%
 net of unaccreted discount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;497
757&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013 U.S. Credit Facility (defined below) Term B-1 note payable at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;2.4375%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;204
880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013 U.S. Credit Facility (defined below) Term B-2 note payable at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;9.00%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;205
219&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013 U.S. Credit Facility (defined below) revolving note payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mexico Credit Facility (defined below) with notes payable at TIIE Rate   &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;plus 1.05%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Subordinated Loan Agreement (defined below) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Various&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
377&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;912
233&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Less: Current maturities of long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(262&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(410
234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Long-term debt
 less current maturities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
980&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;501
999&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Senior and Subordinated Notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On December 15
 2014
 the Company redeemed all of its outstanding &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$500.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; principal amount of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.875%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; senior notes due 2018 (the &amp;#8220;2018 Notes&amp;#8221;) for a redemption price of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;103.9375%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the principal amount
 plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. As a result
 at December 28
 2014
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; 2018 Notes remained outstanding. Additionally
 we have an aggregate principal balance of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of 7 5/8% senior unsecured notes and 8 3/8% senior subordinated unsecured notes outstanding at December 28
 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;JBS Subordinated Loan Agreement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On June 23
 2011
 the Company entered into a Subordinated Loan Agreement with JBS USA (the &amp;#8220;Subordinated Loan Agreement&amp;#8221;). Pursuant to the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreement
 the Company agreed to reimburse JBS USA up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$56.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for draws upon any letters of credit issued for JBS USA's account that support certain obligations of the Company or its subsidiaries. JBS USA agreed to arrange for letters of credit to be issued on its account in the amount of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$56.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to an insurance company serving the Company in order to allow that insurance company to return cash it held as collateral against potential workers compensation
 auto and general liability claims. In return for providing this letter of credit
 the Company has agreed to reimburse JBS USA for the letter of credit cost the Company would otherwise incur under its U.S. Credit Facility (as defined below). The total amount paid by the Company for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; costs
 to reimburse JBS USA
 was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the Company has accrued an obligation of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to reimburse JBS USA for letter of credit costs incurred on its behalf. There remains no other commitment to make advances by JBS USA under the Subordinated Loan Agreement.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013 U.S. Credit Facility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pilgrim&amp;#8217;s and certain of its subsidiaries entered into a credit agreement (the &amp;#8220;2013 U.S. Credit Facility&amp;#8221;) with CoBank
 ACB
 as administrative agent and collateral agent
 and other lenders party thereto
 which was amended and restated on August 7
 2013.  The 2013 U.S. Credit Facility currently provides for a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$700.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; revolving credit facility and a delayed draw term loan commitment of up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$400.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; (the &amp;#8220;Delayed Draw Term Loans&amp;#8221;). The Company can draw upon the Delayed Draw Term Loan commitment
 in one or more advances
 between May 1
 2014 and December 28
 2014. The 2013 U.S. Credit Facility also includes an accordion feature that allows us
 at any time
 to increase the aggregate revolving loan commitment by up to an additional &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$250.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and to increase the aggregate Delayed Draw Term Loan commitment by up to an additional &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$500.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 in each case subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions
 including obtaining the lenders&amp;#8217; agreement to participate in the increase and an aggregate limit on all commitments under the 2013 U.S. Credit Facility of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.85 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The 2013 U.S. Credit Facility also provides for a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$100.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; sub-limit for swingline loans and a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$200.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; sub-limit for letters of credit. The revolving loan commitment under the 2013 U.S. Credit Facility matures on &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;August&amp;#160;7
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.  Any Delayed Draw Term Loans would be payable in quarterly installments beginning in fiscal year 2015 equal to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.875%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the principal outstanding as of December 28
 2014
 with all remaining principal and interest due at maturity on &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;August&amp;#160;7
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On December&amp;#160;28
 2009
 the Company paid loan costs totaling &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$50.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; related to the 2013 U.S. Credit Facility that it recognized as an asset on its balance sheet. On August 7
 2013
 the Company paid loan costs totaling &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$5.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; related to the amendment and restatement to the 2013 U.S. Credit Facility that is recognized as an asset on its balance sheet. The Company amortizes these capitalized costs to interest expense over the life of the 2013 U.S. Credit Facility.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Subsequent to the end of each fiscal year
 a portion of our cash flow was required to be used to repay outstanding principal amounts under Term B loans executed under the 2013 U.S. Credit Facility. With respect to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the Company paid &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$204.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of its cash flow toward the outstanding principal under the Term B-1 loans on December 30
 2013 and paid approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$205.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of its cash flow toward the outstanding principal under the Term B-2 loans on April 28
 2014. Following the April 28
 2014 payment
 the Company had &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; outstanding principal under the Term B loans.  The 2013 U.S. Credit Facility also requires us to use proceeds we receive from certain asset sales and specified debt or equity issuances and upon the occurrence of other events to repay outstanding borrowings under the U.S. Credit Facility. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actual borrowings by the Company under the revolving credit commitment component of the 2013 U.S. Credit Facility are subject to a borrowing base
 which is a formula based on certain eligible inventory
 eligible receivables and restricted cash under the control of CoBank
 ACB.  As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the applicable borrowing base was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$700.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the amount available for borrowing under the revolving loan commitment was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$679.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The Company had letters of credit of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$20.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; outstanding borrowings under the revolving loan commitment as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The 2013 U.S. Credit Facility contains financial covenants and various other covenants that may adversely affect our ability to
 among other things
 incur additional indebtedness
 incur liens
 pay dividends or make certain restricted payments
 consummate certain assets sales
 enter into certain transactions with JBS USA and our other affiliates
 merge
 consolidate and/or sell or dispose of all or substantially all of our assets.  The 2013 U.S. Credit Facility requires the Company to comply with a minimum level of tangible net worth covenant.  The Company is currently in compliance with this financial covenant.  All other financial covenants were eliminated in connection with the August 7
 2013 amendment and restatement to the 2013 U.S. Credit Facility. The 2013 U.S. Credit Facility also provides that the Company may not incur capital expenditures in excess of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$350.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in any fiscal year.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;All obligations under the 2013 U.S. Credit Facility are unconditionally guaranteed by certain of the Company&amp;#8217;s subsidiaries and are secured by a first priority lien on (i) the accounts receivable and inventories of the Company and its non-Mexico subsidiaries
 (ii) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;65%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the equity interests in the Company&amp;#8217;s direct foreign subsidiaries and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the equity interests in the Company&amp;#8217;s other subsidiaries
 (iii) substantially all of the personal property and intangibles of the borrowers and guarantors under the 2013 U.S. Credit Facility and (iv) substantially all of the real estate and fixed assets of the Company and the guarantor subsidiaries under the 2013 U.S. Credit Facility.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015 U.S. Credit Facility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On February 11
 2015
 the Company and its subsidiaries
 To-Ricos
 Ltd. and To-Ricos Distribution
 Ltd. (together
 the &amp;#8220;To-Ricos Borrowers&amp;#8221;)
 entered into a Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the &amp;#8220;2015 U.S. Credit Facility&amp;#8221;) with Co&amp;#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 Rabobank Nederland
 New York Branch (&amp;#8220;Rabobank&amp;#8221;)
 as administrative agent
 and the other lenders party thereto.  The 2015 U.S. Credit Facility amends and restates the 2013 U.S. Credit Facility.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The 2015 U.S. Credit Facility provides for a revolving loan commitment of at least &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$700 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and a term loan commitment of up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.0 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; (the &amp;#8220;Term Loans&amp;#8221;).  The 2015 U.S. Credit Facility also includes an accordion feature that allows us
 at any time
 to increase the aggregate revolving loan and term loan commitments by up to an additional &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.0 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions
 including obtaining the lenders&amp;#8217; agreement to participate in the increase.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The revolving loan commitment under the 2015 U.S. Credit Facility matures on February 10
 2020.  Beginning on April 2
 2015
 the Term Loans will be payable in quarterly installments equal to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.25%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the principal outstanding as of closing
 with all remaining principal and interest due at maturity on February 10 2020.  Covenants in the 2015 U.S. Credit Facility also require the Company to use the proceeds it receives from certain asset sales and specified debt or equity issuances and upon the occurrence of other events to repay outstanding borrowings under the 2015 U.S. Credit Facility.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The 2015 U.S. Credit Facility includes a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$75 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; sub-limit for swingline loans and a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$125 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; sub-limit for letters of credit.  Outstanding borrowings under the revolving loan commitment and the Term Loans bear interest at a per annum rate equal to (i) in the case of LIBOR loans
 LIBOR plus &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; through March &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#2c2c2c;&gt;29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 2015 and
 based on our net senior secured leverage ratio
 between LIBOR plus &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.25%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and LIBOR plus &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.75%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and (ii) in the case of alternate base rate loans
 the base rate plus &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; through March &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#2c2c2c;&gt;29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 2015 and
 based on our net senior secured leverage ratio
 between the base rate plus &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.25%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and base rate plus &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.75%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; thereafter.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actual borrowings by the Company under the 2015 U.S. Credit Facility are subject to a borrowing base
 which is a formula based on certain eligible inventory
 eligible receivables and restricted cash under the control of Rabobank
 in its capacity as administrative agent.  The borrowing base formula will be reduced by the sum of (i) inventory reserves
 (ii) rent and collateral access reserves
 and (iii) any amount more than &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15 days&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; past due that is owed by the Company or its subsidiaries to any person on account of the purchase price of agricultural products or services (including poultry and livestock) if that person is entitled to any grower's or producer's lien or other security arrangement.  Revolving loan availability under the borrowing base also will be limited to an aggregate of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$25 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; with respect to the To-Ricos Borrowers.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;All obligations under the 2015 U.S. Credit Facility will continue to be unconditionally guaranteed by certain of the Company's subsidiaries and will continue to be secured by a first priority lien on (i) the domestic (including Puerto Rico) accounts and inventory of the Company and its subsidiaries
 (ii) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the equity interests in the To-Ricos Borrowers and the Company's domestic subsidiaries and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;65%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the equity interests in the Company's direct foreign subsidiaries
 (iii) substantially all of the personal property and intangibles of the Company
 the To-Ricos Borrowers and the guarantor subsidiaries and (iv) substantially all of the real estate and fixed assets of the Company and the subsidiary guarantors.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company is also subject to customary covenants under the 2015 U.S. Credit Facility
 including certain reporting requirements.  Proceeds of the borrowings under the 2015 U.S. Credit Facility may be used to finance the general corporate purposes of the borrowers (including capital expenditures
 permitted acquisitions
 refinancing indebtedness and principal and interest payments under the 2015 U.S. Credit Facility) and the payment of a special cash dividend of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.5 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.  In addition
 the 2015 U.S. Credit Facility contains a number of covenants that
 among other things
 limit the Company's and its subsidiaries' ability to:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-left:48px;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;font style=padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;padding-right:48px;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Incur capital expenditures in excess of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$500 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in any fiscal year;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-left:48px;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;font style=padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;padding-right:48px;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Incur additional indebtedness;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-left:48px;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;font style=padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;padding-right:48px;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Create liens on any assets;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-left:48px;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;font style=padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;padding-right:48px;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pay dividends
 redeem shares of capital stock or make certain restricted payments;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-left:48px;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;font style=padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;padding-right:48px;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Consummate certain asset sales;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-left:48px;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;font style=padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;padding-right:48px;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Enter into certain transactions with JBS USA Holdings
 Inc. and the Company's other affiliates; and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-left:48px;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;font style=padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;padding-right:48px;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Merge
 consolidate and/or sell or dispose of all or substantially all of the Company's assets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Mexico Credit Facility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On July 23
 2014
 Av&amp;#237;cola and certain Mexican subsidiaries entered into an unsecured credit agreement (the &amp;#8220;Mexico Credit Facility&amp;#8221;) with BBVA Bancomer
 S.A. Instituci&amp;#243;n de Banca Multiple
 Grupo Financiero BBVA Bancomer
 as lender.  The loan commitment under the Mexico Credit Facility is &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$560.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Mexican pesos. Outstanding borrowings under the Mexico Credit Facility will accrue interest at a rate equal to the TIIE rate plus &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.05%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.  The Mexico Credit Facility will mature on July 23
 2017. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the U.S. dollar-equivalent of the loan commitment under the Mexico Credit Facility was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$38.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. There are currently &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; outstanding borrowings under the Mexico Credit Facility. The Mexico Credit facility replaced our amended and restated credit agreement with ING Bank (M&amp;#233;xico)
 S.A. Instituc&amp;#237;on de Banca M&amp;#250;ltiple
 ING Grupo Financiero
 as lender and ING Capital LLC
 as administrative agent
 which was terminated on July 23
 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Other Disclosures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Substantially all of our domestic inventories and domestic fixed assets are pledged as collateral&amp;#160;to secure the obligations under the U.S. Credit&amp;#160;Facility.&amp;#160; The Mexico Credit Facility is secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company's Mexico subsidiaries.&amp;#160; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Annual maturities of long-term debt for the five years subsequent to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; are as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=87% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;262&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
611&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;102&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total maturities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total interest expense was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$82.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$87.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$104.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. Interest related to new construction capitalized in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$4.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 including corn
 soybean meal
 soybean oil
 sorghum
 natural gas
 electricity and diesel fuel
 which are all considered commodities. The Company considers these raw materials generally available from a number of different sources and believes it can obtain them to meet its requirements. These commodities are subject to price fluctuations and related price risk due to factors beyond our control
 such as economic and political conditions
 supply and demand
 weather
 governmental regulation and other circumstances. Generally
 the Company purchases derivative financial instruments
 specifically exchange-traded futures and options
 in an attempt to mitigate price risk related to its anticipated consumption of commodity inputs for approximately the next 12 months. The Company may purchase longer-term derivative financial instruments on particular commodities if deemed appropriate. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company has operations in Mexico and
 therefore
 has exposure to translational foreign exchange risk when the financial results of those operations are translated to U.S. dollars. Generally
 the Company purchases derivative financial instruments such as foreign currency forward contracts to manage this translational foreign exchange risk.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The fair value of derivative assets is included in the line item &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; on the Consolidated Balance Sheets while the fair value of derivative liabilities is included in the line item &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Accrued expenses and other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; on the same statements. Our counterparties require that we post cash collateral for changes in the net fair value of the derivative contracts.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We have not designated the derivative financial instruments that we have purchased to mitigate commodity purchase or foreign currency transaction exposures as cash flow hedges. Therefore
 we recognize changes in the fair value of these derivative financial instruments immediately in earnings. Gains or losses related to these derivative financial instruments are included in the line item &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company recognized &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$16.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$25.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$8.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in net gains related to changes in the fair value of its derivative financial instruments during &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Information regarding the Company's outstanding derivative instruments and cash collateral posted with (owed to) brokers is included in the following table:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=67% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=14% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=14% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(Fair values in thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fair values:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commodity derivative assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
889&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commodity derivative liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(22
683&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
728&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign currency derivative assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
563&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash collateral posted with brokers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;25
205&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4


 salaried exempt employees of the Company and its affiliates who are selected by the administering committee are eligible to participate in the STIP. The Company has accrued &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$35.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in costs related to the STIP at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; related to cash bonus awards that could potentially be awarded during &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company also sponsors a performance-based
 omnibus long-term incentive plan that provides for the grant of a broad range of long-term equity-based and cash-based awards to the Company&amp;#8217;s officers and other employees
 members of the Board and any consultants (the &amp;#8220;LTIP&amp;#8221;). The equity-based awards that may be granted under the LTIP include &amp;#8220;incentive stock options
&amp;#8221; within the meaning of the IRC
 nonqualified stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock awards (&amp;#8220;RSAs&amp;#8221;) and restricted stock units (&amp;#8220;RSUs&amp;#8221;). At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we have reserved approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of common stock for future issuance under the LTIP.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following awards existed during &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:99.609375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=17 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=19% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=15% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=14% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Award&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Type&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Benefit Plan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Award Quantity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Grant Date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Vesting Condition&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Vesting Date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Estimated &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Forfeiture&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Settlement Method&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;RSA&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Employment Agreement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;January&amp;#160;14
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Service&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;January&amp;#160;3
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;RSA&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;LTIP&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;72
675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;August&amp;#160;27
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Service&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;27
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;RSU&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;LTIP&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;608
561&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;February&amp;#160;4
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Service&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;9.66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;RSA&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;LTIP&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;15
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;February&amp;#160;25
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Service&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;February&amp;#160;24
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;RSA&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;LTIP&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;15
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;February&amp;#160;25
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Service&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;February&amp;#160;24
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;RSU&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;LTIP&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;206
933&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;February&amp;#160;26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Service&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;RSU&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;LTIP&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;462
518&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;February&amp;#160;19
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Service&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;13.49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The fair value of each RSA and RSU granted represents the closing price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock on the respective grant date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Compensation costs and the income tax benefit recognized for our share-based compensation arrangements are included below:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:99.609375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=50% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=14% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=14% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=14% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Share-based compensation cost:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cost of goods sold&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;395&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;361&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Selling
 general and administrative expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
533&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
984&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;684&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
928&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
345&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;684&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income tax benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
326&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;471&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s RSA and RSU activity is included below:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:99.609375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=21 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=29% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Number&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Number&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Number&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=20 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands
 except weighted average fair values)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;RSAs:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Outstanding at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;273&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(173&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Outstanding at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;273&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;RSUs:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Outstanding at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;729&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.81&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;463&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;815&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.89&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Outstanding at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
120&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11.97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;729&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.81&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The total fair value of shares vested in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. No shares vested in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the total unrecognized compensation cost related to all nonvested awards was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$5.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Historically


 representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. Assets and liabilities measured at fair value must be categorized into one of three different levels depending on the assumptions (i.e.
 inputs) used in the valuation:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=92% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Quoted prices in active markets for similar assets and liabilities and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability; or&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Unobservable inputs
 such as discounted cash flow models or valuations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The determination of where assets and liabilities fall within this hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the Company held certain items that were required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis. These included derivative assets and liabilities and deferred compensation plan assets. Derivative assets and liabilities consist of long and short positions on exchange-traded commodity and foreign currency&amp;#160;derivative instruments. The Company maintains nonqualified deferred compensation plans for executives and other highly compensated employees. Investments are maintained within a trust and include money market funds
 mutual funds and life insurance policies. The cash surrender value of the life insurance policies is invested primarily in mutual funds. The following items were measured at fair value on a recurring basis:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=17 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=48% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative assets - commodity futures instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative assets - foreign currency futures instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
563&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
563&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred compensation plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
753&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
753&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative liabilities - commodity futures instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(8
580&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(8
580&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative liabilities - commodity options instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(14
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(14
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Long-term debt and other borrowing arrangements:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Public bonds and notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3
979&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3
979&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Capitalized lease obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(587&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(587&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=17 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=48% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Short-term investments in available-for-sale securities &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;96
902&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;96
902&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative assets - commodity futures instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
494&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
494&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative assets - commodity options instruments &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
395&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
395&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative assets - foreign currency futures instruments &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred compensation plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative liabilities - commodity futures instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
728&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
728&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Long-term debt and other borrowing arrangements:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Public bonds and notes &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(552
592&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(552
592&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Term notes and revolver&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(424
650&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(424
650&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Capitalized lease obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(704&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(704&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=17 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=48% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Term Notes and Revolver&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Capitalized Lease Obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Change in Value of Level 3 Liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance
 beginning of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(424
650&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(686
435&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(704&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Borrowings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(509
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;410
099&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;762
091&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;135&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;124&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Change in fair value inputs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14
551&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;52&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance
 end of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(424
650&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(587&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(704&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The valuation of financial assets and liabilities classified in Level 1 is determined using a market approach
 taking into account current interest rates
 creditworthiness
 and liquidity risks in relation to current market conditions
 and is based upon unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets in active markets. The valuation of financial assets and liabilities in Level 2 is determined using a market approach based upon quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or other inputs that are observable for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. The valuation of financial assets in Level 3 is determined using an income approach based on unobservable inputs such as discounted cash flow models or valuations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In addition to the fair value disclosure requirements related to financial instruments carried at fair value
 accounting standards require interim disclosures regarding the fair value of all of the Company&amp;#8217;s financial instruments. The methods and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value of financial instruments and any changes in methods or significant assumptions from prior periods are also required to be disclosed. The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of financial assets and liabilities recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets consisted of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=19 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=51% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Carrying&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fair&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Carrying&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fair&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Note Reference&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Short-term investments in available-for-sale securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;96
902&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;96
902&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative assets - commodity futures instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
494&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
494&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative assets - commodity options instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
395&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
395&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative assets - foreign currency futures instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
563&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
563&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred compensation plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
753&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
753&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative liabilities - commodity futures instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(8
580&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(8
580&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
728&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
728&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative liabilities - commodity options instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(14
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(14
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Long-term debt and other borrowing arrangements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4
242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4
566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(912
233&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(977
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The carrying amounts of our cash and cash equivalents
 derivative trading accounts' margin cash
 restricted cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and certain other liabilities approximate their fair values due to their relatively short maturities. Derivative assets were recorded at fair value based on quoted market prices and are included in the line item &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Deferred compensation plan assets were recorded at fair value based on quoted market prices and are included in the line item &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Derivative liabilities were recorded at fair value based on quoted market prices and are included in the line item &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Accrued expenses and other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The fair values of the Company&amp;#8217;s long-term debt and other borrowing arrangements were estimated by calculating the net present value of future payments for each debt obligation or borrowing by: (i) using a risk-free rate applicable for an instrument with a life similar to the remaining life of each debt obligation or borrowing plus the current estimated credit risk spread for the Company or (ii) using the quoted market price at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; or &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 as applicable.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In addition to assets and liabilities that are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis
 the Company records certain assets and liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. Generally
 assets are recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as a result of impairment charges when required by U.S. GAAP. At December 28
 2014


 we remeasure assets and liabilities
 other than non-monetary assets
 of the Mexico subsidiaries at current exchange rates. We remeasure nonmonetary assets using the historical exchange rate in effect on the date of each asset's acquisition. We remeasure income and expenses at average exchange rates in effect during the period


027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;469
395&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;62
332&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;149
364&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;104
545&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;90
730&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
102
391&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;573
940&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;153
062&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The components of income tax expense (benefit) are set forth below:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:99.609375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=59% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;262
403&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(427&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(28
883&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22
867&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26
206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
279&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;State and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24
056&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
512&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(211&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;309
326&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;29
291&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(19
815&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;29
737&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22
923&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(293&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;31
332&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3
648&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(835&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;State and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20
558&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(24
339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;81
627&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5
064&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
165&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;390
953&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24
227&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(20
980&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The effective tax rate for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35.5%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; compared to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.2%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The effective tax rate for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; differed from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; as a result of decreases in the valuation allowance and reserves for unrecognized tax benefits during &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; that did not occur during &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The effective tax rate for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(13.7)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The effective tax rate for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; differed from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; primarily as a result of decreases in the valuation allowance and reserves for unrecognized tax benefits during &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and increases in the valuation allowance and reserves for unrecognized tax benefits during &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table reconciles the statutory U.S. federal income tax rate to the Company&amp;#8217;s effective income tax rate:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:99.609375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=52% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=3% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=3% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=3% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Federal income tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;State tax rate
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Permanent items&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Domestic production activity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Difference in U.S. statutory tax rate and foreign &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;country effective tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tax credits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Change in reserve for unrecognized tax &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(10.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(31.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(34.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(13.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Significant components of the Company&amp;#8217;s deferred tax liabilities and assets are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:99.609375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=73% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;PP&amp;amp;E and identified intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;126
536&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;125
197&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;48
365&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;74
287&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Insurance claims and losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36
953&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;33
625&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;All other current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18
696&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
453&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;All other noncurrent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
105&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;238
655&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;251
593&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net operating losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
842&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20
907&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign net operating losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15
437&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Credit carry forwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
916&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;79
555&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
261&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
510&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;52
772&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;47
384&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;All other current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
755&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12
282&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;All other noncurrent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20
857&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
292&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Workers compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;43
309&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;42
951&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pension and other postretirement benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26
049&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20
364&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;173
634&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;253
682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(9
150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(10
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:44px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;164
484&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;243
282&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;74
171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
311&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets
 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities (including the impact of available carry back and carry forward periods)
 projected future taxable income and tax-planning strategies in making this assessment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the Company believes it has sufficient positive evidence to conclude that realization of its federal and state net deferred tax assets is more likely than not to be realized. The decrease in valuation allowance of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; during &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was primarily due to a decrease in state and foreign net operating losses. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the Company's valuation allowance is &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$9.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 of which &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; relates to capital loss carry forwards and state net operating losses and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$7.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; relates to its Mexico operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the Company had state net operating loss carry forwards of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$177.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; that will begin to expire in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The Company also had Mexico net operating loss carry forwards at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$25.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; that begin to expire in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the Company had approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of state tax credit carry forwards that begin to expire in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On November 6
 2009
 H.R. 3548 was signed into law and included a provision that allowed most business taxpayers an increased carry back period for net operating losses incurred in 2008 or 2009. As a result
 during 2009 the Company utilized &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$547.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of its U.S. federal net operating losses under the expanded carry back provisions of H.R. 3548 and filed a claim for refund of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$169.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The Company received &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$122.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in refunds from the Internal Revenue Service (&amp;#8220;IRS&amp;#8221;) from the carry back claims during 2010. The Company anticipates receipt of the remainder of its claim pending resolution of its litigation with the IRS. See &amp;#8220;Note 16. Commitments and Contingencies&amp;#8221; for additional information.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company has not provided any deferred income taxes on the undistributed earnings of its Mexico subsidiaries as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; based upon the determination that such earnings will be indefinitely reinvested. It is not practicable to determine the amount of incremental taxes that might arise if these earnings were to be remitted. For activity after 2008
 the Company is not permanently reinvesting its earnings in Puerto Rico. Therefore
 the earnings generated in Puerto Rico have U.S. taxes provided on the earnings as if the earnings were distributed.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;During 2011
 the Company completed its deconsolidation of its Mexico operations from a tax perspective to help minimize the impact of the Mexico tax reform that became effective January 1
 2010. As a result
 all of the Mexico subsidiaries started filing separate returns in 2011. The deconsolidation reduced the accrued taxes that had been previously recognized under the consolidated filing status as it eliminated recapturing certain taxes required under the new consolidation laws. As a result of the deconsolidation
 the Company recognized a benefit of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$4.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; during &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 which reduced the additional taxes that had been previously accrued as of December 27
 2009
 resulting in a total net benefit of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$18.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amounts of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:99.609375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=73% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Unrecognized tax benefits
 beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17
117&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16
643&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Increase as a result of tax positions taken during the current year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;999&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;978&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Increase as a result of tax positions taken during prior years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Decrease as a result of tax positions taken during prior years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Decrease for lapse in statute of limitations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(619&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(736&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Unrecognized tax benefits
 end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17
396&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17
117&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Included in unrecognized tax benefits of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$17.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$9.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would reduce the Company's effective tax rate. It is not practicable at this time to estimate the amount of unrecognized tax benefits that will change in the next twelve months.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in its provision for income taxes. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the Company had recorded a liability of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$10.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for interest and penalties. During &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 accrued interest and penalty amounts related to uncertain tax positions remained unchanged from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company operates in the U.S. (including multiple state jurisdictions)
 Puerto Rico and Mexico. With few exceptions
 the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal
 state or local income tax examinations for years prior to 2009 and is no longer subject to Mexico income tax examinations by taxing authorities for years prior to 2009.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company is challenging the IRS' proof of claim relating to the tax year ended June 26
 2004 for Gold Kist Inc. (&amp;#8220;Gold Kist&amp;#8221;). See &amp;#8220;Note 16. Commitments and Contingencies&amp;#8221; for additional information.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On September 13
 2013
 the IRS issued the final
 revised Tangible Property Repair Regulations for IRC Sections 162(a) and 263(a) which modify and supersede the Temporary Regulations that were issued on December 23
 2011. In addition
 the IRS also released new proposed regulations for dispositions of tangible property under IRC Section 168. These final and proposed regulations are effective for tax years beginning January&amp;#160;1


 but it is included in certain state consolidated returns with JBS USA. The income tax expense of the Company is computed using the separate return method. The provision for income taxes has been determined using the asset and liability approach of accounting for income taxes. Under this approach
 deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the book and tax bases of recorded assets and liabilities
 net operating losses and tax credit carry forwards. The amount of deferred tax on these temporary differences is determined using the tax rates expected to apply to the period when the asset is realized or the liability is settled
 as applicable
 based on the tax rates and laws in the respective tax jurisdiction enacted as of the balance sheet date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company reviews its deferred tax assets for recoverability and establishes a valuation allowance based on historical taxable income
 potential for carry back of tax losses
 projected future taxable income
 applicable tax strategies
 and the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Valuation allowances have been established primarily for net operating loss carry forwards of certain foreign subsidiaries. See &amp;#8220;Note 11. Income Taxes&amp;#8221; to the Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company deems its earnings from Mexico as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to be permanently reinvested. As such
 U.S. deferred income taxes have not been provided on these earnings. If such earnings were not considered indefinitely reinvested
 certain deferred foreign and U.S. income taxes would be provided. For activity after 2008
 the Company did not permanently reinvest its earnings in Puerto Rico. Therefore
 net earnings generated in Puerto Rico have U.S. taxes provided as if the earnings were distributed.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company follows provisions under ASC 740-10-25 that provide a recognition threshold and measurement criteria for the financial statement recognition of a tax benefit taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. Tax benefits are recognized only when it is more likely than not
 based on the technical merits


 2013:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trade names&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&amp;#8211;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40
143&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(31
081&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
062&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Customer relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;51
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(27
537&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;23
463&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Non-compete agreements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;91
443&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(58
918&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32
525&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trade names&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&amp;#8211;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40
143&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(32
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
243&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Customer relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;51
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(31
460&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19
540&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Non-compete agreements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;91
443&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(64
660&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26
783&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We recognized amortization expense related to identified intangible assets of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$5.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$5.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$5.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We expect to recognize amortization expense associated with identified intangible assets of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$5.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$5.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 customer relationships and non-compete agreements. We calculate amortization of those assets that are subject to amortization on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. The useful lives range from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years for trade names and non-compete agreements and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years for customer relationships.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We review intangible assets subject to amortization for impairment whenever an event or change in circumstances indicates the carrying values of the assets may not be recoverable. We test intangible assets subject to amortization for impairment and estimate their fair values using the same assumptions and techniques we employ on property


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Live chicken and hens&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;363
438&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;368
582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Feed
 eggs and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;198
681&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;216
045&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Finished chicken products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;227
649&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;223
932&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total chicken inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;789
768&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;808
559&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commercial feed
 table eggs and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;537&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;273&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;790
305&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;808


 less accumulated amortization
 or market. The costs associated with breeder hens are accumulated up to the production stage and amortized over their productive lives using the unit-of-production method. Finished poultry products
 feed
 eggs and other inventories are stated at the lower of cost (average) or market.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We record valuation adjustments for our inventory and for estimated obsolescence at or equal to the difference between the cost of inventory and the estimated market value based upon known conditions affecting inventory
 including significantly aged products
 discontinued product lines
 or damaged or obsolete products. We allocate meat costs between our various finished chicken products based on a by-product costing technique that reduces the cost of the whole bird by estimated yields and amounts to be recovered for certain by-product parts. This primarily includes leg quarters
 wings
 tenders and offal
 which are carried in inventory at the estimated recovery amounts
 with the remaining amount being reflected as our breast meat cost.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Generally
 the Company performs an evaluation of whether any lower of cost or market adjustments are required at the country level based on a number of factors
 including: (i) pools of related inventory
 (ii) product continuation or discontinuation
 (iii) estimated market selling prices and (iv) expected distribution channels. If actual market conditions or other factors are less favorable than those projected by management


 primarily commercial paper.  These investments are classified as available-for-sale. These securities are recorded at fair value
 and unrealized holding gains and losses are recorded
 net of tax
 as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income.  Investments in fixed income securities with remaining maturities of less than one year and those identified by management at the time of purchase for funding operations in less than one year are classified as current assets.  Investments in fixed income securities with remaining maturities in excess of one year that management has not identified at the time of purchase for funding operations in less than one year are classified as long-term assets. Unrealized losses are charged against net earnings when a decline in fair value is determined to be other than temporary. Management reviews several factors to determine whether a loss is other than temporary
 such as the length of time a security is in an unrealized loss position
 the extent to which fair value is less than amortized cost
 the impact of changing interest rates in the short and long term
 and the Company&amp;#8217;s intent and ability to hold the security for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value. The Company determines the cost of each security sold and each amount reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income into earnings using the specific identification method. Purchases and sales are recorded on a trade date basis.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Investments in entities in which the Company has an ownership interest greater than 50% and exercises control over the entity are consolidated in the Consolidated Financial Statements. Investments in entities in which the Company has an ownership interest between 20% and 50% and exercises significant influence are accounted for using the equity method. The Company invests from time to time in ventures in which its ownership interest is less than 20% and over which it does not exercise significant influence. Such investments are accounted for under the cost method. The fair values for investments not traded on a quoted exchange are estimated based upon the historical performance of the ventures
 the ventures&amp;#8217; forecasted financial performance and management&amp;#8217;s evaluation of the ventures&amp;#8217; viability and business models. To the extent the book value of an investment exceeds its assessed fair value
 the Company will record an appropriate impairment charge. Thus


 current investments or long-term investments depending upon each security's length to maturity. Additionally
 those securities identified by management at the time of purchase for funding operations in less than one year are classified as current.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table summarizes our investments in available-for-sale securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=53% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fair&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fair&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Cash equivalents:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fixed income securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;204
286&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;204
286&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;103
121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;103
121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Current investments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fixed income securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;96
902&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;96
902&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;All of the fixed income securities classified as cash and cash equivalents above mature within 90 days and all of the fixed income securities classified as short-term investments above mature within one year. The specific identification method is used to determine the cost of each security sold and each amount reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive loss to earnings. Gross realized gains recognized during &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; related to the Company's available-for-sale securities is &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$25
620&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. Gross realized losses recognized during &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; related to the Company's available-for-sale securities totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$18


 which is typically before rent payments are due under the terms of the lease. If a lease has a fixed or determinable escalation clause


 less allowance for doubtful accounts
 consisted of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=73% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trade accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;371
268&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;369
715&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accounts receivable from related parties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
388&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Receivables from officers and employees&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Notes receivable - current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
088&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other receivables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
059&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11
005&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Receivables
 gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;386
665&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;383
122&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
525&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4
056&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Receivables
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;384
140&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;379


 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) issued new accounting guidance on revenue recognition
 which provides for a single five-step model to be applied to all revenue contracts with customers. The new standard also requires additional financial statement disclosures that will enable users to understand the nature
 amount


&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;PPC
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;the Company
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;we
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;us
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;our
&amp;#8221; or similar terms) is one of the largest chicken producers in the world
 with operations in the United States (&amp;#8220;U.S.&amp;#8221;)
 Mexico and Puerto&amp;#160;Rico.  Pilgrim's products are sold to foodservice
 retail and frozen entr&amp;#233;e customers. The Company's primary distribution is through retailers
 foodservice distributors and restaurants throughout the United States and Puerto Rico and in the northern and central regions of Mexico.  Additionally
 the Company exports chicken products to approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;95&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; countries. Pilgrim's fresh chicken products consist of refrigerated (nonfrozen) whole chickens
 whole cut-up chickens and selected chicken parts that are either marinated or non-marinated. The Company's prepared chicken products include fully cooked
 ready-to-cook and individually frozen chicken parts
 strips
 nuggets and patties
 some of which are either breaded or non-breaded and either marinated or non-marinated. As a vertically integrated company
 we control every phase of the production of our products. We operate feed mills
 hatcheries
 processing plants and distribution centers in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; U.S. states
 Puerto Rico and Mexico. Pilgrim's has approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; employees and has the capacity to process more than &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; birds per week for a total of more than &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; pounds of live chicken annually. Approximately&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#ee2724;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; contract growers supply poultry for the Company's operations. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 JBS USA Holdings
 Inc. (&amp;#8220;JBS USA&amp;#8221;)
 an indirect subsidiary of Brazil-based JBS S.A.
 beneficially owned &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;75.5%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the Company's outstanding common stock. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Consolidated Financial Statements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company operates on the basis of a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;52&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;/&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;-week fiscal year ending on the Sunday falling on or before December 31. The reader should assume any reference we make to a particular year (for example
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;) in the notes to these Consolidated Financial Statements applies to our fiscal year and not the calendar year.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Pilgrim&amp;#8217;s Pride Corporation and its majority owned subsidiaries. We eliminate all significant affiliate accounts and transactions upon consolidation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company measures the financial statements of its Mexico subsidiaries as if the U.S. dollar were the functional currency. Accordingly
 we remeasure assets and liabilities
 other than non-monetary assets
 of the Mexico subsidiaries at current exchange rates. We remeasure nonmonetary assets using the historical exchange rate in effect on the date of each asset's acquisition. We remeasure income and expenses at average exchange rates in effect during the period
 except for certain accounts which are remeasured at a historical rate. Currency exchange gains or losses are included in the line item &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Foreign currency transaction losses (gains)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We recognize revenue when all of the following circumstances are satisfied: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exits
 (ii) price is fixed or determinable
 (iii) collectability is reasonably assured and (iv) delivery has occurred. Delivery occurs in the period in which the customer takes title and assumes the risks and rewards of ownership of the products specified in the customer's purchase order or sales agreement. Revenue is recorded net of estimated incentive offerings including special pricing agreements
 promotions and other volume-based incentives. Revisions to these estimates are charged back to net sales in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become known. Taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities are excluded from revenues.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Costs associated with the products shipped to customers are recognized in cost of sales.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Advertising Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Advertising costs are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses and totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$4.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$4.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$6.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Research and Development Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Research and development costs totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company considers highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less when acquired to be cash equivalents. The majority of the Company's disbursement bank accounts are zero balance accounts where cash needs are funded as checks are presented for payment by the holder. Checks issued pending clearance that result in overdraft balances for accounting purposes are classified as accounts payable and the change in the related balance is reflected in operating activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Investments in Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s current investments are comprised of fixed income securities
 primarily commercial paper.  These investments are classified as available-for-sale. These securities are recorded at fair value
 and unrealized holding gains and losses are recorded
 net of tax
 as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income.  Investments in fixed income securities with remaining maturities of less than one year and those identified by management at the time of purchase for funding operations in less than one year are classified as current assets.  Investments in fixed income securities with remaining maturities in excess of one year that management has not identified at the time of purchase for funding operations in less than one year are classified as long-term assets. Unrealized losses are charged against net earnings when a decline in fair value is determined to be other than temporary. Management reviews several factors to determine whether a loss is other than temporary
 such as the length of time a security is in an unrealized loss position
 the extent to which fair value is less than amortized cost
 the impact of changing interest rates in the short and long term
 and the Company&amp;#8217;s intent and ability to hold the security for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value. The Company determines the cost of each security sold and each amount reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income into earnings using the specific identification method. Purchases and sales are recorded on a trade date basis.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Investments in entities in which the Company has an ownership interest greater than 50% and exercises control over the entity are consolidated in the Consolidated Financial Statements. Investments in entities in which the Company has an ownership interest between 20% and 50% and exercises significant influence are accounted for using the equity method. The Company invests from time to time in ventures in which its ownership interest is less than 20% and over which it does not exercise significant influence. Such investments are accounted for under the cost method. The fair values for investments not traded on a quoted exchange are estimated based upon the historical performance of the ventures
 the ventures&amp;#8217; forecasted financial performance and management&amp;#8217;s evaluation of the ventures&amp;#8217; viability and business models. To the extent the book value of an investment exceeds its assessed fair value
 the Company will record an appropriate impairment charge. Thus
 the carrying value of the Company&amp;#8217;s investments approximates fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company records accounts receivable when revenue is recognized. We record an allowance for doubtful accounts
 reducing our receivables balance to an amount we estimate is collectible from our customers. Estimates used in determining the allowance for doubtful accounts are based on historical collection experience
 current trends
 aging of accounts receivable
 and periodic credit evaluations of our customers&amp;#8217; financial condition. We write off accounts receivable when it becomes apparent
 based upon age or customer circumstances
 that such amounts will not be collected. Generally
 the Company does not require collateral for its accounts receivable.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Live chicken inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market and breeder hens at the lower of cost
 less accumulated amortization
 or market. The costs associated with breeder hens are accumulated up to the production stage and amortized over their productive lives using the unit-of-production method. Finished poultry products
 feed
 eggs and other inventories are stated at the lower of cost (average) or market.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We record valuation adjustments for our inventory and for estimated obsolescence at or equal to the difference between the cost of inventory and the estimated market value based upon known conditions affecting inventory
 including significantly aged products
 discontinued product lines
 or damaged or obsolete products. We allocate meat costs between our various finished chicken products based on a by-product costing technique that reduces the cost of the whole bird by estimated yields and amounts to be recovered for certain by-product parts. This primarily includes leg quarters
 wings
 tenders and offal
 which are carried in inventory at the estimated recovery amounts
 with the remaining amount being reflected as our breast meat cost.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Generally
 the Company performs an evaluation of whether any lower of cost or market adjustments are required at the country level based on a number of factors
 including: (i) pools of related inventory
 (ii) product continuation or discontinuation
 (iii) estimated market selling prices and (iv) expected distribution channels. If actual market conditions or other factors are less favorable than those projected by management
 additional inventory adjustments may be required.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost
 and repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of these assets. Estimated useful lives for building
 machinery and equipment are &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;five&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years and for automobiles and trucks are &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;ten&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years. The charge to income resulting from amortization of assets recorded under capital leases is included with depreciation expense.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company records impairment charges on long-lived assets held for use when events and circumstances indicate that the assets may be impaired and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the carrying amount of those assets. When the above is true
 the impairment charge is determined based upon the amount the net book value of the assets exceeds their fair market value. In making these determinations
 the Company utilizes certain assumptions
 including
 but not limited to: (i) future cash flows estimated to be generated by these assets
 which are based on additional assumptions such as asset utilization
 remaining length of service and estimated salvage values
 (ii) estimated fair market value of the assets and (iii) determinations with respect to the lowest level of cash flows relevant to the respective impairment test
 generally groupings of related operational facilities. Given the interdependency of the Company&amp;#8217;s individual facilities during the production process
 which operate as a vertically integrated network
 it evaluates impairment of assets held for use at the country level (i.e.
 the U.S. and Mexico). Management believes this is the lowest level of identifiable cash flows for its assets that are held for use in production activities. At the present time
 the Company&amp;#8217;s forecasts indicate that it can recover the carrying value of its assets held for use based on the projected undiscounted cash flows of the operations. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company records impairment charges on long-lived assets held for sale when the carrying amount of those assets exceeds their fair value less appropriate selling costs. Fair value is based on amounts documented in sales contracts or letters of intent accepted by the Company
 amounts included in counteroffers initiated by the Company
 or
 in the absence of current contract negotiations
 amounts determined using a sales comparison approach for real property and amounts determined using a cost approach for personal property. Under the sales comparison approach
 sales and asking prices of reasonably comparable properties are considered to develop a range of unit prices within which the current real estate market is operating. Under the cost approach
 a current cost to replace the asset new is calculated and then the estimated replacement cost is reduced to reflect the applicable decline in value resulting from physical deterioration
 functional obsolescence and economic obsolescence. Appropriate selling costs includes reasonable broker's commissions
 costs to produce title documents
 filing fees
 legal expenses and the like. We estimate appropriate closing costs as &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of asset fair value. This range of rates is considered reasonable for our assets held for sale based on historical experience.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Identified Intangible Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our identified intangible assets consist of assets subject to amortization such as trade names
 customer relationships and non-compete agreements. We calculate amortization of those assets that are subject to amortization on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. The useful lives range from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years for trade names and non-compete agreements and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years for customer relationships.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We review intangible assets subject to amortization for impairment whenever an event or change in circumstances indicates the carrying values of the assets may not be recoverable. We test intangible assets subject to amortization for impairment and estimate their fair values using the same assumptions and techniques we employ on property
 plant and equipment.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Book Overdraft Balances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The majority of the Company's disbursement bank accounts are zero balance accounts where cash needs are funded as checks are presented for payment by the holder. Checks issued pending clearance that result in overdraft balances for accounting purposes are classified as accounts payable and the change in the related balance is reflected in operating activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Litigation and Contingent Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company is subject to lawsuits
 investigations and other claims related to employment
 environmental
 product and other matters. The Company is required to assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes
 as well as potential ranges of probable losses
 to these matters. The Company estimates the amount of reserves required for these contingencies when losses are determined to be probable and after considerable analysis of each individual issue. The Company expenses legal costs related to such loss contingencies as they are incurred. The accrual for environmental remediation liabilities is measured on an undiscounted basis. These reserves may change in the future due to changes in the Company&amp;#8217;s assumptions
 the effectiveness of strategies
 or other factors beyond the Company&amp;#8217;s control.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Accrued Self Insurance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Insurance expense for casualty claims and employee-related health care benefits are estimated using historical and current experience and actuarial estimates. Stop-loss coverage is maintained with third-party insurers to limit the Company&amp;#8217;s total exposure. Certain categories of claim liabilities are actuarially determined. The assumptions used to arrive at periodic expenses are reviewed regularly by management. However
 actual expenses could differ from these estimates and could result in adjustments to be recognized.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company follows provisions under ASC 740-10-30-27 in the Expenses-Income Taxes topic with regard to members of a group that file a consolidated tax return but issue separate financial statements. The Company files its own U.S. federal tax return
 but it is included in certain state consolidated returns with JBS USA. The income tax expense of the Company is computed using the separate return method. The provision for income taxes has been determined using the asset and liability approach of accounting for income taxes. Under this approach
 deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the book and tax bases of recorded assets and liabilities
 net operating losses and tax credit carry forwards. The amount of deferred tax on these temporary differences is determined using the tax rates expected to apply to the period when the asset is realized or the liability is settled
 as applicable
 based on the tax rates and laws in the respective tax jurisdiction enacted as of the balance sheet date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company reviews its deferred tax assets for recoverability and establishes a valuation allowance based on historical taxable income
 potential for carry back of tax losses
 projected future taxable income
 applicable tax strategies
 and the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Valuation allowances have been established primarily for net operating loss carry forwards of certain foreign subsidiaries. See &amp;#8220;Note 11. Income Taxes&amp;#8221; to the Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company deems its earnings from Mexico as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to be permanently reinvested. As such
 U.S. deferred income taxes have not been provided on these earnings. If such earnings were not considered indefinitely reinvested
 certain deferred foreign and U.S. income taxes would be provided. For activity after 2008
 the Company did not permanently reinvest its earnings in Puerto Rico. Therefore
 net earnings generated in Puerto Rico have U.S. taxes provided as if the earnings were distributed.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company follows provisions under ASC 740-10-25 that provide a recognition threshold and measurement criteria for the financial statement recognition of a tax benefit taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. Tax benefits are recognized only when it is more likely than not
 based on the technical merits
 that the benefits will be sustained on examination. Tax benefits that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured using a probability weighting of the largest amount of tax benefit that has greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon settlement. Whether the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is met for a particular tax benefit is a matter of judgment based on the individual facts and circumstances evaluated in light of all available evidence as of the balance sheet date. See &amp;#8220;Note 11. Income Taxes&amp;#8221; to the Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Pension and Other Postemployment Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our pension and other postemployment benefit costs and obligations are dependent on the various actuarial assumptions used in calculating such amounts. These assumptions relate to discount rates
 long-term return on plan assets and other factors. We base the discount rate assumptions on current investment yields on high-quality corporate long-term bonds. We determine the long-term return on plan assets based on historical portfolio results and management&amp;#8217;s expectation of the future economic environment. Actual results that differ from our assumptions are accumulated and
 if in excess of the lesser of 10% of the projected benefit obligation or the fair market value of plan assets
 amortized over either (i) the estimated average future service period of active plan participants if the plan is active or (ii) the estimated average future life expectancy of all plan participants if the plan is frozen.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Operating Leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Rent expense for operating leases is recorded on a straight-line basis over the lease term unless the lease contains an escalation clause which is not fixed or determinable. The lease term begins when we have the right to control the use of the leased property
 which is typically before rent payments are due under the terms of the lease. If a lease has a fixed or determinable escalation clause
 the difference between rent expense and rent paid is recorded as deferred rent and is included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Rent for operating leases that do not have an escalation clause or where escalation is based on an inflation index is expensed over the lease term as it is payable.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Risk Management&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company attempts to mitigate commodity purchase exposures through a program of risk management that includes the use of forward purchase contractual obligations and derivative financial instruments. The Company will also occasionally purchase derivative financial instruments in an attempt to mitigate currency exchange rate exposure related to the net assets of its Mexico operations that are denominated in Mexican pesos. The Company's Mexico subsidiaries also attempt to mitigate the foreign currency exposure on certain U.S. dollar-denominated transactions through the use of derivative financial instruments. We recognize all derivative financial instruments in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. We elected not to designate derivative financial instruments executed to mitigate commodity purchase exposures and foreign currency exposures as hedges of forecasted transactions. Therefore
 we recognize changes in the fair value of these derivative financial instruments immediately in earnings. Gains or losses related to both the commodity derivative financial instruments and the foreign currency derivative financial instruments are included in the line item &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#ee2724;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (&amp;#8220;U.S. GAAP&amp;#8221;) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. We make significant estimates in regard to receivables collectability; inventory valuation; realization of deferred tax assets; valuation of long-lived assets; valuation of contingent liabilities
 liabilities subject to compromise and self insurance liabilities; valuation of pension and other postretirement benefits obligations; and valuation of acquired businesses.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) issued new accounting guidance on revenue recognition
 which provides for a single five-step model to be applied to all revenue contracts with customers. The new standard also requires additional financial statement disclosures that will enable users to understand the nature
 amount


 nonqualified defined benefit retirement plans
 a defined benefit postretirement life insurance plan
 and defined contribution retirement savings plans. Under all of our retirement plans
 the Company&amp;#8217;s expenses were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$5.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$7.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$8.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company used a year-end measurement date of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for its pension and postretirement benefits plans. Certain disclosures are listed below. Other disclosures are not material to the financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Qualified Defined Benefit Pension Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company sponsors two qualified defined benefit pension plans named the Pilgrim&amp;#8217;s Pride Retirement Plan for Union Employees (the &amp;#8220;Union Plan&amp;#8221;) and the Pilgrim&amp;#8217;s Pride Pension Plan for Legacy Gold Kist Employees (the &amp;#8220;GK Pension Plan&amp;#8221;). The Union Plan covers certain locations or work groups within PPC. The GK Pension Plan covers certain eligible U.S. employees who were employed at locations that the Company purchased through its acquisition of Gold Kist in 2007. Participation in the GK Pension Plan was frozen as of February 8
 2007 for all participants with the exception of terminated vested participants who are or may become permanently and totally disabled. The plan was frozen for that group as of March 31
 2007.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Nonqualified Defined Benefit Pension Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company sponsors two nonqualified defined benefit retirement plans named the Former Gold Kist Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (the &amp;#8220;SERP Plan&amp;#8221;) and the Former Gold Kist Inc. Directors&amp;#8217; Emeriti Retirement Plan (the &amp;#8220;Directors&amp;#8217; Emeriti Plan&amp;#8221;). Pilgrim&amp;#8217;s Pride assumed sponsorship of the SERP Plan and Directors&amp;#8217; Emeriti Plan through its acquisition of Gold Kist in 2007. The SERP Plan provides benefits on compensation in excess of certain IRC limitations to certain former executives with whom Gold Kist negotiated individual agreements. Benefits under the SERP Plan were frozen as of February 8
 2007. The Directors&amp;#8217; Emeriti Plan provides benefits to former Gold Kist directors.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Defined Benefit Postretirement Life Insurance Plan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company sponsors one defined benefit postretirement life insurance plan named the Gold Kist Inc. Retiree Life Insurance Plan (the &amp;#8220;Retiree Life Plan&amp;#8221;). Pilgrim&amp;#8217;s Pride also assumed defined benefit postretirement medical and life insurance obligations
 including the Retiree Life Plan
 through its acquisition of Gold Kist in 2007. In January 2001
 Gold Kist began to substantially curtail its programs for active employees. On July 1
 2003
 Gold Kist terminated medical coverage for retirees age 65 or older
 and only retired employees in the closed group between ages 55 and 65 could continue their coverage at rates above the average cost of the medical insurance plan for active employees. These retired employees all reached the age of 65 in 2012 and liabilities of the postretirement medical plan then ended.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Defined Benefit Plans Obligations and Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The change in benefit obligation
 change in fair value of plan assets
 funded status and amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for these plans were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=53% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Pension Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Other Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Change in projected benefit obligation:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Projected benefit obligation
 beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;170
030&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;194
434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
705&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
933&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
954&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;81&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actuarial losses (gains)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24
670&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(24
315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(12
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(8
043&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Curtailments and settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(248&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(119&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Projected benefit obligation
 end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;190
401&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;170
030&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
657&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
705&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=53% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Pension Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Other Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Change in plan assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets
 beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;108
496&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;92
283&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actual return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
944&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16
489&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Contributions by employer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13
514&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
767&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;119&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(12
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(8
043&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Curtailments and settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(248&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(119&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets
 end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;113
552&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;108
496&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=53% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Pension Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Other Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Funded status:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Unfunded benefit obligation
 end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(76
849&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(61
534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
657&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
705&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=53% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Pension Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Other Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at end of year:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(9
373&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(9
146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(129&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Long-term liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(67
476&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(52
388&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
528&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
557&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:44px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Recognized liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(76
849&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(61
534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
657&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
705&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=53% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Pension Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Other Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:8pt;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Amounts recognized in accumulated other &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:8pt;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;comprehensive loss at end of year:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net actuarial loss (gain)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;43
907&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16
957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(127&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The accumulated benefit obligation for our defined benefit pension plans was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$190.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$170.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. Each of our defined benefit pension plans had accumulated benefit obligations that exceeded the fair value of plan assets at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Income)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net pension and other postretirement costs included the following components:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=24 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=41% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Pension Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Other Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=23 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
954&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
272&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;81&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;96&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Estimated return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6
373&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5
393&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5
867&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Settlement loss (gain)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;93&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization of net loss (gain)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;465&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
879&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
562&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
921&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Economic Assumptions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The weighted average assumptions used in determining pension and other postretirement plan information were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=18 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=45% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Pension Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Other Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Benefit obligation:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Discount rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.95&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.95&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Net pension and other postretirement cost:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Discount rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.95&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.95&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Rate of compensation increase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;NA&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;NA&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;NA&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;NA&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;NA&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Expected return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;NA&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;NA&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;NA&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The expected rate of return on plan assets was determined based on the current interest rate environment and historical market premiums relative to the fixed income rates of equities and other asset classes. We also take into consideration anticipated asset allocations

 but they are not registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Often times
 they will be invested in mutual funds or other marketable securities
 but the unit price generally will be different from the value of the underlying securities because the fund may also hold cash for liquidity purposes
 and the fees imposed by the fund are deducted from the fund value rather than charged separately to investors. Some PSAs and CCTs have no restrictions as to their investment strategy and can invest in riskier investments
 such as derivatives
 hedge funds
 private equity funds
 or similar investments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Absent regulatory or statutory limitations
 the target asset allocation for the investment of pension assets in the pooled separate accounts is &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in each of fixed income securities and equity securities and the target asset allocation for the investment of pension assets in the common collective trust funds is &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in fixed income securities and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;70%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in equity securities. The plans only invest in fixed income and equity instruments for which there is a ready public market. We develop our expected long-term rate of return assumptions based on the historical rates of returns for equity and fixed income securities of the type in which our plans invest.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The fair value measurements of plan assets fell into the following levels of the fair value hierarchy as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:99.609375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=32 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=29% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013(a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(c)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(c)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=31 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;275&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;275&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pooled separate accounts:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Large U.S. equity funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(d)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;4
147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;4
147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;4
828&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;4
828&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Small/Mid U.S. equity funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(e)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
062&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
062&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International equity funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(f)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
719&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
719&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2
019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2
019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fixed income funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(g)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;6
609&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;6
609&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;3
442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;3
442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Common collective trusts funds:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Large U.S. equity funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(d)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;29
964&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;29
964&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;28
784&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;28
784&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Small U.S. equity funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(e)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;18
411&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;18
411&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;16
937&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;16
937&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International equity funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(f)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;19
730&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;19
730&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;19
420&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;19
420&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fixed income funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(g)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;31
877&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;31
877&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;31
599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;31
599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;113
519&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;113
552&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;275&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;108
221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;108

 such as discounted cash flow models or valuations
 are used to determine fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;(d)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;This category is comprised of investment options that invest in stocks
 or shares of ownership
 in large
 well-established U.S. companies. These investment options typically carry more risk than fixed income options but have the potential for higher returns over longer time periods.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;(e)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;This category is generally comprised of investment options that invest in stocks
 or shares of ownership
 in small to medium-sized U.S. companies. These investment options typically carry more risk than larger U.S. equity investment options but have the potential for higher returns.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;(f)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;This category is comprised of investment options that invest in stocks
 or shares of ownership
 in companies with their principal place of business or office outside of the U.S.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;(g)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;This category is comprised of investment options that invest in bonds
 or debt of a company or government entity (including U.S. and non-U.S. entities). It may also include real estate investment options that directly own property. These investment options typically carry more risk than short-term fixed income investment options (including
 for real estate investment options
 liquidity risk)
 but less overall risk than equities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The valuation of plan assets in Level 2 is determined using a market approach based upon quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 or other inputs that are observable for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. Level 2 securities primarily include equity and fixed income securities funds.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Benefit Payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table reflects the benefits as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; expected to be paid in each of the next five years and in the aggregate for the five years thereafter from our pension and other postretirement plans. Because our pension plans are primarily funded plans
 the anticipated benefits with respect to these plans will come primarily from the trusts established for these plans. Because our other postretirement plans are unfunded
 the anticipated benefits with respect to these plans will come from our own assets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=77% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Pension Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Other &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13
458&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;129&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12
937&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12
502&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11
769&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11
278&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020-2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;52
157&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;627&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;114
101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
276&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We anticipate contributing &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$9.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 as required by funding regulations or laws
 to our pension and other postretirement plans
 respectively
 during &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Unrecognized Benefit Amounts in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (Income)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The amounts in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) that were not recognized as components of net periodic benefits cost and the changes in those amounts are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:99.609375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=24 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=47% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Pension Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Other Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=23 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net actuarial loss (gain)
 beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;16
957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;53
368&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;31
108&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(217&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(1
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(465&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Curtailment&amp;#160;and&amp;#160;settlement adjustments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(93&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actuarial loss (gain)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;24
670&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(24
315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;24
872&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;159&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Asset loss (gain)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;2
429&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(11
095&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(2
147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net actuarial loss (gain)
 end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;43
907&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;16
957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;53
368&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(127&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company expects to recognize in net pension cost throughout &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; an actuarial loss of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; that was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Defined Contribution Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company sponsors two defined contribution retirement savings plans named the Pilgrim&amp;#8217;s Pride Retirement Savings Plan (the &amp;#8220;RS Plan&amp;#8221;) and the To-Ricos Employee Savings and Retirement Plan (the &amp;#8220;To-Ricos Plan&amp;#8221;). The RS Plan is an IRC Section 401(k) salary deferral plan maintained for certain eligible US employees. Under the RS Plan
 eligible U.S. employees may voluntarily contribute a percentage of their compensation. The Company matches up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the first &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.14%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.00%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of salary based on the salary deferral and compensation levels up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$245
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The To-Ricos Plan is an IRC Section 1165(e) salary deferral plan maintained for certain eligible Puerto Rican employees. Under the To-Ricos Plan
 eligible employees may voluntarily contribute a percentage of their compensation and there are various company matching provisions. The Company also maintains three postretirement plans for eligible Mexico employees as required by Mexico law that primarily cover termination benefits.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s expenses related to its defined contribution plans totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$5.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Certain retirement plans that the Company sponsors invest in a variety of financial instruments. Certain postretirement funds in which the Company participates hold significant amounts of mortgage-backed securities. However


 long-term return on plan assets and other factors. We base the discount rate assumptions on current investment yields on high-quality corporate long-term bonds. We determine the long-term return on plan assets based on historical portfolio results and management&amp;#8217;s expectation of the future economic environment. Actual results that differ from our assumptions are accumulated and
 if in excess of the lesser of 10% of the projected benefit obligation or the fair market value of plan assets


 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment (&amp;#8220;PP&amp;amp;E&amp;#8221;)
 net consisted of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:99.609375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=73% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Land&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;66
798&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;66
071&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Buildings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
086
690&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
077
859&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
537
241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
502
968&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Autos and trucks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;52
639&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;55
779&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Construction-in-progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;129
701&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;66
926&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment
 gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
873
069&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
769
603&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
690
274&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
617
792&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
182
795&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
151
811&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company recognized depreciation expense of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$136.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$135.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$131.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; during &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;During &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the Company sold certain PP&amp;amp;E for cash of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$11.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and recognized a gain of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. PP&amp;amp;E sold in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; included a warehouse in Texas
 vehicle maintenance centers in Texas and North Carolina
 an office building in Mexico City
 a processing plant in Pennsylvania
 and a fertilizer building with miscellaneous fixtures and equipment in Texas. During &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the Company sold certain PP&amp;amp;E for cash of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$31.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and recognized a loss of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. PP&amp;amp;E sold in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; included vehicle maintenance centers in Texas
 Arkansas
 and Georgia
 excess land in Texas
 a hatchery in North Carolina
 a complex in Arkansas
 an office building in Georgia
 and miscellaneous equipment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;During 2014
 the Company spent &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$171.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; on capital projects and transferred &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$110.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of completed projects from construction-in-progress to depreciable assets. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company has closed or idled processing facilities in Alabama
 Georgia
 Arkansas and Texas
 feed mills in North Carolina and Arkansas
 hatcheries in Alabama
 Texas
 and Arkansas
 various broiler farms in Texas and Alabama
 a vehicle maintenance center in Arkansas and other miscellaneous assets. Neither the Board of Directors nor JBS USA has determined if it would be in the best interest of the Company to divest any of these idled assets. Management is therefore not certain that it can or will divest any of these assets within one year
 is not actively marketing these assets and
 accordingly
 has not classified them as assets held for sale. The Company continues to depreciate these assets. At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the carrying amount of these idled assets was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$69.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; based on depreciable value of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$181.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and accumulated depreciation of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$112.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Management has committed to the sale of certain properties and related assets
 including
 but not limited to
 a processing plant in Bossier City
 Louisiana and miscellaneous assets
 as such assets no longer fit into the operating plans of the Company. The Company is actively marketing these properties and related assets for immediate sale and believes a sale of each property can be consummated within the next 12 months. At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the Company reported assets held for sale totaling &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Assets held for sale&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; on its Consolidated Balance Sheets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company tested the recoverability of its long-lived assets held for use during the thirteen weeks ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; by comparing the book value of its invested capital
 exclusive of assets held for sale
 with the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of its long-lived assets held for use. The Company determined that the carrying amount of its long-lived assets held for use is recoverable over the remaining life of the primary asset in the group
 and the long-lived assets for use pass the Step 1 recoverability test of ASC 360-10-35


 Plant and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost
 and repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of these assets. Estimated useful lives for building
 machinery and equipment are &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;five&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years and for automobiles and trucks are &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;ten&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years. The charge to income resulting from amortization of assets recorded under capital leases is included with depreciation expense.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company records impairment charges on long-lived assets held for use when events and circumstances indicate that the assets may be impaired and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the carrying amount of those assets. When the above is true
 the impairment charge is determined based upon the amount the net book value of the assets exceeds their fair market value. In making these determinations
 the Company utilizes certain assumptions
 including
 but not limited to: (i) future cash flows estimated to be generated by these assets
 which are based on additional assumptions such as asset utilization
 remaining length of service and estimated salvage values
 (ii) estimated fair market value of the assets and (iii) determinations with respect to the lowest level of cash flows relevant to the respective impairment test
 generally groupings of related operational facilities. Given the interdependency of the Company&amp;#8217;s individual facilities during the production process
 which operate as a vertically integrated network
 it evaluates impairment of assets held for use at the country level (i.e.
 the U.S. and Mexico). Management believes this is the lowest level of identifiable cash flows for its assets that are held for use in production activities. At the present time
 the Company&amp;#8217;s forecasts indicate that it can recover the carrying value of its assets held for use based on the projected undiscounted cash flows of the operations. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company records impairment charges on long-lived assets held for sale when the carrying amount of those assets exceeds their fair value less appropriate selling costs. Fair value is based on amounts documented in sales contracts or letters of intent accepted by the Company
 amounts included in counteroffers initiated by the Company
 or
 in the absence of current contract negotiations
 amounts determined using a sales comparison approach for real property and amounts determined using a cost approach for personal property. Under the sales comparison approach
 sales and asking prices of reasonably comparable properties are considered to develop a range of unit prices within which the current real estate market is operating. Under the cost approach
 a current cost to replace the asset new is calculated and then the estimated replacement cost is reduced to reflect the applicable decline in value resulting from physical deterioration
 functional obsolescence and economic obsolescence. Appropriate selling costs includes reasonable broker's commissions
 costs to produce title documents
 filing fees


 plant and equipment (&amp;#8220;PP&amp;amp;E&amp;#8221;)
 net consisted of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:99.609375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=73% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Land&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;66
798&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;66
071&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Buildings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
086
690&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
077
859&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
537
241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
502
968&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Autos and trucks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;52
639&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;55
779&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Construction-in-progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;129
701&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;66
926&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment
 gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
873
069&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
769
603&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
690
274&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
617
792&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
182
795&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
151


 except per share data)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
018
065&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
186
817&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
268
048&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
110
435&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
583
365&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;215
106&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;349
476&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;450
265&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;379
148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt;1
393
995&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income attributable to PPC &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;98
117&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;190
360&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;255
983&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;167
188&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#cceeff;&gt;711
648&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income per share amounts - &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.74&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income per share amounts - &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.64&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.74&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Number of days in quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;364&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:99.609375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=21 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=30% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;First&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Second&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Third&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fourth&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=19 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands
 except per share data)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
036
929&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
184
118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
142
816&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
047
285&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
411
148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross profit (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;118
434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;282
507&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;236
573&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;207
925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;845
439&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net loss attributable to PPC &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;54
582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;190
704&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;160
917&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;143
352&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;549
555&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net loss per share amounts - &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;basic and diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.74&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Number of days in quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;364&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;(a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;In the fourth quarter of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;
 the Company recognized expenses related to the shutdown of our Dallas plant of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$0.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and asset impairment charges of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$0.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:99.609375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=21 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=30% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;First&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Second&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Third&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fourth&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=19 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands
 except per share data)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
888
773&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
974
469&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
068
478&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
189
662&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
121
382&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;110
065&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;144
089&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;106
135&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;75
543&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;435
832&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income (loss) attributable to PPC &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;39
173&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;69
357&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;42
931&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22
773&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;174
234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income (loss) per share amounts - &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;basic and diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Number of days in quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;371&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;(a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;In the fourth quarter of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;


 general and administrative expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization of pension and other &lt;br clear=none/&gt;     postretirement plan actuarial losses:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Union employees pension plan(b)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(d)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Cost of goods sold&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Legacy Gold Kist plans(c)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(d)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Selling
 general and administrative expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total before tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;506&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tax benefit (expense)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total reclassification for the period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1

 a qualified defined benefit pension plan covering certain locations or work groups with collective bargaining agreements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;(c)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;The Company sponsors the GK Pension Plan
 a qualified defined benefit pension plan covering certain eligible U.S. employees who were employed at locations that the Company purchased through its acquisition of Gold Kist in 2007
 the SERP Plan
 a nonqualified defined benefit retirement plan covering certain former Gold Kist executives
 the Directors&amp;#8217; Emeriti Plan
 a nonqualified defined benefit retirement plan covering certain former Gold Kist directors and the Retiree Life Plan
 a defined benefit postretirement life insurance plan covering certain retired Gold Kist employees (collectively


 in some cases
 continues to be a party to certain transactions with affiliated persons and our current and former directors and executive officers. Company management has analyzed the terms of all contracts executed with related parties and believes that they are substantially similar to
 and contain terms no less favorable to us than
 those obtainable from unaffiliated parties.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On December 28
 2009
 JBS USA became the holder of the majority of the common stock of the Company. As of December 28
 2014
 JBS USA beneficially owned &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;75.5%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the total outstanding shares of our common stock. &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=62% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;JBS USA:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Letter of credit fees&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
156&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Equity contribution under tax sharing agreement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
849&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;JBS USA
 LLC:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=padding-bottom:10px;padding-top:10px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Purchases from JBS USA
 LLC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;115
337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;80
809&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;69
048&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=padding-bottom:10px;padding-top:10px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Expenditures paid by JBS USA
 LLC on behalf of Pilgrim&amp;#8217;s&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(c)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;31
149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;55
730&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;61
353&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=padding-bottom:10px;padding-top:10px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales to JBS USA
 LLC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;39
682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;61
942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;206
720&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=padding-bottom:10px;padding-top:10px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Expenditures paid by Pilgrim&amp;#8217;s on behalf of JBS USA
 LLC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(c)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
733&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
134&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;JBS Aves Ltda.:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Purchases from JBS Aves Ltda. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
072&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Seara International Ltd.:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Purchases from Seara International Ltd. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
091&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;JBS Chile Ltda.:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales to JBS Chile Ltda.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;463&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;JBS Global (UK) Ltd.:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales to JBS Global (UK) Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;(a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Beginning on October 26
 2011
 JBS USA arranged for letters of credit to be issued on its account in the amount of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$56.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; to an insurance company on our behalf in order to allow that insurance company to return cash it held as collateral against potential liability claims. We agreed to reimburse JBS USA up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$56.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; for potential draws upon these letters of credit. We reimburse JBS USA for the letter of credit costs we would have otherwise incurred under our credit facilities. During 2014
 we have paid JBS USA &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$1.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; for letter of credit costs. As of December&amp;#160;28
 2014

 2010
 the Company entered into an agreement with JBS USA
 LLC in order to allocate costs associated with JBS USA
 LLC's procurement of SAP licenses and maintenance services for its combined companies. Under this agreement
 the fees associated with procuring SAP licenses and maintenance services are allocated between the Company and JBS USA
 LLC in proportion to the percentage of licenses used by each company. The agreement expires on the date of expiration
 or earlier termination
 of the underlying SAP license agreement. On May&amp;#160;5
 2010
 the Company also entered into an agreement with JBS USA
 LLC in order to allocate the costs of supporting the business operations by one consolidated corporate team
 which have historically been supported by their respective corporate teams. Expenditures paid by JBS USA
 LLC on behalf of the Company will be reimbursed by the Company and expenditures paid by the Company on behalf of JBS USA
 LLC will be reimbursed by JBS USA
 LLC. This agreement expires on May 5
 2015.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the outstanding payable to JBS USA was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. As of December 28
 2014
 the outstanding receivable from JBS USA was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the outstanding payable to JBS USA
 LLC was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$4.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the outstanding receivable from JBS USA
 LLC was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$4.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of goods from JBS USA
 LLC were in transit and not reflected on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of December 28
 2014

	

 (ii) price is fixed or determinable
 (iii) collectability is reasonably assured and (iv) delivery has occurred. Delivery occurs in the period in which the customer takes title and assumes the risks and rewards of ownership of the products specified in the customer's purchase order or sales agreement. Revenue is recorded net of estimated incentive offerings including special pricing agreements


 less allowance for doubtful accounts
 consisted of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=73% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trade accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;371
268&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;369
715&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accounts receivable from related parties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
388&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Receivables from officers and employees&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Notes receivable - current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
088&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other receivables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
059&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11
005&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Receivables
 gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;386
665&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;383
122&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
525&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4
056&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Receivables
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;384
140&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;379


 other than income taxes and current maturities of long-term debt
 consisted of the following components:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:99.609375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=73% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Accounts payable:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trade accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;347
107&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;313
266&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Book overdrafts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;47
320&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;55
378&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other payables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
059&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
716&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;399
486&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;370
360&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accounts payable to related parties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
862&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
934&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Accrued expenses and other current liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Compensation and benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;123
495&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100
965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest and debt-related fees&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;780&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
558&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Insurance and self-insured claims&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;85
240&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;99
244&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Futures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
580&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
729&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;79
681&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;73
859&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;311
879&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;283
355&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;716
227&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;657


 beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(45
797&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(45
735&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(68
511&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(68
511&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other comprehensive income (loss) &lt;br clear=none/&gt;     before reclassifications&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(16
810&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;319&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(16
491&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21
713&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21
775&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amounts reclassified from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;accumulated other comprehensive &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;loss to net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(350&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net current year other &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(16
775&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(16
806&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22
714&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22
776&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance
 end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(62
572&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(62
541&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(45
797&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(45


 but they are not registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Often times
 they will be invested in mutual funds or other marketable securities
 but the unit price generally will be different from the value of the underlying securities because the fund may also hold cash for liquidity purposes
 and the fees imposed by the fund are deducted from the fund value rather than charged separately to investors. Some PSAs and CCTs have no restrictions as to their investment strategy and can invest in riskier investments
 such as derivatives
 hedge funds
 private equity funds


 general and administrative expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
533&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
984&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;684&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
928&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
345&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;684&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income tax benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1


403&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(427&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(28
883&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22
867&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26
206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
279&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;State and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24
056&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
512&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(211&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;309
326&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;29
291&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(19
815&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;29
737&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22
923&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(293&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;31
332&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3
648&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(835&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;State and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20
558&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(24
339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;81
627&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5
064&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
165&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;390
953&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24
227&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(20


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Senior notes
 at 7 7/8%
 net of unaccreted discount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;497
757&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013 U.S. Credit Facility (defined below) Term B-1 note payable at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;2.4375%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;204
880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013 U.S. Credit Facility (defined below) Term B-2 note payable at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;9.00%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;205
219&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013 U.S. Credit Facility (defined below) revolving note payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mexico Credit Facility (defined below) with notes payable at TIIE Rate   &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;plus 1.05%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Subordinated Loan Agreement (defined below) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Various&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
377&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;912
233&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Less: Current maturities of long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(262&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(410
234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Long-term debt
 less current maturities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
980&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;501


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;PP&amp;amp;E and identified intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;126
536&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;125
197&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;48
365&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;74
287&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Insurance claims and losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36
953&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;33
625&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;All other current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18
696&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
453&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;All other noncurrent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
105&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;238
655&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;251
593&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net operating losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
842&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20
907&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign net operating losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15
437&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Credit carry forwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
916&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;79
555&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
261&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
510&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;52
772&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;47
384&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;All other current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
755&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12
282&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;All other noncurrent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20
857&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
292&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Workers compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;43
309&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;42
951&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pension and other postretirement benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26
049&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20
364&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;173
634&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;253
682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(9
150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(10
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:44px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;164
484&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;243
282&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;74
171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8


 change in fair value of plan assets
 funded status and amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for these plans were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=53% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Pension Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Other Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Change in projected benefit obligation:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Projected benefit obligation
 beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;170
030&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;194
434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
705&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
933&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
954&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;81&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actuarial losses (gains)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24
670&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(24
315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(12
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(8
043&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Curtailments and settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(248&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(119&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Projected benefit obligation
 end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;190
401&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;170
030&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
657&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
705&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=53% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Pension Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Other Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Change in plan assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets
 beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;108
496&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;92
283&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actual return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
944&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16
489&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Contributions by employer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13
514&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
767&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;119&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(12
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(8
043&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Curtailments and settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(248&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(119&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets
 end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;113
552&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;108
496&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=53% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Pension Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Other Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Funded status:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Unfunded benefit obligation
 end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(76
849&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(61
534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
657&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
705&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=53% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Pension Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Other Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at end of year:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(9
373&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(9
146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(129&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Long-term liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(67
476&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(52
388&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
528&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
557&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:44px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Recognized liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(76
849&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(61
534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
657&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
705&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=53% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Pension Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Other Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:8pt;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Amounts recognized in accumulated other &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:8pt;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;comprehensive loss at end of year:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net actuarial loss (gain)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;43
907&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(Fair values in thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fair values:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commodity derivative assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
889&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commodity derivative liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(22
683&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
728&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign currency derivative assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
563&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash collateral posted with brokers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;25
205&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4




 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; expected to be paid in each of the next five years and in the aggregate for the five years thereafter from our pension and other postretirement plans. Because our pension plans are primarily funded plans
 the anticipated benefits with respect to these plans will come primarily from the trusts established for these plans. Because our other postretirement plans are unfunded
 the anticipated benefits with respect to these plans will come from our own assets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=77% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Pension Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Other &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13
458&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;129&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12
937&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12
502&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11
769&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11
278&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020-2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;52
157&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;627&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;114
101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative assets - commodity futures instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative assets - foreign currency futures instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
563&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
563&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred compensation plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
753&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
753&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative liabilities - commodity futures instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(8
580&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(8
580&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative liabilities - commodity options instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(14
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(14
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Long-term debt and other borrowing arrangements:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Public bonds and notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3
979&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3
979&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Capitalized lease obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(587&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(587&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=17 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=48% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Short-term investments in available-for-sale securities &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;96
902&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;96
902&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative assets - commodity futures instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
494&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
494&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative assets - commodity options instruments &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
395&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
395&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative assets - foreign currency futures instruments &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred compensation plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative liabilities - commodity futures instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
728&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
728&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Long-term debt and other borrowing arrangements:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Public bonds and notes &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(552
592&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(552
592&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Term notes and revolver&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(424
650&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(424
650&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Capitalized lease obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(704&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(704&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=17 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=48% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Term Notes and Revolver&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Capitalized Lease Obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Change in Value of Level 3 Liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance
 beginning of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(424
650&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(686
435&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(704&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Borrowings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(509
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;410
099&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;762
091&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;135&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;124&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Change in fair value inputs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14
551&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;52&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance
 end of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(424


 2013:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trade names&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&amp;#8211;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40
143&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(31
081&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
062&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Customer relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;51
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(27
537&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;23
463&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Non-compete agreements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;91
443&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(58
918&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32
525&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trade names&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&amp;#8211;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40
143&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(32
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
243&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Customer relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;51
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(31
460&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19
540&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Non-compete agreements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;91
443&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(64
660&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26


893&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14
019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11
213&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
197&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
114&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;59


027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;469
395&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;62
332&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;149
364&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;104
545&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;90
730&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
102
391&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;573
940&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;153


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Live chicken and hens&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;363
438&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;368
582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Feed
 eggs and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;198
681&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;216
045&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Finished chicken products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;227
649&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;223
932&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total chicken inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;789
768&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;808
559&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commercial feed
 table eggs and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;537&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;273&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;790
305&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;808


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; are as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=87% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;262&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
611&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;102&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total maturities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4


103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
954&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
272&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;81&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;96&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Estimated return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6
373&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5
393&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5
867&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Settlement loss (gain)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;93&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization of net loss (gain)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;465&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
879&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
562&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2


 for the periods beginning with &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 net sales attributable to each of our primary product lines and markets served with those products. We based the table on our internal sales reports and their classification of product types.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:99.609375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=59% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. chicken:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Prepared chicken&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
787
389&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
046
747&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
239
289&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh chicken&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
703
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
123
087&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
583
854&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Export and other chicken by-products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;620
082&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;715
970&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;817
723&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total U.S. chicken&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
111
464&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
885
804&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
640
866&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mexico chicken&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;900
360&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;864
454&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;758
023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total chicken&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
011
824&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
750
258&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
398
889&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other products:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;535
572&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;614
409&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;608
619&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mexico&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35
969&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;46
481&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;113
874&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total other products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;571
541&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;660
890&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;722
493&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:44px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
583
365&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
411
148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
121


 except per share data)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
018
065&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
186
817&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
268
048&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
110
435&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
583
365&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;215
106&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;349
476&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;450
265&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;379
148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt;1
393
995&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income attributable to PPC &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;98
117&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;190
360&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;255
983&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;167
188&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#cceeff;&gt;711
648&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income per share amounts - &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.74&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income per share amounts - &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.64&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.74&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Number of days in quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;364&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:99.609375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=21 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=30% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;First&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Second&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Third&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fourth&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=19 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands
 except per share data)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
036
929&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
184
118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
142
816&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
047
285&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
411
148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross profit (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;118
434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;282
507&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;236
573&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;207
925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;845
439&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net loss attributable to PPC &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;54
582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;190
704&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;160
917&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;143
352&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;549
555&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net loss per share amounts - &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;basic and diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.74&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Number of days in quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;364&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;(a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;In the fourth quarter of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;
 the Company recognized expenses related to the shutdown of our Dallas plant of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$0.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and asset impairment charges of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$0.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:99.609375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=21 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=30% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;First&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Second&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Third&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fourth&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=19 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands
 except per share data)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
888
773&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
974
469&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
068
478&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
189
662&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
121
382&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;110
065&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;144
089&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;106
135&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;75
543&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;435
832&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income (loss) attributable to PPC &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;39
173&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;69
357&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;42
931&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22
773&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;174
234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income (loss) per share amounts - &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;basic and diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Number of days in quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;371&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;(a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;In the fourth quarter of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;


339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
156&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Equity contribution under tax sharing agreement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
849&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;JBS USA
 LLC:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=padding-bottom:10px;padding-top:10px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Purchases from JBS USA
 LLC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;115
337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;80
809&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;69
048&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=padding-bottom:10px;padding-top:10px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Expenditures paid by JBS USA
 LLC on behalf of Pilgrim&amp;#8217;s&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(c)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;31
149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;55
730&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;61
353&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=padding-bottom:10px;padding-top:10px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales to JBS USA
 LLC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;39
682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;61
942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;206
720&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=padding-bottom:10px;padding-top:10px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Expenditures paid by Pilgrim&amp;#8217;s on behalf of JBS USA
 LLC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(c)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
733&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
134&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;JBS Aves Ltda.:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Purchases from JBS Aves Ltda. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
072&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Seara International Ltd.:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Purchases from Seara International Ltd. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
091&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;JBS Chile Ltda.:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales to JBS Chile Ltda.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;463&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;JBS Global (UK) Ltd.:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales to JBS Global (UK) Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;(a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Beginning on October 26
 2011
 JBS USA arranged for letters of credit to be issued on its account in the amount of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$56.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; to an insurance company on our behalf in order to allow that insurance company to return cash it held as collateral against potential liability claims. We agreed to reimburse JBS USA up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$56.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; for potential draws upon these letters of credit. We reimburse JBS USA for the letter of credit costs we would have otherwise incurred under our credit facilities. During 2014
 we have paid JBS USA &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$1.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; for letter of credit costs. As of December&amp;#160;28
 2014

 2010
 the Company entered into an agreement with JBS USA
 LLC in order to allocate costs associated with JBS USA
 LLC's procurement of SAP licenses and maintenance services for its combined companies. Under this agreement
 the fees associated with procuring SAP licenses and maintenance services are allocated between the Company and JBS USA
 LLC in proportion to the percentage of licenses used by each company. The agreement expires on the date of expiration
 or earlier termination
 of the underlying SAP license agreement. On May&amp;#160;5
 2010
 the Company also entered into an agreement with JBS USA
 LLC in order to allocate the costs of supporting the business operations by one consolidated corporate team
 which have historically been supported by their respective corporate teams. Expenditures paid by JBS USA
 LLC on behalf of the Company will be reimbursed by the Company and expenditures paid by the Company on behalf of JBS USA
 LLC will be reimbursed by JBS USA
 LLC. This agreement expires on May 5


067
408&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
816
246&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
600
206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mexico&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
075
764&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
108
308&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;988
712&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Asia&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;246
141&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;301
545&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;262
455&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;North America&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;80
121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;51
275&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;111
305&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Africa&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;49
810&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;38
809&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;62
642&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Europe&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;44
377&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;73
349&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;79
101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;South America&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18
102&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19
224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13
775&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pacific&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
642&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
392&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
186&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
583
365&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
411
148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
121
382&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:99.609375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=59% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=18% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=18% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Long-lived assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
085
856&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
066
963&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mexico&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;96
939&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;84
848&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
182
795&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
151
811&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;(a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;For this disclosure
 we exclude financial instruments
 deferred tax assets and intangible assets in accordance with ASC 280-10-50-41
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Segment Reporting&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;. Long-lived assets
 as used in ASC 280-10-50-41


 except weighted average fair values)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;RSAs:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Outstanding at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;273&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(173&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Outstanding at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;273&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;RSUs:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Outstanding at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;729&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.81&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;463&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;815&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.89&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Outstanding at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1


056&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;520&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
051&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(a)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
525&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
757&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
668&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
369&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(a)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
056&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
163&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
629&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(223&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(a)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
757&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Trade Accounts and Other Receivables&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Allowance for Sales Adjustments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
089&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;220
123&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;219
787&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(b)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
425&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
152&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;159
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;162
480&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(b)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
089&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
030&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;147
126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;145
004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(b)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
152&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Deferred Tax Assets&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Valuation Allowance:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(c)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;188
354&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(164
180&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(13
774&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(c)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;230
336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(50
455&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
473&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(c)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;188
354&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;(a) Uncollectible accounts written off
 net of recoveries.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;(b) Deductions either written off


 as a producer and seller of chicken products we either produce or purchase for resale in the U.S.
 Puerto Rico and Mexico. We conduct separate operations in the U.S.
 Puerto Rico and Mexico; however
 for geographic reporting purposes
 we include Puerto Rico with our U.S. operations. Corporate expenses are allocated to Mexico based upon various apportionment methods for specific expenditures incurred related thereto with the remaining amounts allocated to the U.S.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales to customers by customer location and long-lived assets are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:99.609375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=52% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=2% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=2% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=2% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Net sales to customers by customer location:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
067
408&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
816
246&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
600
206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mexico&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
075
764&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
108
308&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;988
712&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Asia&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;246
141&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;301
545&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;262
455&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;North America&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;80
121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;51
275&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;111
305&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Africa&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;49
810&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;38
809&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;62
642&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Europe&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;44
377&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;73
349&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;79
101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;South America&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18
102&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19
224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13
775&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pacific&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
642&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
392&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
186&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
583
365&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
411
148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
121
382&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:99.609375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=59% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=18% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=18% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Long-lived assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
085
856&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
066
963&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mexico&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;96
939&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;84
848&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
182
795&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
151
811&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;(a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;For this disclosure
 we exclude financial instruments
 deferred tax assets and intangible assets in accordance with ASC 280-10-50-41
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Segment Reporting&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;. Long-lived assets
 as used in ASC 280-10-50-41
 implies hard assets that cannot be readily removed.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table sets forth
 for the periods beginning with &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 net sales attributable to each of our primary product lines and markets served with those products. We based the table on our internal sales reports and their classification of product types.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:99.609375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=59% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. chicken:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Prepared chicken&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
787
389&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
046
747&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
239
289&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh chicken&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
703
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
123
087&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
583
854&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Export and other chicken by-products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;620
082&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;715
970&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;817
723&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total U.S. chicken&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
111
464&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
885
804&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
640
866&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mexico chicken&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;900
360&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;864
454&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;758
023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total chicken&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
011
824&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
750
258&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
398
889&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other products:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;535
572&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;614
409&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;608
619&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mexico&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35
969&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;46
481&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;113
874&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total other products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;571
541&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;660
890&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;722
493&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:44px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
583
365&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
411
148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
121



	

 Pilgrim's commenced the Rights Offering for stockholders of record as of January 17
 2012 (the &amp;#8220;Record Date&amp;#8221;). The basic subscription privilege gave stockholders the option to purchase &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.2072&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of Pilgrim's common stock
 rounded up to the next largest whole number
 at a subscription price of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$4.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per share for each share of Pilgrim's common stock they owned as of the Record Date. The multiplier was determined by dividing the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;44
444
444&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares being offered in the Rights Offering by the total number of shares owned by all stockholders on the Record Date. Those stockholders that exercised their basic subscription privilege in full also received an over-subscription privilege that afforded them the opportunity to purchase additional shares at the subscription price of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$4.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per share from a pool of the shares left over had all stockholders not elected to exercise their basic subscription privileges in full. JBS USA committed to participate in the Rights Offering and exercise its basic and over-subscription privileges in full. The last day a stockholder could exercise either their basic subscription rights or their over-subscription rights was February 29
 2012. On March 7
 2012
 the Company issued &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;44
444
444&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of common stock to stockholders that exercised their basic subscription privileges and over-subscription privileges under the Rights Offering. Gross proceeds received under the Rights Offering totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$200.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The Company incurred costs directly attributable to the Rights Offering of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; that it deferred and charged against the proceeds of the Rights Offering in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Additional Paid-in Capital&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Company used the net proceeds of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$198.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for additional working capital to improve its capital position and for general corporate purposes. Pilgrim's also used a portion of the net proceeds to repay the outstanding principal amount of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$50.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 plus accrued interest
 of its subordinated debt owed to JBS USA and to repay indebtedness under the U.S. Credit Facility.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following tables provide information regarding the changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss during &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=24 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=33% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Losses Related to Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Unrealized Holding Gains on Available-for-Sale Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Losses Related to Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Unrealized Holding Gains on Available-for-Sale Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance
 beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(45
797&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(45
735&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(68
511&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(68
511&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other comprehensive income (loss) &lt;br clear=none/&gt;     before reclassifications&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(16
810&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;319&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(16
491&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21
713&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21
775&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amounts reclassified from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;accumulated other comprehensive &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;loss to net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(350&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net current year other &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(16
775&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(16
806&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22
714&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22
776&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance
 end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(62
572&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(62
541&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(45
797&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(45

 general and administrative expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization of pension and other &lt;br clear=none/&gt;     postretirement plan actuarial losses:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Union employees pension plan(b)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(d)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Cost of goods sold&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Legacy Gold Kist plans(c)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(d)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Selling
 general and administrative expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total before tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;506&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tax benefit (expense)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total reclassification for the period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1

 a qualified defined benefit pension plan covering certain locations or work groups with collective bargaining agreements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;(c)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;The Company sponsors the GK Pension Plan
 a qualified defined benefit pension plan covering certain eligible U.S. employees who were employed at locations that the Company purchased through its acquisition of Gold Kist in 2007
 the SERP Plan
 a nonqualified defined benefit retirement plan covering certain former Gold Kist executives
 the Directors&amp;#8217; Emeriti Plan
 a nonqualified defined benefit retirement plan covering certain former Gold Kist directors and the Retiree Life Plan
 a defined benefit postretirement life insurance plan covering certain retired Gold Kist employees (collectively
 the &amp;#8220;Legacy Gold Kist Plans&amp;#8221;).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;(d)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;These accumulated other comprehensive loss components are included in the computation of net periodic pension cost. See &amp;#8220;Note&amp;#160;12. Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits&amp;#8221; to the Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;padding-left:48px;text-indent:-48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Special Cash Dividend&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On January 15
 2015
 the Company announced that its Board of Directors had approved the declaration of a special cash dividend of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$5.77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per share. The total amount of the special cash dividend payment will be approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.5 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; based on the current number of shares outstanding. The special cash dividend is payable on February 17
 2015
 to stockholders of record on January 30
 2015.  The Company intends to use proceeds from the 2015 U.S. Credit Facility to fund
 along with cash on hand
 the special cash dividend. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Set forth below is the Condensed Unaudited Pro Forma Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 28
 2014
 which gives effect to the special cash dividend and the borrowings necessary to fund the special cash dividend as if they occurred on December&amp;#160;28
 2014. The assumptions on which the pro forma financial information is based are further described in the Notes to Condensed Unaudited Pro Forma Consolidated Balance Sheet. Management of the Company believes that the assumptions used provide a reasonable basis on which to present the Condensed Unaudited Pro Forma Consolidated Balance Sheet. The pro forma financial information does not purport to be indicative of the financial position that would actually have resulted if the special cash dividend and the related borrowings necessary to fund the special cash dividend had been completed as of such date or that may result in the future. The pro forma financial information should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes thereto
 the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:24px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;PILGRIM&amp;#8217;S PRIDE CORPORATION&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;CONDENSED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=47% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=14% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=14% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=4% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=14% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Special Cash Dividend&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;576
143&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
196
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;267
786&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4
357&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(c)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trade accounts and other receivables
 less &lt;br clear=none/&gt;     allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;378
890&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;378
890&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;790
305&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;790
305&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;139
741&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;139
741&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
885
079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(308
357&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
576
722&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
182
795&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
182
795&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;51
189&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
357&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(c)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;55
546&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
119
063&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(304
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
815
063&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;744
858&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;744
858&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Long-term debt
 less current maturities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
980&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
196
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
199
980&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;76
216&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;76
216&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other long-term liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;97
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;97
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total stockholders&amp;#8217; equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
196
801&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;696
801&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total liabilities and stockholders' equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
119
063&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(304
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
815
063&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The accompanying notes are an integral part of this Condensed Unaudited Pro Forma Consolidated Balance Sheet. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Notes to Condensed Unaudited Pro Forma Consolidated Balance Sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1. Basis of Presentation &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following summary of pro forma adjustments is based on available information and various estimates and assumptions. Management of the Company believes that these assumptions provide a reasonable basis for presenting all of the significant effects of the following transactions and events and that the pro forma adjustments give appropriate effect to those assumptions and are properly applied in the Condensed Unaudited Pro Forma Consolidated Balance Sheet. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:left;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Condensed Unaudited Pro Forma Consolidated Balance Sheet gives effect to the transactions described below: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:12px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:96px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:48px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Payment of a special cash dividend to stockholders of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.5 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 which will be funded by approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$300.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of cash and cash equivalents on hand and proceeds of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.2 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; from additional long-term debt.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:12px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:96px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:48px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Payment and capitalization of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$4.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in financing fees related thereto.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Condensed Unaudited Pro Forma Balance Sheet as of December 28
 2014 gives effect to the transactions as if they occurred on December 28


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Unrecognized tax benefits
 beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17
117&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16
643&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Increase as a result of tax positions taken during the current year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;999&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;978&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Increase as a result of tax positions taken during prior years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Decrease as a result of tax positions taken during prior years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Decrease for lapse in statute of limitations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(619&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(736&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Unrecognized tax benefits
 end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17
396&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17


 reducing our receivables balance to an amount we estimate is collectible from our customers. Estimates used in determining the allowance for doubtful accounts are based on historical collection experience
 current trends
 aging of accounts receivable
 and periodic credit evaluations of our customers&amp;#8217; financial condition. We write off accounts receivable when it becomes apparent
 based upon age or customer circumstances
 that such amounts will not be collected. Generally















































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        



 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Schedule of Property

        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        





















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    














    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    



    
    



    
    



    
    



    
    


    

 Interest Rate



    




    
    


    










    


    
    






    
    

 compensation
 postemployment and benefit-related expenses not elsewhere specified in the taxonomy (such as health plan
 profit sharing
 incentives
 tuition reimbursement



    




    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period



    

 Nonvested Awards



    

 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized



    


    




    


    




    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation



    




    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost



    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost



    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost



    


    
    


    




    

 Noncash Items



    




    


    




    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    

 which represents the amount due from tax authorities for refunds of overpayments or recoveries of income taxes paid



    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    





 Plant



    
    


    
    


    

 Plant



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    














    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    






    

 Notes



    








    
    









 Measurements


 Measurements









    
    


    

 Inputs












 Long Lived







    
    


    
    


    


    

 Plant and Equipment




 plant and equipment

    
    




    




    
    
    


    

 Including Discontinued Operation
 Assets



    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



    
    



    
    


    




    
    
    


    

 Extraordinary Items



    
    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    




















    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Balance Sheet Grouping


 Balance Sheet Grouping



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    
    


    
    


    


    
    



    


    


    
    
    


    




    

 Trade



    
    
    


    

 Other



    




    

 Related Parties



    
    
    


    




    




    




    
    
    


    




    




    
    

 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations



    




    








    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    










    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    


    




    




    
    


    




    
    
    


    


    




    
    








    
    



    
    
    


    
    



    
    



    
    



    
    



    
    



    
    



    
    



    
    



    
    



    
    


    



 option to purchase shares of common stock

    
    



 option to purchase shares of common stock

    
    




    
    



 Shares


 Shares





    
    




    






    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Dividends
 Per Share



    




    


    




    
    


    

 Expected Future Benefit Payments



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payments



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payments



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payments



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payments



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payments



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payments



    
    






    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    










    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    





 Plant and Equipment






 Assumptions
 Closing Costs

    








    





 Unrealized Holding Gain (Loss) on Securities Arising During Period






 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Net Unamortized Gain (Loss) Arising During Period



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    








    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    



    
    



    
    



    
    



    
    



    
    


    




    


    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures



    


    
    


    
    














    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    








    





 Net



    


    




    





 plant and equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    

 Net (Including Goodwill) and Other Assets


 Net (Including Goodwill) and Other Assets



    
    


    








    

 Net



    




    




    
    


    
    






    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    

 Deferred Tax Asset
 Increase (Decrease)



    




    
    








    










    
    
    


    
    



    

 Gain (Loss)



    
    
    


    
    



 if recognized

    


    




    




    
    

 plant



    




    
    
    


    

 Gross



    

 Gross



    




    




    

 Operating Loss Carryforwards



    

 Operating Loss Carryforwards



    




    

 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals



    

 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals



    

 Gross



    

 Gross



    

 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits



    
    
    


    




    


    




    




    
    


    

 Notes



    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    




    
    


    




    




    




    




    




    




    



































 Shares






 Shares



    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    


    


    
    








    




    




    







 Maximum Annual Contributions Per Employee






 Employer Matching Contribution






 Maximum Annual Contributions Per Employee



    




    
    





 Amortization Expense






 Amortization Expense






 Amortization Expense






 Amortization Expense






 Amortization Expense



    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    














    

 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Adjustment
 before Reclassification Adjustments



    

 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Adjustment



    

 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Adjustment
 Net of Tax







    
    



    
    



    
    



    
    



    
    



    
    



    
    
    


    
    

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan



    
    
    


    
    




    
    




    

 Gain (Loss) on Derivative



    





 net of tax of $19
 $0 and $0


 Unrealized Holding Gain (Loss) on Securities Arising During Period




 net of tax of $(10
173)
 $13
774 and $0


 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Net Unamortized Gain (Loss) Arising During Period



    




    

 Net of Tax



    

 Net of Tax



    

 Net of Tax



    
    


    
    








    
    



    
    



    
    



    


    


    
    



    
    



    
    



    
    



    
    



    
    



    
    



    
    





 Operating Leases





















    




    
    
    




    
    


    

 Damages Awarded



    

 Damages Sought



    


    
    


    








    
    
    


    
    




    


    




    






    


    

 Income Taxes
 Extraordinary Items



    
    


    


    
    


    


    




    




    
    


    




    
    


    


    








    
    



    
    



    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    



    
    
    


    
    





 Redemption Price



    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    






    
    


    
    
    



 Periodic Payment
 Principal


 Periodic Payment
 Principal


 Periodic Payment
 Principal





    
    


    





 quarterly installments of principal

    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


















    
    
    


    










    


    








    




    
    

 if longer) from tax authorities as of the balance sheet date representing refunds of overpayments or recoveries based on agreed-upon resolutions of disputes



    

 Net



    




    


    
    

 represents the net amount of deferred tax assets (after reduction for valuation allowance) and liabilities as of the balance sheet date
 which result from applying the applicable enacted tax rate to net temporary differences and carry forwards pertaining to assets or liabilities that are classified as current in the financial statements
 or that are expected to reverse in the next twelve months (or normal operating cycle
 if longer). A temporary difference is a difference between the tax basis of an asset or liability and its carrying amount in the financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles that will reverse in ensuing periods. In a classified statement of financial position
 an enterprise separates deferred tax liabilities and assets into a current amount and a noncurrent amount. Deferred tax liabilities and assets are classified as current or noncurrent based on the classification of the related asset or liability for financial reporting. A deferred tax liability or asset that is not related to an asset or liability for financial reporting
 including deferred tax assets related to carry forwards



    










    


    


    




    
    

 net of the carrying amount due within one year of the balance sheet date (or one operating cycle



    

 Net



    


    


    


    
    


    
    



 $.01 par value
 50
000


 Value




 $.01 par value
 800
000
000 shares authorized; 259
029


 Value



    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    



 Measurements


 Measurements



    

 Inputs



    

 Inputs



    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    

 Assets Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation







    


    


    








    




    




    

 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate






 State and Local Income Taxes



    
    
    


    

 Deduction
 Qualified Production Activity



    

 Foreign Income Tax Rate Differential



    

 Tax Credit



    
    
    


    

 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance



    

 Other Adjustments



    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
















    




    


    




    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    
    

 sinking fund requirements



    
    

 vesting conditions
 settlement methods



    




    










    




    
    


    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    







 Plant and Equipment



    

 Finite-Lived



    
    
    


    




    
    


    




    




    




    

 Credit Risk



    




    







 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Net Gains (Losses)



    
    




    






    
    




    
    








    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    








    

 Net of Tax















    

 Value



    




    


    
    


    

 Value
 Share-based Compensation



    

 Shares
 Share-based Compensation



    

 Share-based Compensation



    




    






    
    



 unrealized holding gain (loss) on securities arising during period




 pension and other postretirement benefit plans


 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans



    
    


    
    


    
    


















    
    


    
    


    




    


    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    



    
    



    
    


    

 at Fair Value
 Net



    


    


    

 Collateral



    
    



    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    

 in Transit



    
    






    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    




    
    


    




    




    
    







 Measurements



    




    










    


    




    




    








    








    




    




    

 Purchases
 Sales







    










    




    




    

 Liabilities



    


    
    



    


    

 Gross



    

 Related Parties



    




    

 Loans and Financing Receivable
 Gross



    

 Gross





    

 if longer) from outside sources
 including trade accounts receivable
 notes and loans receivable



    






    

 if longer) from outside sources
 including trade accounts receivable
 related party accounts receivable
 as well as any other types of receivables



    
    


    
    


    






    


    


    
    


    


    




    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    


    




    
    


    

 Consolidation
 Basis of Presentation



    
    


    
    












    




    




    




    








    
    


    


    


    
    



 plant and equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    

 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant




 plant and equipment



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Goods



    
    


    
    








    
    










































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 image0.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@$!+`$L``#_[@`.061O8F4`9``````!_^$`+D5X:68`

M='1P.B\O;G

M[[N_(B!I9#TB5S5-


M35`@0V]R92`T+C(N
BUC
#8S(#4S+C
U
C8R-P@,C`P.\P-R\S


N;W)G+S$Y.3DO
#(O








C`Q
TP-TR
E0P.3HT.3HQ-BTP-#HP
#PO





M:UI*4F=!0D%G14)


M



M04%!:V1'5FIA04%!0D1!04%!04UC;%)347=!04)$=T%!06=-6C%24PT*47=!
M04)$=T%!06=-66Q24U%W04%1'=!04%G361'5C1D04%!04%1&(S0C5C;6QN
M84A19TM'37!)1$4U3U1G9U-'5C-B1U8P9$


M4C!C1&]V3#-D

M0FIB
GAV9%A)9V
S0FA9

GAV9%A)9V
S
M0FA9


M0WA36E=:;&-M5G59



M04%!04%,F%75C-!04%!04%!5'!0-$%&1CAU04)$4`T*1D%!1#=C=T%0DU
M04%.8VYG04%!04995U9O9T%!04%!04)-0U99055!04%!1F-F-3(Q;%E834%!
M04%!04%!04%104%!04%!04%!00T*04%!04%!04%!04%!04%+4$%!04%!;DYP
M6GE!04%!04%1
4I524=.
6-N64%!04%!04%!14%!04%!055!0V=!4$%44%'
M44%E04--00T*2T%!=$%$24%.=T$W045!05)10DM!13A!5D%6D%&-$%9=T)O



4)C548Q45AL0F99


VA
:%EU5$
V0TQR8W4W:3AK3#%O=FM3+TA
+S1W


D4O

'I(56]D658Q-%A9*V1P=#(K
M2&179#=.-$58:'5E37@U2VYM2F5E9#92;G%L97=2-UDS=D-F0T8X9UAZ:&95




T

M64I#=V='0F=G3$1!;TM#=V]+1$)!341!=TU$07=11$$T4$5!.$]$0DU41D)1

%E%0D%91VA54D92


M35)!9B]%06%)04%!04A!44505%%04%!04%!04%!04%11@T*07=)1T%104A#
M06M+0W=%04%G241!44505%%04%!04%!04%!05%!0T%W4499V-)0U%O3$5!
M04-!44U$06=10T)G8T104E'06Y-0@T*06=-4D)!049)4DEX459%1T4R16EC

M+U!%
4]4

61N9#1E6`T*


M06A%1$)#15--545&55).:$EG6GAG6D5Y;V)(=T9-2%(T4TY#1E9*:6-V17I*
M1%)$9VAA4U5Y5VE9-TQ#0C-04PT*3F5*16=X9%5K=V=*0VAG6DIJ6D9':61K
M9$95






'4W

VM$=W=X


M-D(O2F(X-DHW

FAM63E84#=
9G1D1'8Q

M=$DY4G1/1$AX;'0R;W@O-$-236AQ;RMQ
U`Y;$TO1F=L1MB3#=$*S!&-]M
M33E1.6DO-7AO
3)A
S@P

'0R
M;EDR:4=P

DI%8V%T3$LW

M0PT*1&EP1G9:4%!'=2\T

45W3DQ89DEF

M8F=8

F-9
$MF






M4U9!4B]W3E1L3V
Q074T-T%X.%=S:#579FM(;3
O3TUN;'`U3E$Q4'I(2W8W



3$U:SAU

M



M=GEQ+S9V;B]!138S;B]62$(K66@S=&XK:#=7+WI0.$%:4B]7.'8X07HR+TY(

#599T=29453+W9546XW8D4P.7-X





E)I
M-4-**T5P9F9A:3

M;&U085!262]O:69H10T*1#E)4E9V.$$X-'8V-G=(
6Y7-U=--S$Y3TM35&9T
M


]P=C))
M1V8O;D9U.%=V


#
W
M171M+W=#8UIV3V-

M55%W

M
$0W
7-(+T]0175P5$

2]5




4UK66MC=V=30C5)
TEP9&ER

T1(=%0O3&9Y2'%D9G)M9S)4
M33




4U-M3#5/
M3FLQ55EM=6).=DI(;FI14$]M:`T*2G)/:7ES.75736

M3$%':$(R3DM:5&MX;4)O=#)024II=VQ0;5@X-2]W071F3&LX
7)Q5W129EAB

#@U8V=W;FYH2&U736534#A!

Y=6U!;6(P

M9&AL=513;45


M*V-T=%
Q:3


@T**R](5R]2.%8P9C$O0CEE4WEX47A0





M6F1-64%%;&YI
4%M4T%'25@O.$%Z;'(U8W1P2DE5.'8S-75):7E34E1V1D56


D5/:F%8

M3V5:+W=$;@T*2W)Y.6%A:BMJ+TQ/;%
V-4E815
S3'EF5F]N8VUG.4U&2DAC
M5CA1=5=1

M87!%2%=72#!N:&-X:V5O14Q34E-+.&)-3CEJ=4-$;&5N=WEL=D4P43):.'-9


U

0DA0350W9G4T
B](3$)P8V@V

24DW2S1H4S535U@Y
D)(26]D4S-+;DA9



M:2M9.4EH
6I28FHV


X84MX=5I)




M+SA!2V$V3B]W0G
P9CA!2BM42C9$-E0W
D=T*V]E-0T*02\X04]+14Q39FU8

B]W0T-Y5W4K:C1O
%@Q+T)K
R]/5C-N=2]J=7)(

161#4U!$2SE$:4@Q1G
Q


M8UE&.#-.


%=82DEM:6)P
M
U=/15%

3GAG

T]Q4W@S5W!-5TM)23=C








CAX0CE/2WIT=TDO6&9W56=C+VTQ0G52;31H5PT*




S%Z9&%4*S=(-#9U;C%8.3178B]W1$])6]+4BM94M93TPO
M:S=L1W8X07!$9&]E6F955V%X

M2VI

&)G

M0WA787-F9&UM22\T:6-O

M3D0T64Y$34=.2C%S1'A7=PT*8CAL+WI%=]);FY.9%5V26YM,#8V9V5Z=FQJ
M,V19,UI81'%P24)+=D=0;W)L*V]X8V-A2$YP,M89VQB



Q-5$K
M;F)W
2M*
V)P5VQE23=N8DUZ3&Q%0EIC5$9I37I19F5T;F%W
F1P0F%13'AG

M

M+WEZ0S$X='=(33!)
@T*2F915UE$;E!#=CA!;DQN+T%*47)2=CA!='!$+T%*
M35-:;F%$-FHW;D
Q=C!J
%4O36YC-6]-:W)K4S<V07%)1#4R+S5Y*W1B9&1B.'584V]8U
R
7A(2DHS

M9C576#)L3G`S-@T*070W549E360Q8D%X

M:T)U

&U84G1E
4Q32EA%:W5M

D1.0DDP6@T*
M22M:6$XQ0U9G2'9D4DM.16@Y4F9K3'!O.#)F:VA.;T]P
TYX2%I'-G5
4&QB
M4#9C;V=00U5X.'E'
DQ334-01&)P;7(Q4C1-=&@R5PT*;4A&:F]R+T]J84(K
M4F8U9F-02V1Q1S%N5EIX8G@S
3%X;&U:9W)-6EI306ES23$R5D%!=%0P-C%C


54T.#DS
M
'0K5W8U;39:-38X=%

%%34'=L0@T*05I&
M5F@X4D


M

E
Y2'-V*V-C=GED
'E65&1W4S-4:C1L
M5SAU
`T*:#98;W5I-DQO.6=L;F\Y;D)9
E$K

M3%=G=G!%



M;B]N340O:G!E5U`K34XS+W=!4PT*:7I:841K6%AA-VU'2F8X04]
+R]!2DY7
M

M3S
Y1U=
2'!V25




T
M

4)I-590=R]&



2SA2





M

$%T=THT6GEK5%0R1]N1VI1=DYN;&DQ
6I24`T*34=J
U=N:31L4S=T

G)N4$556&9G,DAZ3]W035E
V%T-6HX=@T*

M9R]4-E=B3%%$
&PQ




9FPR=W9*3`T*



M9E1M87@R3'-69&ER-6TX

V1U8F
S


#E
3V-I950P4#AM
M=GE6
4@X=DY1=C=U8E=O-RM++VA32PT*4S%3
TUD2%)U4W5*1$DS4W)#;DAE

#5X;FUM
VU8.&IV279M9GI08V599&5J=6(V-6Y%8696



O-4TK4C$X9S9B

M24)O0G4P*T-00T-29'



M

M;$AZ:EDK6E!
*W(S2VDQ6GA.6EAI2DU*235584XQ16MF;VQA0G%Q4T1U37-N



UIC
M
T=05EDV070Q33E.:W-M;G

&US3E1S.5%K:VQT




2XP+W-4
&UL;G



M34TZ26YS=&%N8V5)1#YX;7`N:6ED.D(V
$
Y-3E%1$
R
C8X
3$Y-T$U0T$Y
M0D%!



M96YT240^=75I9#HU1#(P.#DR-#DS0D9$0C$Q.3$T03@U.3!$
S$U
#A#.#PO
&UP34TZ4F5N9&ET:6]N0VQA<W,^#0H)0D\


C(V.#$Q.3=!-4-!




M
C=&
3$W-#`W
C`V.#$Q.3$P.3E#
T(V






M=#IP87)A;7



3A$-$5$
C0V0C-!1$(Q

#`X




M=$5V=#IC:&%N9V5D/@T*0D)0D\+W)D9CIL:3X-@D)0D)/')D9CIL:2!R


M-50R
CHU
SHS
RTP-SHP




M:&5N/@T*0D)0D)/'-T179T.G-O9G1W87)E06=E;G0^061O8F4@26QL=7-T




M+FEI9#I&-S=&
3$W-#`W
C`V.#$Q0D1$1$9$
SA$
$-&


M9SX-@D)0D)0D)/')D9CIL:3XO/]R9&8Z;&D^#0H)0D)0D)/]R9&8Z
M0F%G/@T*0D)0D)/]S=$5V=#IC:&%N9V5D/@T*0D)0D\+W)D9CIL:3X-


M:&5N/C(P
#@M
#4M
394
3`Z-#`Z-3DM

#`\+W-T179T.G=H96X^#0H)




#@M
M
#4M
394
3$Z
C8Z-34M







M0D)/'-T179T.G=H96X^,C`P.TP-2TQ-E0Q
3HR.3HP
2TP-SHP












3$W-#`W
C`V.#$Q
M0D1$1$9$
SA$
$-&




3HS
M
3HR
BTP-SHP






M0U



#@M
#4M
394
3
Z

M




M0D)0D)/')D9CIL:3XO/]R9&8Z;&D^#0H)0D)0D)/]R9&8Z0F%G/@T*

M:6YS=&%N8V5)1#YX;7`N:6ED.D(T
S
V-CA#
38R
#8X
3%1$1$1D0S.$0P
M0T8R-$1$/]S=$5V=#II;G-T86YC94E$/@T*0D)0D)/'-T179T.G=H96X^
M



M-S0P-S(P-C@Q


T/]S=$5V=#IS;V9T=V%R94%G96YT/@T*0D)






3$W-#`W
C`V.#$Q.3=#
4)&
31$

M








E0Q
SHR.#HP
2TP
M-SHP






M;7`N:6ED.D9&-T8Q


#8X
3%-C(X13-1C(W0SA#-#%/]S=$5V
M=#II;G-T86YC94E$/@T*0D)0D)/'-T179T.G=H96X^









3`R1$1$
3$X
4(U.30P-S!#14(X
M.$0Y/]S=$5V=#II;G-T86YC94E$/@T*0D)0D)/'-T179T.G=H96X^,C`P
M.TP-2TR.%0Q-CHT-3HR-BTP-SHP








#8X
3$Y
#DX
M0C`Y-T9$03
Y0D5&/]S=$5V=#II;G-T86YC94E$/@T*0D)0D)/'-T179T
M.G=H96X^,C`P.TP-BTP
E0Q
SHR-3HR-2TP-SHP













3$W-#`W
C`V.#$Q04-!1D(X1$$X
M


M#0H)0D)0D)/]R9&8Z0F%G/@T*0D)0D)/]S=$5V=#IC:&%N9V5D/@T*


M/@T*0D)0D)/'-T179T.G=H96X^





3@Q.$

M0S

#`X






D
R
C8X
3$Y
M-T$U0T$Y0D%!




S-$0C(R-C@Q

T




T1,C(V.#$Q.3=!-4-!.4)!03!$-C5

M=#IC:&%N9V5D/@T*0D)0D\+W)D9CIL:3X-@D)0D)/')D9CIL:2!R9&8Z


S1$(R
C8X
3$Y-T$U0T$Y0D%!




M1D-%044U
S-$0C(R-C@Q






M





M/'-T179T.G=H96X^
C`Q
TP-TR
E0P.3HT


S-$0C(R-C@Q
3DW035#


M0U




M=$5V=#IC:&%N9V5D/@T*0D)0D\+W)D9CIL:3X-@D)0D)/')D9CIL:2!R


M=$5V=#II;G-T86YC94E$/@T*0D)0D)/'-T179T.G=H96X^
C`Q
TP-TR
M
E0P.3HT.2TP-#HP




#$P+3`T+3(R5#`Y.C0Y.C$V






N861O8F4N

N861O



M:6TZ=SXQ
2XP
#`P

#`P
M
#`\+W-T1&EM.F@^#0H)0D)/'-T1&EM.G5N:70^26YC:&5S/]S=$1I;3IU







C`U/]X;7!'.G)E9#X-@D)




#`P
#`\+WAM




M=64^


^#0H)0D)3PO


M87)Y(#DN


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@



`````````$G-21T(@
M245#-C$Y-C8M

V
3DV-BTR+C$`````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`%A96B````````#S40`!`````1;
6%E:(`````````````````````!865H@
M````````;Z(``#CU```#D%A96B````````!BF0``MX4``!C:6%E:(```````

M```````````````N245#(#8Q.38V+3(N
2!$969A=6QT(%)'0B!C;VQO=7(@

M-C$Y-C8M
BXQ``````````````````````````````````!V:65W```````3




C@RG#
`
V0SS#0T-)@U`#5H-=`V.

081!^$)L0N1#7$/41$Q$Q$4\1;1&

M$L
2XQ
#$R
30Q-C$X
3I!/%$^44!A0G%$D4:A2+%*T4SA3P%1(5-!56%7@5







.

Y%$D5519I%WD8B1F=&JT;P









MIOVG;J?@J%*HQ*DWJ:FJ'*J/JP*K=:OIK%RLT*U$K;BN+:ZAKQ:OB[``L'6P


#LP6?!X\)?PMO#6

M1L;#QT''O\@]R+S).LFYRCC*M\LVR[;

MT;[2/]+!TT33QM1)U

*^!GXJ/DX^<?Z5_KG^W?\!_R8_2G]NOY+_MS_;?___]L`0P`!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`@(
M`@(`@(`@(#`P
#`P
#`P
#_]L`0P$!`0$!`0$`0$`@(!`@(#`P
#`P
#
M`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#_\``
M$0@%?`D^`P$1``(1`0
1`?_$`!\````&`@


11!
B
5
M5%%F$D
;GZ.GJ
M]/7V]_CY^O_$`!\!```&`P$!`0````````````8%!`,'`@@!0`*__$`+41
M``(!`P($!`,%!`0$!@8%;0$`Q$$(1(%
W
MQ]?G]TA8:'B(F*BXR-CH^#E)66EYB9FIN<G9Z?DJ.DI::GJ*FJJZRMKJ^O_:
M``P#`0`$0

















`+WO;W(-O.ES;QW
?]G(BL
M/L8`C^1ZP0W_`&:[Y=WV]Y?OQ2_L;N:WD%*4DAD:-Q3RHRG'2L]O=%/7O?NO



























































MX74U3K39]PAUV6ZVS_\`A-?VU]ULWY*]%5=2X.#W+M'M?`TC-J65-S8RHVCN
MJ:);7C^U?:F'#?AO.+?0WF/VNO*P76WL?A=9!_MAI;_CJ_MZY*_WE7*7A;UR

M?:3CI596-[N5VEAMT

O5464






D=/1;4W'DYMA;PJZN32/M*':N^Z;


S6L4I

MZE'JY/\`D0]M?Z-/Y@VRMNU%1]OC.YMC[[ZPK7DET4R57\+CW[@RZ%@'J*K.
M;&IZ.$@%@]786#
































M^Q1D_;P'F1U*/MG[





M8ZI-N)1[$&U\T;YM!`M)W




MZIO\WT



DT']^=UT(B5E)62CQ59#(NF87


MAVO?RIW
/(_2P-J(.1)/ZFJ=:;/N$.NRW7O?NO=]\?^SJGI7O7ISMZE:02


MOG?.X

?I


M6




























-4];DLE7RP4E)3QW`U.P!)`')`]M330VT33W


2UIL`HO`S
./^D4\/]
PKZ*








5(RI^[']V/

+S3[7`_N^Z/EXR_\=ZX^


























MRTZ5^&_5N0[6[KW*
3C$

M5!XKUH6B@&?I[?4*^&A+/13

P.*QF#PM!28K#87'T6)Q.+H((Z:AQN
QU-




S-J/#-
P'Z3[G#VRO
M/%VF:R)[H9JCY+(

3&GQ3V4I#M7S/@
MW%LM/(*/7K8?]R5USNZ][]U[JM+^91_





@DK
A/$




























M'#G^P-TQTXF3&T3O'




\M+M

MDDGKOW[3^TG)GLSRG'RER9;^';`ZYIGHT]S
11IIW`&IC2BJ`$C6B1JJ@#H*




M\0X?TOX6H:?:?\AS^8SN
QC



M1V)&M1JN`2`&)O#[7[HW^Y%S;I_I0[?X0G46[O\`WDWMI`#^XN7]\N2.'CM:
MVP/_`#CENB
_(XS3R!I-H_\`:;KZD,+;]^5N\L^OI-1#M'K#;1/+(6CAJL

-AY4L


M&(QLF1EQ^
AFE:2.@H9
O7Y7*R4E(C!(S4U51.54:Y':[&-6(9BP`4$\!6@^

M9&I8`D04=!2R2-8$V7@$^Q]--';PO/
0L**68GR`%2?R'6#6T;3N._;K;;'M

:_%)+*X2-%^;
P`^WKYN/S

]]S3T^[L_+%M
M/#5

MNT?PH
*/R''U-3Y]?25[


O

M_=\YC]_.;QMEKXEKRC:%6O[W358D/**O:US+0B-#4*-4K@HA#:/=W=W9OR
M*[-W1V]V]NBMW;OG=M::O)9*K.BE@3T4.'P]EJ;$8+$4P6DI(%6&%0JC


URT6@@Z=/O(7V^@\'EB)


































Y?)5#U5?DLE7U


CJ%_O`^Z
M]M[


M2-!'&`$4``#@`


MQGY*J3'M7.UA`)`)X)`Y]G7+MY^[]\M;LFB+
H8_T6.EO^





M]?-?[]\Q#FOWJYIWY&UP3;Y=K&WK#%*T
)_YQ1ICRX5/'HVWLYZB/KWOW7NO


























=^;VWO@K\=
WV1(N/RW96Y)9-I]/[1K
!EJ6VUM.B#5V08&-9`D5*)8YJJ%O8=YGWZ/E_;&NL&Z;



OF
G4/
M4UM94R`*@
R;3RUL

MG9.[-NX#:NZ
[@

MJI]K-505$


LEO;/1IU[W[KW7O?NO


MV6?
R-&VBJH9
'

T

M\;







KYU?)*3Y5_)WLGM:BB^PV1_



KY4=:=+115:

B-ANL]M2T]9NFH%3%=Z.KRR/%BJ*:Q5
CD*?4--_9[RYM#[

M?B6.C3R+Q


E


=31T=



@:6F\2



G'2SX[;N.@P.=R4XR%:\--3U44.ITO




E5




\9X^OM)SQN







M221ZN?:%?_E-=L+
3&9W\UK4LLQ5ZJEJ@H7V*-AYLW78'0MXEE7
3$Z?\`





























M4DDW'F?GN8#Q(H+:PB/G25FN+@?+
-J1ZU-:4%=3Y59FJS
0JJH)9F)L``





MDJ*B4R5%3
S2RN\C

?
N_\W[S

M/QDZ1I:DI!C




M:720


M`);O\]/;_9




























LGQ/HC@MTBB509)G)

M614V3BJY!_&-P4=1R
Y6PK/&\:-1P4;!WF&7+/(]GLVF\OM
^Y#(/X(S_1!X












]G]T([


MAP^[-H[GQE+F=O;DP&0ILIALSBZV

`5(


'M?.-V'N.DE!(\

DGK
:2^@'1K8C


T
1@XX@6
MD-PH`9;`W``!7+S=S+-\=Y
/]+1?^.@=29MOW5/N[[4`MKRGM;@?[^62X\@



M^C-M7_9);_\`6OJ90?(;O[%U*5N
[R[AQU9&'6.KH.S-Z4=2BR*4D5)Z?-QR

B[UVSN!9G99
MCK9PS2




/]VEM
BM)

!VQW=FDH)]#+#-#I%/
0OPX9P?GK'_A0;\$]YBE@WS2]O=/UCE$K:




M%
G_`!B



]&MYO

M@I


S$Y+
Q)).237I



























I64^/QV/HZ=#)/5UM




A&#VVJJ]SJH13Q8XD)QK%#2C/O?


M*-#]#:GU!2)GN33@&%TE1DK4XIU[C^67R8^04LS=S]Y]F]ATDSB0X7/[LRDF

;



KX\/3+U/\`(GLK`XND\0@VQE






(IS^&7L/V5)T$_(






MPNG%1'-#;RHQQP9VE`K7X#FF!0G[COK/CK=F_D(?#W_0E\:ZWY#;NQ?V_8?R

F.+#5#[G?V[V7Z#:S




M=7+_`
IC^9_G/A5OJ#JWLZNK

M/#$
U0KK\M/']Q3H:F

OO:

M+'(I22.1&*NCHP#*Z

M^2.&KV[LF:CW5N*0
LBR9&;#&-ETM3RJUQ&F\^Y=O%6'98_$?_`'Y)4+_M
M5PQ_
K]AZZ+^TO\`=U;]N7A[K[Q;@-OM3I/T-DR2W!&5FN2&@B(R(5N:@U
U%OR)L]I9W&G2]QI\2ZDQ0^)<R:YF!R=&L1J2=*#3HKGLHZE+KWOW7N





M89/XTJR?:5^)?RU_EUSC]UO[NKFG9UEW3VDW%-VLE!865V4@NP

MDUD%H`






6K%+F)U=&'%64AE8?,$
M`CKYAO=_6F0Z9[E[7ZCRHD_B'678V]-AU,DBV-0VU-Q9'+6(?TR05L=$)8W

























M\\/Y[O3G0LV;ZV^

4WHRV^D#<;A#0_`ZE;1&'!YE:7'^X^DA^M2KY_*/OOY4[

A/'2;=VY33




.Y*DH!K)K%[77A_M[N)?]*C-_A*]1CN?

MA61C5_P;IO%8(3Q%FT)3BN[&W']K(JV!9O

MCNWJFC!/G@H]N[




M00B9

X'S'_`#IJV_O

.CBS_O+N9$_
MY*'*EC+W#^SO98NWS'=;S9XT;@/X33(+;G_X32]@TD;G9GRQV=GY0!XTW/U3
MF]HQNWAE8AY

K_@9NAKM?]Y?



8.#CA4D'9'\KO^
:]J21C0+=.]BQ/D`+U

=7BLUCJO%9*ED!*E*FAKH8*J!
MPRD690;CV021R1



MS'7-G?=@WSEC=9MBYCM+FQWFW;3)!/&T4J&E1J1P&%000:48$$$@@]*WV]T4


.YV



_?=IVWE-Y!R9M]C'-I8%2U[=1H\X<8J;5ML,$5;@QLT<@)N



M8/F.M\3^3M_



M_?&^[Y_K

2F/PF#QE

;




V=)_\)LL+#'35_R
^1F2KYF\1J]K

<A+U_VI[?V+UBAS?\`?%^\/SB62?F&?;[1JTCV]$L]-?X9
MHE%S]FJ=B/*AZL2VKLO9VQ,7'@]D;3VULW0V\6'VK@L7M[%Q6O;QX_$4M'2


M1XYFB)%]=K$ARY]PN6H





-U[V`*3HSOFM\-'!M





MSEH+J*S$9JCBK:0S0M^[25D22^.HIY`LM/.CQ2*KHRC)VUN8;VV2[MFU02*&























MGIX)I:*=JFCDEBCDDI*EZ:HHVJ*9W4M!.U)5RQ%TLQCE=;Z6(.B`:$C(X?X/

M'IO3X\92KII
E6




6!IV!)N6].D%7WN3OEQ5;-8K=/*@UM^UJK_Q@=9C


M7



K3M_MI#T6_V




M=G=0;UP6_MC;@B
F-S^`JUJ:?S1A?NL=7P
$K
5F




/2TQJ
QLO;-+VQAF52\D$

MK)7[H7.`Y























MGW[K8!)H









MYR=]?!_L`;TZ?W#KPN3EIDWMUQG9*JKV-OF@@86BS&*BGA--E::
L*3)4S15

P.H<]64[;PV;4LT4$M7#H6!-R[2GJI56DR]+&(91(B3QTM5Y*
M6.?]@YDV_F&W\2U.FY4=\9/<O_02^C#'K0X'SWS^[YSY[#[]^[^9(OJ.7YW




^-R%/JL=/FI*EUO8VO[;EC2:)H9
QNI!^PBAZ6[9N%UM&XV^ZV+:+V




.
MVZ\:`:K;CQE-EL;+(D<DJ13FEJU$B:B4<%2;CWE);7$5W;QW4!K#(@93\F%
M1U\T/
6P[GRMO][RUO
?A;MM]U+;S)GMEA=HW`J!4:E-#3(H?/I8^W^B;KWO























.3*8GL#L6HVIUMD79!U+UP:K:NQFHP


MG[!UU5]I/NN^S_LZL5WR_MRW?






M




MA8.:S?FW























M'?F5_


_=Y]R



R3



MND4^$]







H_X_UU

























M5).``/
].P03W4Z6MJCR7
CA41069F8T5545+
Q(``!))H
]:QG\Q#^?5C=N

14#_FF#AO]



SG


MLKFFA^)-H[&D




M;EJ)&E``!\4DCL0D42#+R2
J*.)'6D-_
@_FX]M_-G(Y/KS8SYCJSXUT]:PH





M!A-V;4S.3V[N;;65H
[M_/X:LGQV6PV9Q=3%6X[)XVNIGCJ*2MHJN%)(Y$8
_6WTUT0NZQ+W
M#AK'#6H_X\!P.1@BG3[V7W8KWV/YA_K#RVDDWMEN
Q$#]S&SE:K?1S
2210


FOB9E62]%D'])(!^E_;%U;I=VT
MEK)_9RQLA^Q@0?Y'H[Y:WV\Y6YCV_F;;L;AMU[!=19I^I;RK*F?+N09Z^8!N














M^85\C






















MJ^'/3.XNY^V












M+LC%2Y7




/U3URE4)\?LG:TE0)/WGB2*'



M58`WN)LT+
JJ.Z]M%JTEL:9:6/NEMN)+:X0*S!DWF597565@RL`RLI!5E(N&



M4\:R4X


MOE_X3M99\=\ZMX42JC)GOCAOW&2:W*E/M]]=79I98D!M)*#B=-C]$=C[D/VT
































M)
;F)8*A&)`5X@3P/:#=+




VW_XBKL__`-UE%['7























*5B


9C251IV
==A\K#!-3R5F#SN.EFHJZGUJ
OG]U_;7??:/GW<.0]_%;JRF(CE`HMQ`W=!<(
M*FBRQD-IJ2C:HV.I&`
3[

;ZE_T(?.7Y.]

?
]G]!O

Q^;2P.W


M\15V?_[K*+V.O;O_`)65?^:






68GS)_U8'`#`Z^CGEOEW9N4=@L^6.7H$MMDL+=(88UX+'&H49X






M@[W



MU
=W_$'87:=)2F;(=/\`;F


*
























KXI?\)Z^=O///53S5-3-+4U-3+)
M/45$\CS3SSS.9)9II9TDLLLC%F9B2Q-SS[QI))-3DGKZ*(XTB18HEQ*```
M*``8``&``






M9!)%-#+&6CEBEC8






M_P&&_MZ5,.BJ[![XW)+23#1:?`;7VGL[45[1B77%G?XH[+:VD*=1:=?;


XEGGN)6\Z9B\#R





















M=`Y\A.X\%\?.CNU^[=QA)


MW#4KX:NX$DI'\

M`#N1SVX\G59C


?4L:D_F3U]-.S;





&]NS7T1/^?F;_`)]ZQUYD






M%$U8_2G7
.16*431Q0Y2FV[#D8(UD!NJ2J&93=68%')L&QR_VEG:D^OA)7
M]NFO0JL/?/WIVLCZ#FWF2-02=(W*\*5(H24
Q0FGF5/`$9`Z+KN_^3Q_+@WH
JS.X?Y/O\PGIK[JIR/Q^SV_L-3:







4M0O9^X\WV#CYY+JC2#^$;CITC8WU0H
MEB18^\E.3K;Z7EJTC/%H]?\`SD8N/Y

0YF^\5S3?(U8H+\6@H:
























[W!_79







-19410H'T'L3*JHH1``HX`8`ZQQN+BXNYWN;N1Y;F1B
MS.[%F8GB68DDD^9)KU


7%N/Q15

MX#*P((!'L'

M9)51)7



M5_A

M[KW5KGQ*_DW_`#*^5$6
W++M&/I3K'(A)XM^]L0UN%J
E0NHD6IVQLE83NW.



M[NQ9V8Y+
S$EB3Q)))ZF^[=






M]9[V5[9[E:1;AMTL4]A

M?4BD-+:Y_3;TU$]A_)L?(



K3SZ^?%[QOZ^A+


2$$P



52W:W95#1Y.NQ
MN0CTLL^RML

M^.
I2(^76FFI]PXREOZ:'*0UE*@)
:1N0X(-ZY:VG?4_QR.EQ2@D7#C\_
?)
M@1U.?L]]XGW0]D[Q6Y2OC)L1?5+87%9;22IJQ$=087;SE@:-SC467M.G?\[?




MVDOM)[M[SR5I(VV&Y









H.0MNG@0:OZ
C7$Q`X%H:\5'6W![F3
























M*)7D:ATJ:=;=/P

L_4.SJNSD15M+6Q



5E4@@@T((R


MQUUYY?YAV/FO9K?F'EN[@OMDNHP\4T+AXW7A@CS!!5E-&1@58!@0$=[8Z..O






MD$K'5)'4]?[?Q-1:RJCSN`#R[Y$\AV'T/+D+

&I5!0`










I




































\9.F6)O-3E31T*


M]WK[Q?*7O[RZ;K;J6?-UHB_6V+

$+(A




[

M^2;633N7
5ZJ
























M9L!/9)
VLW'^BC(FN%/Z1JD)\4


MH[?VABM[;%W32&FRF%RL)8)*MVI
GC*N


MB/Q(ZFJR1N.V2-PR.I*LI'6A#_


















MW;=(-O2OZL@!IY*

M`#5N'CC_`-MU]+/!X7%;:PN'V[@J&#&8/`8O'X7#8VF!6FQ^*Q5)#0XZAIU9
MF804E)`D:`DG2HY]Y21QI$BQ1BD:@`#T`P!^SKYHKZ]N]RO9MQOW:6^N)7DD





















M^Z]U[W[KW7O?NO=:+'\_;_MX9N3_`




MO/I/M?#G$[OV;D6I99(A





=TMWG\`/
MCQN*LK5K
[M':;=4;CU2F:JAK^KZR?9V-?(2LSO)7Y/:^
Q]?([DO)]V';U

[Y9E:MSLV\2JJ^D%TB7'Y5G-S@8Q7B3U0C[











M%\E=ENKLO4L5CEI\M(&GQ





#0@X((\CUWO@G@NH$NK5TDMI$#(ZD
K*PJK




#K


[L/'0^K

6Z;4D



MTVVRFW&_D6*QMXGDD=C14C12SNQ\E5023Y`=?2;^&'QTQ?Q1^
73W1&/2D:N
MV5M*C7=E?1C]G
























IQ
M6TMH5F5R0HL?*D?W'GSV0R43U\CN?+'CJ*








M$JYLGL&.GA;]9:H


/\

55U3_?\`5E=0]C(E+9E;[BKAVQ)3@`W=9BECJL0Y







MG\4ZXW]O#8F1

A^




[4WW))&
M6HLCE\?7ZNO=HS/9HV?/[FH_N9H9%*5&
QE:G!(]C+D?9?WOO2O(*VEO21_0





























2:*0
MGW`7/VQ?NO=?K8!2RN26%.O^-?SKJ'VD#AUW.^XU[V'W*]L_PIV]RE^;N7
M%2!BQJT]D01:S5.6:


6





R7EQ-=
`67'9HL-5
MO9%S'LZ;YM$MB0/&IJC)\G7X?LK\)_HD]35]WWW8N_9CW4VWG-&?]T3P+Z-


$'[.OH



M8=W)_N-WSV'MF)&U^B&MP6R-YC0'GE'C:?=DG*K$I;5Z2P9VGOVVF\3ETI_O


M6W^C[9U0W






























MU7_@W:FTMP:/%;3_`'EVC+CM7FO^YK_NG;3;T:;_`-KW-/M=)6PNH?X9E/\`
MO2T_Y]ZX_?WE6W^'SQRSNM/[;:KB*M?]\W`?AY?V_'SK\NME/W*/7-3H$_DG


CR+]CQA





MN8QXD?KJ4'`_TRZE'S(ZR/\`NH^Z7^M/[U[5O-W((]@OW^@O2311;W+*HD8^


MJM`VZ1LWF:C;V0?
#3(?D3\^MJ_W+W7*;KWOW7NOFZ_S!^J#TE\V?DWUPE
*
M.@Q7;FZ
S@J1555IMK[UJ5WQM.!0JHMHMM;CI!P`#;@#WC!S)9_0;]=VM**)




M53=



55'M'#K)N




























MU%P8J#;^X\164RCG5/G!_C[BOW.VWQ+6#=4'=&QC;_2ME3]@8$?:W733^[?]







IWR_LTV^[I'81U$9-




M/Y

MAJ-%Q$DJ4/GVN





M@T*P!C+&\`W0&9R`KB0`$E&M

M^CYEN`!1)2L@_P!L!J_XUJZ^@;[F'-8YK^[ML+.^J\VY9K&3ST_32LL*_P#9
M


IH]K8$E)9
9$E



























*D2%IH/O\W51JA5?&\;FYU\3E[8

'1$A)J:@






























M#*CK





U2U0HLC`):#L



M%K;PO*Y'$)&I=J5IY`^8Z^HSM3;M!M#:^V]I8I2N+VO@
/MW&JQ8LM!A
=3X
MVC5B[R
-TN=VN\W5U<23/






























































































M350[A[-GJNQ
S1US$:I*O%UFYVHR26K3JBG0J^\FN5;+]W\O6MN11_#G_3

91)I0`$QT=


MC0?-NOIEP004L$-+2PQ4U-311P4]/!&D
































_EMN%




D^@%EIH:BM5Y6^B1JS&P'M3:6TE[=1VD/\`:RR*@^UB`/\`#T0\T\Q;
M?RCRSN'-6ZFFV;;937






























M'9N'
W@K.S=X=9]?X]P&+M*-WT&^:^%#I7SX/9%6C:@049A]2`5[@7(@Y9

































73T%3(S;BWGOCLK)T:.













CVONV@J:*B=5D5XJH;2



&QH/&IJD/J[9;[:84?)1U\XOW
MA_=6;WC]V=TYR#N=G





























STSY?&I4;DWK+)%J

MH]W[DJ\;.P`9EQL:G]`MCWS_`+A]=S%)$IK%;J(Q]H[F_

Q4_Z4==Y_N+\A

































M:?%T[

U]+_9Q1LQ^=!6GVG@/GT*N1N5+



M%2-%!9W8``D^[*K.P1`2Y-`!Q)/`=
W%Q!:6[W=TZQVL2













MD`?
TZ?M[6ZO)/M(Y)9:5THI8T]:*:?/IC_OWL?_GLMJ?^A%B/_JSVW]1;

M1U`1Q='





M]\;1_P`I5M_SE3_H+KW^M-[J?]
SS!_W+KS_`*T]%F^8_P#
*Z$Z1^


MCTI1T\K
R@%@5;WS)MUAM4]U;7$+W*H0BJZL2QPN`2:`D$_('J3?9O[O//W/
M'N=LW+?


M2S&K'KZ'(HHX8UAA54A10JJH`@@``P`!@`8`ZP^]=7Z][]U[KWOW7NMC[^

WD\=2/D=^9+':-T;P%)5UD
C4VT]


D@#!ECA56!2

;6TU=`DZI'(T+RTLDL:RK'*K%2;@




37:&OJOQ#S`Z!_
?SZ/
MY=.

DK



H+/'!*JJUQJ(*^T3^YFP+\

MQ_PI-^/\%_X!\=.XLG_D[L/XQG=E8.]4-?CA/V5;N&U.UEO+RRW-HS872/[H



O;YGN6'/'MX'^(

OZ#3Y?N?XGV+N/+^6_C\/@^UV[A/M_'9]6KRZ]0MITG4D?W2NS_9VD
M8^UV/_/HZ%-K_=I<JIJ^MYJW3AIT6<
=.-:ZII:UQ2FFE#QK@-
I_PI!^6\



M=Y/^?-_




NW[A/7AKOK@4^SPVCX_.ORIT@LA_.U_F:
M5[U6CY'QX^J$B?:X_J'HR)*:.1A2EJINM:C)1%0;J_G
BGD




S$EB;GGVR=








Q^?V*EDFI?EOW?*\

MV7[O]V@27E'8P`:]ELL9_
QZ21\B:?+I:8W^;=_
:Q4#T]+\J=]RQO*TQ;)8



222H7GOFI:?XU4#UCB_F=%
M?Y]$%S]R3[LMP'(Y;

M8.P







MIH?[2Q(^R6O^&

M_A2;T#


[AV\
G

[6JZN8(['3))





MU83&@XXANW-?1?B/D#T

S



[;7+F*YMV'RD0_X#T#;_VO]R]K)7<^7=]M
MF!(/BV%U'0CB.^(9'F/+H8\;EL5F8'JL1D\?E::.5H'J,;6TU=`DZI'(T+RT
MLDL:RK'*K%2;@,#]/:Y71Q5/D:]`VYM+JS<17D4D4I%0'4J2
BM&`-*@B
























TS#THP!!!

96BE8@551V169`2I
$4@T






^64_(U\-3%XI%
3T`VX/YD7SWW,NG)?+
MOORF'CBBOM_L;<&TFTQ2M,IU[5J\,_D+N0SWUNEE8E0`Z3FCF*7XKVX'V.5
]^Z]U[W






M+4JK`
,V@_IM[61;GN4/]C<3I_I9''#AP/01W'VX]O-WK^]MAV6ZU


MVZ:S
L[AAZ6-V1?2I`X]F$?
_


M$/\`+)=AIE8XX]`98XZA(P]SI.IKF$?/7-
?_$K4/FD9_GHK_/H!;A]RG[M.




?GS(PIV+2Q4.4ZYVT(A)5``1FH?1&Q.MBNEC&+W3B/
M]O9

R6C
GFBBC1Y]M;:W

XCY;=+T?E




^)&M

^H*4AQDN=&1GD4FY5(F8`$D6!(+9]Z




M17)'#.JX$IK@9K6M3Q))+)NOM+L[?9D.^.QM][R











)U0G:F[]
MP;=

ML;]7]^;;87NKCX]O%-7`&?$1JX`'V`#RZ
SM#^8Y\\MC^
8+Y;=\2QPZ!#3[

GKMH;0SF)2_D*^*JP

KK_
K3^?43;S

:;'^3'



*J:@]1W)%)#(8IE9)


U.V\;


Q_EU
VQ?W;ONE=D-



003@UJ
1O]4;
MD\US<W!K<2/(?Z3%O\)/4L[3R[R_L$?A;%8V=E%2FF&.$4QBD:J*=JX^0]!









M[MF5GD67[K:FY





?37TKTQ2H^L%W]N



MS'JF$*M/F*+;F5VQ`EV5B7KQI0ZC8*^D\M^?.6)\&X
;'R=''\PI7^?4
;[]




MECG@GC2:&:%UDBFBD4/'+%(A9)(Y$8%6!((-Q[



















M[&5=

6Q6G]O=VX

M=[!_GT_R\-E&=
%O+L?M26`NABZ^ZSS=


J6EG)















MDAKW!)(^OM5;WMY:&MK++&?Z#
O^`CH.[YRARGS.GA\R[7MVXQTI2YMH9Q0\

$'A5J??]/MOLL5

+
QAJ*K?\`@]QY






MQ;0F@S2E2


MOE7?(H5K61;2::(4]9H5DB_XWFAIP/1L*.MH\C2P5V/JZ:OHJJ
34U91SQ55
M+41-^F6H@=X9HV_#*2#[.%96&I2I\QU$\T
UM*T%PC1SJ:
K`JP/H0:$'Y

















TES?V-D-5Y-%$/Z;JO\`A(Z%/+O(_.G-T@AY4VC<]SD/E:VL

6=M-








M1V-@J@DGWL`L:**D]4DECAC
LS*D2BI)(``'$DG`'S/2D_N+O?\`YX[=7_H/
M9?\`^H_;OT]Q_`_^\G_-T6_OW8_^4RT_YS1_]!=/6-Z@[:S
#U6(ZN[%RM-'

M/.'*5FXBO-TVZ*4BH#W

M[?N^_P#]\3?[PW^;I/\`U[Y'_PCSM7_`&5V_P#ULZ?Z#XO_`6RE
E;C/CQ

M+[CW1]L[64PW7




MO[]_R@WG_.&3_H'KW^OO['_]-ERI_P!S:P_[:.O?[(G\WO\`O#?Y5?\`I/7;



HLE77]!]JT=
C2


'^RG_*;_





























'60W+7]VEN
XN


S$EB;GGV3DDFIR






\\&V'AITD`)#.RK8$WL#[6IL6]R_V=G=-]D3_]`]`^\]Z?9S;O]S^;


M`K:MP5&

&+-#_!NILLJ

EJOVN_^2



5`/

XU-+X?3





MQQ^D?UN2H7V^Y844
+D_.1_\A'1%/]^_[R$TC/'NME$IX*MA:$+CRUQ.WSR3




6C5P@-R!=

!3LN7C'F?ACTJ3GB17@*T
M`Z5]!\!?@UCJ9*2G^'?QADB0NRO7]%=9Y6I)=B[:ZW)[:K*R0`G@-(0HX%@+

M;1_$'XF8ZFBH\?\`%[X[4-'`L%)1])]:TU-K



M5].J^G4;?4^W4CCC^!0M?0`=%UU?WU[I^MFEFTUIK=GI6E::B:5H*TXT'ITZ


Z;CK&I7,R@GU.EQ7I,Y/XV_'7-+N9Z#Z6RRTY=J=<GU

M
(JMK2B
N$%]-KV%_I[9?8]ED^.SM33UBC/_`#[T:VWO/[PV1)L^;.982U*Z
M-SO5K3A73.*T\J])+)_R^?@KEFA:J^'OQLB

)*



M'`&G$TJ3TC:S^41_+AKJF6KG^+&S$EF(9TH\_O\`QU





)-
M5Q8BW*5_:R






5M5J'Q+2W.D?Q'PKR7'^E
MJ?ET%N8_D1_S'L8911=6[



=Q\*.


3&S%0L0

M6[BAS\_&


M66GE%?2P&.=E4D(;
0/I[12031?VJ






MI%QS[V0:C!'59(TE1HI5#1

:^L\(CF\R1WX.

D44$%H*KK3)[$HDG;B[2
M4LPX_3?GV)+7W&YB@Q
89Q_22A_XP4'\CUCUS-_=^^P.^$OLZ;ML\GD+:[
J



MW0N:396_=L;BR
%@K
E7B\9DZC(T4J*P+)-$CJ+@7]B:TW/;;[_`'GAE_T

















M0LL/+TUA:-2LE])%:::^L

M\=/E.R=T[?Z_IQ*#9I_X5MR'L2HJJ:XNBM4TTCJ1J\9N`%[OW0LDJ+&UD?YN



2^UL9/[JV'?
MYA4?VOTD.*9^XGX'@/
1Y]0_SI)DMQJMQ[6Q\I\MQ?#9PG[1J_X\










M8\U\T;7_`


[\3/C=D9'@2

FP;'+_:6=J3_S22O[





M-$1_


M=U9YJDF/A1&'+OZ%N_I]ETO)O

VZ?BQ\A\'#`DTCUM?TUV%'
MC3'3PK45

JNI5@I%#P(]#T:[
MJ_YV?

0-V-)7]=Y'





;+W-A=TXL^37X[9#!U















M]M_(3J;9.0IBXDP&1WGAJG=9

M2%X:/%SL;CTVN0%;SW'Y?MZBV$T[?T5TC]KE3_QD]9.\I_W?'OKONF3F!MIV

9/&B\.JS^U_YM7\PG
MM\U

K*].F0V-C\)GZJ-];7-363R$&Q;2%`






M%&_BGCJME[6HS412

MV_O(O


I)3NC
M(@NI8LS&D/(/*\7Q0

^



MZFHU/@7+VWGJQ]-X5
^0H`.T=N.C%;7Z%Z
V.`-E]+]3[0WTC:_76S]OA;K
M`AL,3AZ0Z4T8_UHU']D6










M.HIYT)!*303*\4B$CZ

M^-.]S
=Y_'CHS=QJ7:2H.Y^I=@Y\SN]0*QWF.5V_5^5WJU$I+7)D&K]7/M!+
MM.US_P!O;6[U_BC0_/S'0VVOW0]R]CT_N7F+?;/2*#P+^ZBH`-(`\.5:47MQ
MY8X=%UW1_*R_EZ;O).6^)W5%(6M?^Z^





:






M=I_O'/9JZ`7==KYAM)2





(\C2SUNUJ'
TD
(AU.SA%X!()%
MRF;EKF#

P_:H/4H;3]XKV)WLA;#F[8/$;@LEY#`Q-0*!9VC8DUP`




MY=8R\V?W;7(E]KEY+Y@W/;I34A+J**\C!\E!C^DD5?*K-(PX]U*&S;J;_A09

IU_6[CSM5#&#=GEQ-
?Z*?8

CK&3FW^[W]\]BU2\O/M.]VXKI$-QX$Q`_B2
M[6&)2?(+._V]6==2_

S/NQR)J;
MFWEW=[*V05














ZQS314\4L\\L<$$$;S333.L<4

M!4\.K(CR.(XP6=B``!4DG@`/
GR'1+NX?YC'P?Z(^ZA['^2_5]'DZ+6M5M[;




MWAE
]^Z]U[W[KW7



NH+






[N;S_XZ]5_


'M;T#^











JA043\E\L7%==HBG


MPIHW`2++U^^MH96=&:)`T=*NSMQXQ736S.KUJ`(GI+
0OLGG]L=X3-O/;N/F
M74_\=8?SZEK9O[Q_VENP%WS9]_LY2.

M7\R+9PFFBZ(I=X4

[7^WM+A1Z^&Q'[0/Y]2[LGOE[-<QT&R\T[!/*W!!?6RRY`/\`9/(L




M2O\`O)JO\NHLYN]D/:'GS6_-G+FT7=S)\4QMTCN#_P!1

U:;RI?5?!26;2
M5L`58667N3OMO1;M89U]2NAOVI1?^



M[AU'R8Z&_P!Y?23^0ZQ9YN^[?[Y\C%VYAY8W5;=*EI8(OJX0!YM-:&:)1_IF





MS$V``'))/O?7B0!4X`Z



M]^]@;PHA_;\G^486BW#EMU0\$#G'_J-OPUCVWY$YGN*$VXC4^;N@_D6_EU
7-AWN]8<#.UM:JQ^122Z8#T)0'U4='.V-_PF
MOZ/QZQ?Z2ODKVMNU@3YCL;:FT.O%D6T=A$N??L\PD$/R2]]0X])U'EO[76_
M[E74S_Z153_#XG4


HK']K`G^?4-[Y]X+WPYCJ-VYLWYX


Z(Z^C`$?S!Z--





MO])(3_Q_7U


M_+J:M@^^;]W#F#3''S'':7+4[+JWNK?37R:22$08\Z2D#UH14E6_OC1\B^JA

P;U4@
#




\


?!_O













JV22W#^M-_M;N_P,=9;\E_W=WO%OFB?F
M^\VO8K4@:D+F\N5_YMV_^+FF:TN^/HR*E^YO^%#GS'WR*VBZEVIU=T;C)B_
MV60H\/+V+O2B5F]`DR^\O)L^K



M._/!-7=08+KK'U*\60[[$V;C[`WN)\/M[*[FW-2.MN5FH4;_#V(;;D'F:X

+?:LI'1ZNO


RCR[VFBB-/
















M1[1R$Y9ER.P=Y[[VI]N6C6
^##46Y&VNH&A6`:@8!@2/U/J(;CD?EBXR;8(W





=*M^SA)







MB1Q#S9@H_:2!T;[+R_OW


-7L/O14NU@6
M9F`/L&7W-/,&XU%S=2Z#^%#H7\PFFOYUZR\Y*^[-[%<@:9.7N6]N-XN1-<H;
MR8-_$LEV9FC)_P%:`
@``TZ(Q)(\KO+*[R22.TDDDC%WD=R6=W=B69V8W)/


E#AMLX/
;BR]3?[?%8+&5N

=!)#6[YQ-+U;02PFQ$T%=
MV;7;1I:B)E-U

M:FD4T*VLC7S@^A6R6X8'UJ!3SIU8)UK_`
D9M!T#';<V^VVZC0P8C
@:@`-0.H2U]M-\FH;F2%?2I9OV*-/_

/*G^+\.-*$_G6__:_

8/
M:DSS





















MCL/Y


_4/R?WGMQ1(7I




CTTI/.+.5J^0BNQ!(6_HA=7RQT3/)XO)

=DZ2HH*^DETJ_BJ:.JCBJ()-+`Z74&Q'LC='C8HX*


AZ/'TI_



UK46]=*?SQ?Y?O;X



M5P=;74
MP/[





MVJQ2);QGRC6A_P!Z;4U?L(ZS%Y'^XK[`\H:)MQL;K?-P7.N_F+)7Y6\`@@9?

C2#B-




_]Y#[F;AKCY3V/9]MB;@T[3WDJCRHP:UB+?-H6!SVC


















.Q.


M&YX\N/D`M86''L.W7)7+-WEK94;U0LG\E(7^74_\L??%^\7RL%CM^8[B\MAQ
M2]BAN]7VRS1M/_O

J
MG-_+VU7\8P3:RSV;GYGQ/K$)^050?+3U7AV=_P`)VOF1M4U55USOKIGM;'Q!



M)X!8[Q8)&;^B%+?+!Z);D
?7XFLJ
=E*&LQN0I)##5T&0IIJ.LI90`3%44M0




!C:#/;(W-FMJ9J%HFUQ-%E
#6T%=&8WY4B06/(]OV



M2UM96JCA24=-2

MA87.Q[@]3XEA




1E%\@
M`



M$)L8-(`QF:GGI0T\^K

+3%E]=/

U2\;:EAJ*JE(L5D

5S0SB*!?Z;U/[$U?L)'6
W-GW_

*;/VNM5H;







^XW






















MMO2[E:+3].^MX9Z_;





M01C\+'6O^\M4#\J=0ESU]W'V2]Q@\G


1@/'%FI6/U`(Y]CC;^=^7-PHHG
M\&4_AE&C_C64_P-=88\]_<S^\#R)KFDV8[MMR$_K;8_U8-

MPN/Q[%:.DJ2











MVMB%9%UM&



M1_`*+^;-3'S4-UE]R%]PCWTYMT7/




MU61VS_PG?^&^\355?6&\NW.G
A*9#34-/FL?OW:E*'4Z%.
W50G=%0(G`M?.


IF^LMTUB?



MIK1TD021D



YO]NN0N?[;Z
46Y+VTI_C%5_P!Z6N/FP7KKGW[@_OGREKN



@_2DF4SM;7UK1K^%+Z0/H/8
N


$$*O+-+(Q`55!)/`]VECI4$L?+IN66*)IYV5(
M4!+
/VL^R?C1V+18JKT/%G]^T%-UC@GI7L37
M4N0[JMM+E*15YO1BI9[$(K-Q[$%ERIS#?T
%K*$/FX\
?;5]-?RKU!'./WH


M%7/6(0+.7%[BVR]N^7;6C3K+._\`3:@_8FG]A)ZQ7YN^_P!^_O

MV:H'TELKR:?0R7;7/=_2C6

=9=9A8O#)5;
V5M
M_!92K0KH8Y'












MJB7Z26TGK\:?M4:O^













'ZV['R

K_#]IN63`2;;V9
*BWB8;WW9)@MH*C*=1
M+5P`7U&PY]G%CR_O6Y4-E;2NA_%32O\`O347^?43\Z^^OL_[=ZTYPYBVRTNH

GLU1B\&F


_\)_/@YUV*

MW1E0MZ-'!$1Y4(KU:YU)\:?CWT-3K!TSTIUCUFX@-/-D-G[+P.&S5=$0%;^*



M]D


M5XJ?

M]M%IJ







Q4%Q[MON7M-Q1-QCDMY/4?J)
M^T`

=30A`




Y.SVM4V])+


MZJ;-+C:O&QN?]U*./8`W+G[F&_JD4BV\)\HQ0_[V:M7_`$I7[.LZ?;[[C7L-
MR1HN=RLIM_W5



M[A9;;MH_T6ZGC@CJ!6FN5E4FGD#7Y=6M](_R)OGSVVM)7[GVEM'HW!5)AD^^
M[5W3!'F)*1P&ED@VILZGW7GJ:LC6X6GR
6.8N+
R+Z@
+#V^YBO*-
B6\9\Y


MD'9=OVJV-0);EWO9_DRA?IX4;STO'.HX5/'JWGI3^7[\
























M@U!HOH(RWG2XMS/%'DTS0U_A!-.JI=^]:=C=5YR3;/9VP=Z==;CB!:3`[Y


?%3L9J3$][[0W
MI\?
[*%63









-M%)/*V0
1QJS')`P/
=4


D



M1P%J6S=B;'ZZPE/MGK[9NU-B;;I+?:[?V;MW$;8PE-9$C'V^*PE'0T$-HXU4

M
!J*R97/5V/H48+S8R#CVIM;.[OI?!LHI)IC^%%9V_8H)Z375Y:6













:25<UQ)$RL


M8B

M)_S=)25M/)NG;&4JT)LTE148J-@P539/8(W#VQW*K;=/'

M7K


WLUR0M](KBVGFUO8(W#8-YV
MNIOK:5$'XJ:D_P![6J_SZS





)#O._V










4K'R$$LM?MKU7I)&\3O%*CQR1N




M_=&Y.A.]

M




























2101!ZFHAC8:

M#0NP\SZ(N-3?











M5^^_A'\4/D[#4_Z;NBMA;SRM3$(3NS^%G`;ZBC7_`#:4^^]M2X?=\

5
MOB)'*D7'LHW'8=GW4'Z^WC=S^*E'_P![6C?SZE3D'WO]V/;!U_J1OM_96JFO
M@:_%M2?
FUF$EN2?7P]7H1U2;\@?^$XG5&X#6Y?XU]T[FZ[KW+SP;.[-H8=[
M[69RI5:*AW)B1A=S8.C4V;R5

MM#'K-OV^_O'^;-OT6?N7LMKN-N
&XLF-M/3^)H9/$AE;RHC6R\/0UHY^0/\`


`RL+^PL05)5A1AUDM%+'-&LT+*\+J&5E((8$5
M!!&

\?Q[JX8YBBF6.*

LH-F**3]!:2_;`#][W!\_IO^?TZYU_WDCN/:C8XP3H/
M

_=/QFP'W


M#'XL_&6FABZ.Z-V#L2OA@6G.Y:7$+EM[5
*H8_'7;ZW!)EMXU\95F]




M15M;C:VDR..JZK'Y#'U5/6T%?15$M+6T5;2RI/2U=)50/'/355-/&KQR(RNC

M_&F7:G9N8BJ?DQT#3X7;79\LQ2&JW_MRKAGI]G]JP0ZM
]7G(L=+2YH1`+#E
MZ=YBD$-;2Q^\











MWC01A57TPUR+=5-O2+%6X;'M&ZBE_;QR-_%2C?DXHP_;U)W(7O/[I^V
BMR-




MT)5T=&`975A8@\@^PR13!X]9'*RNH92I%01P(]1UL/_`/;RIIU^6'=U&TT







M]/UUL?&XNDS&6R5#N[=^YZ_.5&\\R



L[3T^\=V39C.XOS2MK:&BFI:;4%TQJ$0*;




-?(D`R
















]^Z








M[M6995DI&VAU
(.LMMU&/2
F&&DRF
VFE;9`/)+5/(]Y'=CGA[?[4-FY-V^R
MI20VZR-ZZY?U6!^8+Z?L`'`#K!+G_=3O/..X7M:QBX:-?31%^FM/D0FK[23Q


MR*E49*[

M*G'K.SV_W5MYY-V^^D.J;P`C'S+1$Q



























Y;/927SY
M/-Y.OR^1GY'FKLE52UM7+8EB/)43

MI7R[


E)-)49A$99!0O&P;W(

M0E3Z2-\*?

E+3;(P5#OG?







_MRUZU.WZ&;KS+M3I^X*3^!X]JAU*&KB#:TC+?O8S




;L7'R-+!2=G]Y30[EW8U.S3*E5C.N-M5Z[6P
M.211&ZM69;.T_+*T!L&]S3L'L-:1:9N9;MI7\XH.U/L

M[EU0\MVJQ)Y2S]ST]1&ITJ?M=Q\NM:#Y(?

S5&/
MQFX















#0C


-+L+J3:+&F*DEX?N-K2


/RCB3_G
MWK9!]PSU


















GJK


TU34S2U%14




M















='61





















L95XY8W4


OM?K_JKL2OR-!DL7/)25.
J
EN3;^UML)D



MP@?M$00$?:.J]\OF

M





MF


MUGO&B1((XP%C4``#@`
















M]^Z]U[W[KW7O?NO=$=_F._



M_(D#2O\`2*CSZ#'.7
4?*W+MSO#4
R)IC!_%*W:@^8!.IOZ(8]?*4W-N3/[R


SW$[%YY&+
QR69C4

M)^)GR6W_`/#_`.175'R-ZTJGAW/UANJCS+4'G:DW+M^99,=NO9^4=4D/\(W
M=MJLJL=4D*72*I+QE9%1@3\P;+:

4..CC8


SOC?VI\;^RHM&WNR=N38^DS
5/%49#:6YZ*2/);2WE
I'DZG#H?DRDCY
M5J
@=$O
6QVG

R4!\T891Q\U8`_.E#@GKY4/R5^.W9_Q/[R[&^/
























MC$M(KV!7/_-1.Q_^









#UAP-36RR

E#P\6


MKW6V?_(N_D;9GM#-[.^9OS(V?+C.IL3+CMT=*]
;GQZBJ[8K##%7X3?V]\36
M(33]9TADCJ
=03()
_
JRS*

=C%)RWRY)JOVJLTRG$0X-&A'^
MB'@S#^S&!W_!/GM=[7R7TL?
G

+#
IXK(X/^ACBJG^T.3V?'O
^\

















M2[@WI6QRQ`W2=9-0#%@
T?9VT%MR%:R`4::2:0XI_HK(#\ZJBT/I3K##WANC



M]5E!WQ\N^LU:7^'[JZCV




VAG.H-










)_E;_%W^8WL^''=P
M;=EV[V;@





F.
M
\454


*R

















_FS?
.

MVYER-$@_


M1RM:1D=QW!37T`AFJ/SJ/V=3?[#(QYINGKVC;V%/F9H:'\J']O6_-[Q/ZRNZ










M^[
.V.P*SR%BWG[$V=)M[?+V9BR_[D/2Q+Q)/L2[1SCS1L0;5?7$42\$U:

MEKVK

MKYY@33*]M
?5X0#_`-4R@_ET;CV5Y'G?5&ES/1)21_U4#G^?26QO\`PE\_


#@\32Q46+PV%H*7%XK&T4*Z8:3'





M'UYVAO\`V

T$








0^`FV#4)GOFY\2L944M/]U-0U'R)

6V;@P)I46\M/VZ*#]O1
M9+S?RG!7Q=SV]2!6GU$5?V:ZG]G0:9/^;9_+/Q-*:RJ^;WQUEB5TC*8SL3$9

MZ?*0

V5W:N!IRBO'&52LSE-C

MOI_FP`_+H1\#_

M=-OJ32AGB!)^0+`G]G1@MH=]=&=A/31[![HZGWQ)6








M5/-_JFM6E7Q^9D,T88TWGEG?.7HX)-ZMVM_J`Q0,5U$)IU$H67XA34%KFE



MD2**)'DEED=8XXXXU+/)([$*B(H)))``'O8!)H./6B0!4\.BF]H_/;X2]*BI



H]&F
MD)_;&@7_`*N'JH'N_P#X4!?S1N[%K:)._*?I_`UK2%L%TAM'!;&:F#BRK1;O
MJ(,YV12K$I(73F[\W))`(D/:_:3D;;*,;0W$H_%.[/7[4&F,_P\=1YN?NSS



S2K(




1B)6:D5


M]C$FA+=&D+MJ/B
6-.``[-!P!EC\NIL]L]_WSF;E]]XWLQZWN'6




















M)?RS

MNM#9;==%&X



;SS63

\E]
?Z4B*/R1J?YGH,
MW/OESA-B.RA']&-R?S+R

M?1F.*-#/]P)(





OE



J
77&EG9)#1Y*I
M-4*/)35)*A
M#HIS;[^YVN^AW&S;3=02*Z'T9345]1BA'F*@](]PL+;=+&;;KQ=5K/&R./5
M6%#3T.:@^1H1U\I+YS?$'L+X+_)SLOXY=B4]1)4;1RK5FT-RO2RT]!OOKW+O

)$8?MLC`Q^@


M5B



MXZ:%XY#G


M\=8=6']3?SV?YI_4)IH
;\JMR[XQ4


\=/L56?M4]_;_=+GK;Z!+]Y8QY

.;[
ZMVX;8]!3S*(ZQ]G;+3?-;EJ1W%Q&<QCI2AN2C742)M7L%?/1]ZOXHQY

MN0'[''5.G8'9W9/;&?EW7VGV%OCLO=$ZE9]R=@;LSV\L_
K.TC++F-Q5^2R
MBF1BQ!D-R2?K[D:TL;+;XO`L(8H(!^&-%1?V*`.HZN[V]OY3/?32S3G\4CL[

D[0Q3]




ME]_U2_ZU])O]?KF/_E#L?V2_];.D55_\*K/YA4RU
=-T_P##JB659DIY5Z_[




_]S=\U
I_;T'+O<]RO
M\WUQ/
?^&2

M/X4[6





$BD-!62J;^YM
MY:]C-WO@MQS'



V*_P0N4VAEMOYCTI/C\IB<MT+FZG[@/Z

MQ)9;ELQ2\C8JRFX*%2/(@P
?]CIRHO\`A6WL62F;(_!W=M+4LD9K(:+OK#U
M\$$AMY5IJB?JG&R5:(;Z6:*$M^0ONC?=^N@3HW2,KY5@(_;^J:?M/5U]_PU

MCGGQL50]_PRT\0_Q]HV]@MZG1?VI;RJL@'[:'_``'I8OOYLQ8:[Z^='0
MG]F/\(Z6V/\`^%7/PFEK(4RWQ]^4U%CV\GW%3C\5U+DZR*T3F+PT-3VGB(9]
HE?_P`*
MC_Y;U)235-/M+Y2Y2:)5*4%!UCL2.KJ2752L+Y/MK'4*LJL6/DFC%@;$FP-D
M]C.<V8*9+!1ZF5Z#]D1/\NJM[Y<FJI(COV/H(XZ_SE`_GTA,M_PJT^!D-.C8
M/HSY=9&K,RK)!EMI]-8:G6G*2%Y4JJ/N[/2R3+*$`C,*J58G6H5E<?L+S63


M4;A;KC\
;MG\RG[?Y=%\WO[M2U^GV^X;/XI$7'Y!_P!G\^B^;I_X5M[PJ4D3

^6'
M9W4'Q=V72NS%)Y]J]E;GS



MEYAN%K;6:Z8Z\#


YX*S^&Y_P!I)H?^71[8)X:F&&IIIHJBGJ(H


16

M7\+RC\
1



MZ=[]55&V#\W-M-W[UY$T%_:VU*3%X+NK`4:KXTJLIC4;%[.['BIHT1=
@Q





GHJ8[PR5L%5(OMSSW/R7NA\?4^R7!`F09(IPD0?Q+



M'`I)@D'.P;!N?





MIM8`J?K8OY




6JC]?V


-OOX?W?^$R*WB#Y







I

R3HP964T*L#4$$9!!R#T

9KCI]<DDLU1C*BAJ97
L\BIFY[

M:FBU[HR3Q:






*=C8'B@9\)


MWBD:*4%9%)!!%



M$X_94U?[R6_EU6%V[_`

ZAA


M\_(]E402SW3#RBB8?SE\(?F?E7HF'5W_F:L^27RF^/_P`=NCOB9_`
+W#W






_

M#!8W*08;)Q&]RE1!*A/)%Q[*-QV#8]W%-TL[:X/K)&C




\'9?#0_8\FE#^3=!;



MF#ZC*MP8$8Z$'+G

B

C7PU.Y.NMR5

1E

W
V=X-=H]3#
!19%'_'77&M*U!R*J58YF






M?T:=$





DLTTLA5(XHT4LS



M%3P(5AU$/-GO%R_L1:TVBE_N(J#H-(4/]*2AU?9&&'$%E/6F?\T/YJWS;^=]

K%H:K.U64K8
MR;+




M3S87M7N6@-XJI*BIA9:S8&Q
@/2



M*E]NBG3
D#!#_P`



MG@JJ2KI9TD@J:6I@D9)(W5D=&(((/NRLR
'0D.#4$8((X$'R(ZJRJZE'`*$4

?N9[6G;-?
G*Z'Z


NW1*3_`TL?KY1NH\_3T\@




!A_P#A5O\`.2!9!N#H/XH9-S*AB;#X#M_!

M;[%F7_#
W0I47_LWOI*J!\C\0^HJJB5P:FGHNP=Y4%5+'8W2LGQF2BIWO_
M`&F@E'^'MWL#M14Z-QN`WE6-/V5'^$=+E]_=U##7M]N5\Z2.#^VA_P'I4_





M3T1;L?Y&?(3N
2#MWO;N7M03

MGC9A










M\V'1'NG

M'Y125^VRO6^QIFBXU6=[$?%[OIO

7;+ZCR-(X
F


MQQ!HP(8`CZB7P:^9_4WSU^.FS?D+U)6:*'-HV(WCM.JJ(ILYUWV!C*:DDW+L

D9KI=?

A13IP\4T;HPX(


MX_&Q%P/M
(


M7W9\R\?3T4;Q&KP/5G4]36U59&0_G2FW;NW=U!%CGC(4(S82J#ZB2JZ;
1W_



]




_
M1[1%JTUR-B.


M-;2P)PG]W5(]PMP)!`(@(^?^+0C'Y@C\NLU?:-@?;ZP`()!G!^7^
S'/Y$'\


;@S%0DO\)VGM/$^6*?/;JST
M\1CI*2



MU\EV=4I-O$BCQ9B


X(.FO/86
M$DG!O_P&BM;U7QD]_MQU7NW[0I^*29AZZV(3]GAO3[3UDQ[!;=ILMPW9A\

MY\BNJ*3&MD=YXS9M3V;UBD$'W&0'8G62ON[`X_%K9M-7NN#'U&#9K$BGRDEK



M*3XO#XZE





W_`#[T




KYTG(_9^D:?
ML/0X;._X5J]3UTE..P/A?V'MB)K_`';[.[?VWOJ2#_*2J_;QYO9'7:U5Z/UG




MD6-HYC5



M
!VK]K




MKV$V:`A]XO)[AOX8U6)?L)/B
1\P5/V=1MNOOSO
X*;/9P6Z_P`4C-*WV@#P

6T4-=MGJ

]^Z]U



MJF@VWVO2TD:R




M9Q.9(UD92C

M3:[+DK]WV2L.ZQ4^%K8U_P!







]^Z]U[W[KW1]N@_P5U_,$^3=/19'IOXH]M9[`Y)(Y
ML=NW<&%@ZZV5D()465*C'[T[(K-I;6R,)B<-J@JY./ZBX3W;GGE'9&*;E?V


HTRLNJ)KD*4+@F



M]_PG6_FD]54=5D\9U!M'N'&4









MH/PIHGH9



;Z
M(B^



M
_+]SL\M/$DC)C8_AE7


M4$?(C/6!


'?WV[L-M=4


M/

MJ)*FFF[!WKN#=$&-DE4HRX?'Y2NJ

M[5;06\=*'PT5:_:0*M]I)/41[EO.[;Q)XVZW

GV=2UL/OKO-K2+F




LZ_I0+X
1/^_'`
A'S5*+]D





?+D9I)$*1QP+))+)Z$5F('LQ



M

MTGFEJDV%5O+



M;-%-1PY;$]1[5R
M11?Z1MUTTS?9U&8F-/
N!QDJRI45
?W-5$U)&(JJ5O;/



MUH-X=\[OQE9+MRHADB^_P`%L7$QO1U'8.\*:GDUO1T\]/1TMT%;64AE@\H
MYT]P]DY








/HK8GR(Z7W=\=


O
6UQ;QMLEF;28&E9&#`@E2&`C-"*_RZ
#_



6?Y
1_/IA_93G=6TJMJP]1+C^:@_RZ3^4_P$U_\`
M--Q],)Z3KSJK.2F5(_LL7W)M&&I

M&/&9^(PF9ZC#]Y_'](XF#.#`T6:[/P]7)-I74/'$ZD
`#JN`KC]W_;YQW7S(


MVFMY1=EU$B









M\@/

GR`%230`$GKYE_\V#^:#V/
M_
I[S?.S?Q#:G0'7M;E
=T=UA
\2R8S&59@@KMY[L-
SPU^^MV)11RU%GDAQ





M(Y5-F6:GP.Q
;R`4







MDZN^:F\Q'$'SV_NFML-*#-YG3:6W=_95(Y`W^3^*

MU7VV6WDD


&B]W




ME8

M;!C43^N@]0Y_M!\I#J.*.H%.MXSXM_+GX]?
WK.A[8^.G9.$[!VM4+3Q96FI



Y[/9.@PN$Q&-IY:






J9J+[H



_`.K0;


M(XE58QP```'V`8'0











(J/^&RT=O\`C'AC

M)+J7\L3X&


MKW7O?NO=7-?\)\O^WO?Q&_\`*]__``
7=/N-_=W_`*=YN'_-C_M)AZD?VD_Z



M58FS-H0
*_
UO$/(Z5)4JJRE#C/D;D^ZYRWM=OCJEBE'GD'X(Z\!7&M_A0




S]%+/CLEO




LB8G?T-9W1TU#521IHWI@
=1X_LO;=$TDIGJ)\]



T-?XU`$BCUU(`P'EH8^?6[C[QDZR9Z][]U[KWOW

MT51DMG4G7'8.*DD6-C1OM3M39=9FJF(O8I*VTY


MO^$\N




W7:=O








G\5OES\@/A;VMB^X_COV!D]C;LH?'392EC(K=L[PP?F6:JVQO7;=26QF






27Y);NQ/W'5OQ.2AW-0/5TRRT6=[
MHSD59!U[CH?/'HE?:$
%5N!Y86











;S9&*.47*

M`&*2//H)7ONIR'8U#7ZR./*-))*T]&5G[6%?+JOKLW_`(56??;JU%/U=TE

;1+8A7)*J+K'V'YF




DF@

M7L;H;:]2):=






+;1S6-LE8BSOT\
CR$BU:)OM^*
?\U.HB]Y
MN7UW;E4[G&H-Y8/X@/F8VHLJ_9\



(Z'=.WIJK&U)TD_;U3VYL?95OFTV^^[

M`7-M7U]\^[NUFL;N6RN1IN(9&1QZ






M5._X5A[;CJOBI\8=WF%VEP?R#RFVTG%
KQQQ[JZXW%DY87K-):!YVV:C+$&`
ME$98@^

]^Z]U[W






'%-
V&V=M'&2S3KA-J;=IIC#24RLS6





M:$$$`]*K*]N]MNX[ZQD:*\B8


OVT


M231T%'49:JIAD
G/'$QBI8!)43$61&/'M=M^V;CNUP+3;();BY/X8U+&GJ:`


M-=@?C=UQO[Y-9NE:2)=R54K]0=92.#XUDHLON3#9C?62:!PS
AV[2P2J%\=0
M0Y9)AV/V
YCOU$N\S0V


M:.4

D*K7Y+%


U/FTOB9^:A?E3JK?LC^8?\[^W)JB






U-M'










=(P$AQ6-I0





WXP


+MK'Y/)2KJ-K






DTGFAHMM;NH
'4.#4
`M323QZ=(TV2/2:6?NISY9

MA*/U/F





MW7O?NO=)#?V/WOE=F[BQW6^Y\#LS?59C98=L;IW1M.JWS@






MZ2%G16:*0]0[QA









K(WVHQ4_P`QTBO:



4@O(EF'IJ-4?\`
]^Z]U[W[KW7


W


M$


J\F-G=08B



M;3D8@LY'K\RR1_MHY]

MMK_PJ8Q







M/JSL'?&1Q^T-F8+(?(7?&XMTYF2/'XB@VQMSM'?7\;W'D*Z0+&
?BJ7!SB69

MTPCMD-P[

.WA_

MCU;/#'MO8





WEL#

MMW
MF^P[W?\`+NZP[OMS:;F)JT\F7@R
/-6%0?VBA`(^JA\1_E%UK\S/CSUI\C.J


M



]1DT47
!\S^R.^;8&NN7


'YA=9IZ.

N]]\9'^8+V






MW7NOGF?\*:OB_3]+?/+%=U8#'14.UOE'L&CW?5M`K10-V7L1J79^^XXH`#$K
M5.'&!R





M8W!/C]H0UR.K&7&=?[*.W\3+0NB:339F;-KZF)8^G3#.]^\W..Z$I9O'8VY\
MHEJ]/G(^HU^:!.ICV7V:Y.VL![Q)+VX'G*U$K\HTTBGR





7D8:BDJ$#`
I9=2.H92&`(46EW=6%REY92/%=1F





M?\Q?-[!DJ7&-[CZW_MP46DM%+G=J93;/8&-KF*V*346'VUDXD))334N"Q4
MK#7OC8BYY.6[`[[:[C:O]%PT9'YEE/Y=3'['WQMN


AUL&_[G

NV2;5NJ![=Q@_B1AP=#
MY

M9]K[WP:RO

ECS7LL6\6)HKBCI6I
MCD'Q(WV'(-!J4JU*'K!WFCEN^Y5WF79[[+(:H]*2,_Z_(C!%3I8



M2U&*WC7



%_XLUU=_P\GV9[F/V-_P5T?\`YX9?^/Q]0[[X_P#*F)_S


[M_]]+NWW%WO)_RH-U_S5A_ZNIU*'L[_`
K[






T\M*=L=P]F[=-+/*LTU

M\TR





CT1B](

MLO3T[II6\M;5.C7;UBR`7;=[^;Y$:;I96TZ?\+9XF_:QE'[%'01W'V%V245V
MN]N8'_X8J2K_`
9$1'YD_P3JE_Y#_\`:7^8QTZM5D^L\=UO\E-NP++.K=:
/_##3'K0\:SU[`VNJ]W*](^*%`?]
M.SL1P_X6*Y]*CA3=K]XR]9




M





M^8A04&S$JHNF/DA#0B7+=*;PRU

WI7_`+R=K;[AI?N*3KSK7%3P#/;@G+H\#9.L::*@Q<#^FIRE7`CZ
M8O)(@6YQYIL^4-CEW:YHTWPQ)7

MXI7IB.

M?
D_R`X`#```&!UG3MVWVFU6

XK9VUMR':V+W55[QRFZ:2LI]U92@HV
MW*








Z)?:_MLV3K



MO

:PII




/R26/X+N(_\?7_G[KYUWO
/K#_KWOW7



M#'+30@?





M(P/R8+I_VW0.Y_W@['R??7Z&D_@F-#YZY2(U(^:ZM7^UZ^5C[SPZP3Z][]U[

MB%5\KNC/8?;N


9
M8^9\E4#+

S`]95

MB7_A2!CZ.M_E3]OU-3#Y9L1V!TKD


H
MUZK:E4B4_9IV7GVV53AH9@?L\-C_`(0.HL]Y$5N0[AF&5FA(^WQ%'^`GKYN/
MO









*

MO6T6V[0?V=QCT]P!*_:IJI^8Z'+V5]&G5-/\W7^;KUK_+;ZU.W]OG#[]^4





:(H49E;7M=ALMA'MNV1+







MF@`_SG`XG'7T[/Y37\MC9O\`+:^-U'L?5C=P=X=AKB=T=][^H5+P9C=5/23+
M0;3V]4S0P5;;'V'%73TN.\BQO4S35-:T4+U;0QX0\_\`.ESSIO1NNY-KAJL$




M





HSE/#&IDJ*_!T:#ZF\H^T?
C;#S9':RM



_*=M?RFM[&





(*:)B%=M*
5[SO&W[!MLN[;FXCLX5J3YD^2
MJ/-F.%'F3T9[-L]_OVY1;5MB&2\F:@'D!YLQ\E498^0'7TR/Y8_\L?IG^6OT
MRFT-H)2[N[?W=2T%7W)W)5T4^8WEF*=#(F'PZ2&6?`[P

M25







4^XQN;W--6
M8?8NW



MBN([6
_AAC4?\:?Q''Y-U*6V^SW(VW@&6WDNI!^*:1C_`

M]O@?UY!##LWX:_&#!O`T+K70=&];U&8=Z:5IJ:2ISE;MRIS%7+32L6C:6=VC



M6W_.)/\`H'H'-Z?RZ_@/V'#-%O#X8?%_


PN6QJ)UPU^;@!DK_232OF_GU#
M_,?LGS!M:-<[+(E_;+G2!HFI\D)*O3^B^IO)/+K6WW!M[/[2SF5VSNK!YC;.
MY,%75&+SFWMP8RMPV<PV3HY&AJ\=E<3D8*:OQU=2RJ5DAFC21&!#`'W,\,T-
MQ$L]NZOX!5E(92#P((J#Y$=0U-#+;RM!.K),A(96!#`CB#0@CS!Z9_;G3


O+-M;IO



:A$`]YQ[5M5CLFWQ;7ML8CLX5TJ!_
D^;




MP7QM[:W'7R3S9N.

?*F_P`A
OPVTK'XO(0N

Q^].U<U%@.ONKMJ93=VYLBY0S&DQL-X
;C8&=#7YO-USQ4




M-D:+#1SR5%'M;:]!!#B-H;1Q\DG+46V=M4%+1J]E
[1-*XUR
3GORYL=KRWL
MMOLMGF*!*$^;


MUB@@@@B5I9III6HB@LS$`_O3
%!9B`H%23Y=;`+$*H)8G`Z^@W_(=_DZ+\
M

%)'MK:^5I899^@MDYFG:.?$H':84_96ZL=+IS$ZZ)L

1K_@IEM[5^W7









MZ_E1V;GT:IB











IH\?($%K


MVP

MJ)
2NH$7'(/LGYAD



3RM-VKV-59

M;1IEIY*]








M;;%NVUN)+.5:@^8/FK#R93AAY'U%#UAMO.S;AL&Y2[5N:&.[B:A'D1Y
I\U8


5@\/T]

M






M*/ACQQ$?%A_&0


79M..T:JGHLYT1TYN6@=ZKJ
MZ&4+4T'9.^
95$0P]BU







XKS&KR/:?66*GC9D-.M/
MAMI;AK*5XD$8E6:27/30EV4JJ6D
6Q@]_Y&.Y[=%C2L$A^=6=0?^.C^?63


M%_




M[[S



.+S3$_\`.0K_`
^]

M^H/_`';Y#W+7LI_RO
?_`#S3?X!U$WO5_P`J/)_STQ?X3U\YCWF/UAWU[W[K

M[S(]E8?Y%C?'ZES,W[&9_WG]G6'7O1-XO/








N5Z





L1_!&.YO(G2M1J!Z''
VP]A[
ZNV9MCKOKO;&%

2H^9MD;<
M+-*[W9H60CC)&


M(X^H^1W;T.6VCT=M^4P5
Z][]U[J3145;DJVDQ
MV.I*K(9#(55/14%!14\M56UM;52I!2TE)2P))/4U53/(J1QHK.[L``2?=694


OD4C(X1^3./[3@.S+Y/^V7M6-N\+F+F5*[AAHH
M&&(O









M[`GCV4[](L6QWLK5TK:3$TXT$;'HUV*







MJP]S?S./F?O6FGBJJ6D[ERO7=+50

MK(A#`D$$YV^W5@=MY(VVV848VPD(]#
3







M7'_V\



]^Z]U[W[KW7O?NO=?+\_G9
M_$:C^'/\PWN796V\4N'ZX[*EI.\.L*.&#[:AH]K=C5&0J<GA\9J)##BML[Z


D]6U]#_`
B'^:!W
MY1X_

%M#




M]35ML[?


MU[W[KW7O?NO=`A\C_D-U;\4^E.P._NYMP1;;Z]ZYPDF7R]60LE=D*F26.CP^
MWL'2

MJBB&;0N=7*G+-CRGLL6T60J5%9'IF20@:G/V\%&=*A5KCK!CFOF6^YKWJ7=[

C46Y.SX$

GP+E


DLTTLA5(XHT4LS




R&-3]C2:5/
MY'H*[ASSRAM9*WNXVJR#BJN)&'VK'J8?F.B'[Q_X4C_RK-LM*
+VEV5V&(TG
M=&V=TQORB6=HHX7CCB_T@8W8S!ZEI61-810T;:RBE&856WLQSY/_`&L$
/\`




;S^3^\?4&7JOM?%K\?



MI%



%1C
?N&?(4E4B5$9:*6))$UKJ47'L-7G+?
.WU




VJ




.=
SK+C?D'E
2D`5?')'FNN-Q5DLSM^







M3\R[=/4#1?0-4^5)4/\`DZ(^9XOJ.6MQ@H3KL9UH/.L3CKY&_OH+US^Z][]U


]UI7R1B#7]03587L





M2\M

O[6#Y_WK]G6'7O1#X7/

!A*NLPV33+SU6X
RE/
M0P(KHTDU0B@@D'V:;)MDN];Q;;3#7Q+B=(ZCR#

MM-31;P.]#YE5)_:QHH^9Z^0[F\SE-QYG+[ASE;-DLUGLG7YG,9&I(:HR&4R
ME5+79MJ&4*IFJJN=Y'(`&IC[Z%11QPQK#$`L2*``.``%`/R'7/F61YI&FE)













MR
O$NX^T]UV1?.^?WWE4FS+TM3
&E^PI6I
5!([?;TL*G3[Q7YBYOYAYIF\7

YS0\=(





M'0[

MF#QF1S6:R-#A\-AZ&KRF6RV4JZ?'XS%XS'T\E77Y'(U]7)#2T5#14L+RS32N

4*S8[(=K
M9FC<0EZ$4[RTNWH)T,E)CY9IR(Y:Z:*/,GVOY!3E+;?K]P4'?[E1KX'PDXB(
M'UKF0C!8`9@G#CW/Y]?FS<OH;!B-@MF.CB/%?@92/3B(P<A23@L0*'?<J]1

MIWMN&2-Z';FW:%I55II29)I62GCFJ)8H7)=_P8=IY9V]MRWB41VXP!Q9V\




MFU\F6_C8GWIUH\Q'#U2





]&MAON];7_`


O[%?7&/]XZ'&V^[W
M/.WD![E+F
?AFC5OVLNB0_[WU;[T5_PK+IVFH\?\F?B7-#3GQ_Q#=O16]DJ9
MELH$OV?7F_X:1'U/=EU[H6P.DWMJ





M'L+)7E:[BI\.X




TT2U$OR5$\4!D0320T_5V^HY
MYHXB=;Q0/4QJ[`$*9%!MJ%YV]@P?ZQWK4Q]%_P!98_\`



W$7D@


6:ZN_]Y/LSW
?L;_RNC_\`/#+_`
?C



6
K(1YZ')D0_94N@^2=;$GN'^I



^LL@HQ'^DC)!_YJ+U`_OES&+3:


M4D_(#)ZO%%)/*L
*EI78*H'$DF@`^9.!U]:OX0?'#'_$7XD?'_XXT!IY)NK.

^\OS#S!
M=[R]:3S


MKW7O?NO=7Y?\)M.EU[5_F=;

Z&ZQ[)[;J1
@:E%?-CJ/K#!%BS*A

1]NC3_@)ZBGWGD9.19E'!

LQ_L)<^_P#*E[I_SPR_\</0




MH4W[_
4S/8]92.]%T9T3OS=./K_$7BIMU;RKL#UKCJ1I`RB&:MVONO-NA-[K



MZ[=0Z\
T[Q



M5B



MD;%]`N1X[CBM?\`?:_C(XGL!KJ*_0AQ.)Q6`Q6,P6QF/PN$PN/HL3AL-B:




513U$4D$\$\:2PSPRH8
MY89HI`R212(Q5E8$$&Q][!*FHP1UH@


WNG[816$;\R\MQZ




M69)E(*LI(((R







M8J*KVSU6E;*
'LNCR$+/C]W]LU^/ECJL5AV2TU+B8)(\KEE*:#2TTAKHY+Y!
M]MMRYRF%W

M.-
LY_B=CEF^9.!@4``&(N^;_N_
=\VX;Q





@`.@^;HHZFKE_




MN

T_TR$?STG]G6



7_'Y.LN_8[_E3'_Y[I?\`CD76


MV]D8VH\5/I)EA\F[XO(]QXVTQU\9_=_A+;AN5QG2L
*_[TSGC_`+0_S].L
M?/?Z8+8;;;XU--

M
7:$DS(C
L49WAU?))`1&AEE5;FPU










32-)$V2W!N#*U
%!CJ-&$E775



]^Z]U[W[KW7





TC#[-I\_-_]
MGRR,]@;(%]RW%AD&-3]NMG_`





MNJY`9JRMGEGE+22

^0]`!A1P```P.L\]MVZT



MS_/`_EUI\`/ES7KL7%/1_'OO1
KV#TSXU)I-N&.JIUWMUFLFA`/[C9C(Q&C7




.(V5-BL[\HNV\;DZ/J3;%5X:NGVEC4#T.0[9W

ER&38K=@96&-9XB)3



69F-69CQ

]^Z]U[W[KW7O?NO=6E_#C^<G\^OA.V)P_7?<



M/1:D
@_TC*/6O6VO\*_^%+GPY[^?&;1^2.+R7Q/[#JEBIQEMP5DF[.FLM6O(
M8E6FWYC\?2Y+:K2JOE?^-XZCQ]
AT&OE87./_



$
T-Q$L]NZR0.*JRD
I!\P14$?
M



!_Y^_EUIQ^\C


MM=A'&BWTJ`




_R5[WJ

W'H4G%CW[W(3




MW_



M_P!^*

MUZ

M4U51(D4





M
]70X[&4
32O'!LM3.NN65TAA0%Y&5%9@FO;RVV^TEOKQQ':0H7=CPJ*D_






MK&+!3(5#%5)8#/V\D6+G?;&:M#=H/S;M'\SGY=`WW#C





ME=\]J91L/L#JS:F3W9N.KB1):R:GH8PM)BL53/)$M9F\[DI8:&@I]2FHK*B*
M

M9[HF]:QFJU/#4*-Z
.MQGX%?\*8OC=WK_]B?,+T7QA[+G^UHXM\T=1DLWT

M(O8








MS


M


%\;
'NWY2;[B2HIZ+)T5%7

R9#=.ZL;'NO+)3SOJ5
;A)Z6L6)@M;$K1RM*O+_LCS+N+++O31


MQ#!ZTX/G+_

=3@.K=DF?R('P^VS65D
MN1RJ4\C1')Y.HK\H\1
9J/'9!D;ROR7L'*-OX6TQ?KL*/*]&E?[6H*#STJ%6
MN:5SUCIS1SGOW-UQXV[2_H*:I$G;$GV+4U/EJ8LU


J




_V?A$7(-FXI^H\[?LFD3/^\_LIU=_




..WIG5D@TLH\IJ

'LA&'YV




M0RHK3U=7
]14S
L:I&K2S2
)9TE)2FE;45`D
M=D*(KGUNWO[WCF,O/UVG^^XX%_;C_G\7GUF=[.P^%R%:O_`+\DF;]DSI^7


W-[G!WW0W([GSS?R5K'%((5^7A*



RE%58[(T-2@DIZRAK8)*:KI:B

M2.((R#U5T21#&X!1@00?

7
M+UN-VGNS*X;%9$-)9Y(LGC*2&H1CRR2@GZ^^A6Q;B-WV6TW0?\2+:.0_(N@)



6D!%IQM\
&U'5Y2+#3SBQ[^QTWVQEK\5H13_2R
?^



M.YWU*:DUVTZZ95P^0K515ER.(FQN49%5/N=`T^PGS-R3R[S9%IW:`&Y`HLJ=

MM532I/3U-/.BRP5%//$S130S1



M[]U[HY?\O3XV5'RZ^:OQP^/HI):O#[\[+PIWFL04O#UUMGS;N['JE+@Q++!L


PF1!+)\RM@2)$742/'%TE\A%ED




'V3VKBZB.]M?%58C!2CSF?145R1B










M;D-_G'S6]H;PW?(5F&R\+2QG_:R



\S_P#'^LH/8/\`
]^Z]U[W[KW

+NWLW
X[94BR:XUZZV8

+ZB3GUR9LHY?Y7LMJI26.`%_^:C]\G_&V









DDBQR5^3J*:

M;^?/P4VU4+1[C^:?Q+P%6_DTTN;^1O3V*J&\+F*73!7;Q@E/BE&EN/2W!Y]G

ZZH=LW!U]5MYB/Y)T2R\U\K0G3-N6WHWHUQ/\+]+L?Y-?&[LZKI:

M%1;'[7V'NRKK&K$
E&M+38'/U\U0U7&-4813Y!RMQ[176

]^Z]UJC?\`L7$S3?%[XMYU9(A
M3X[OO/8F6$Z_
\V:Z\R]9!)'92GBB3`R![D&[K8'FT]^P4@&^WT7FUHI_P!Y

ODMVP_WJ





'0G5E340WIZK*Y5L;NWM#*TID962HQ&-IL'10S(K*Z9&LBU*4=3
MCI[\\P!8;3EF%NYCX\OR`JD0/VDNQ']%3UD3[#[`6FN^99E[5'@1'U)H\I'V

ME=C_`/
P]^?^'GNC_P!WE=[Z


M[)YZ&_\`$


_LMZ
M



M_%

M



]C;

M?]NO/A5_XAG&?^[?



MW[KW7O?NO=)_=N6J


M6$!PKHQ6]B#S[=MXQ+.D35TLX!I\S3IFXD
4#RK34J$BOR!/7QM_?1SKG1U[

M1V)APO\`+




/







^V_?2;);[!U);N36X_X7%0@'_32%2/\`2'J=?8O8?J][
MN-^F6L5I'H0_\

M0TU%0:]`KFOG[E[E!-.XR%[\BJP1T:0^A85`1?FY%172&(IUIL_+O_A2/\]?

:L@R`8AA-@:'`LH`

Y$@;0^Y0$_T0[C]J




M











I*A)9#H!_#&O;&OI4(!JIQ:I\





M3PZ]U?C_`_O^$^/S^838/??;%#4?%[HBO6FKTW3OW$2R]C;LQDA$EMD=8R
MU%!EHHJN'28\AFGQE$T4JS4PK0IB
3\V^[O+O+NJUV\B^W45&F











M?4R1M


ODUF1_O
C'_

M^Z]UO:_\)/




G54_6



MB97WPCO?!6`'RID&4C(4X4$%@:@=:4W0_P`?/E-_
/\`D'+LSK/#[O[I[CW[


D\[QT].LU5-



7-?O/S!
29C4LQ+,3\R:D_GU+\$$%M$(+9$CA44J

JL)3%YJBOW%C\124U
M!O?:N+HP)*G+XVGII:6-9):JA@IX7J3DQR-[O;=S%(FU[VJ6F\,0%(/Z,K'R
M4DDHQ.`C$@F@5B3IZQHYY]HMQY=C?<]E9[O9U!+`C]:)?5@``Z@9+J`0*ED
MC5T13^6+_-C[]_EM=@QG;M75]@=`;FRM/4=F=&YC(RIAL@KM##5[HV14R^9-

M(J:A;DCG[=N3+O\`1)FVEV_4@)P?5D_@DIYC#8#`T%/I/?&OY(=1?+7I?9'?

S
$EC)1I

MQ+25:@\#P*L/)E./7A44/0Z^RKHTZ][]U[KWOW7NM8;_A5GBZ:;X%=&YIS



]


M=W_A0G_



MF[T^3.5^7N^L)]SU;\8YOM]ER5D2O0[@[XR]!')ADA5[K/\`Z.MNUQR\A%GI
MLC4XN12;FT(^]?-8VO9%Y=M6I?WPJ].*P`Y_YR
-`]5$@ZFSV5Y5.Z;VW
-T
MM;&Q/97@TY';_P`XU.L^C&


DQU%+59:KGI



M_P`


WDNH(5BL[^P:











*QQ`_-F&IJ?T4H?)AQZEWE
M[V3YDW(K-O+I8VIX@TDE(^2J=*U_I./-3PZVPOA3_)K^'P;&
SO7O55+V#

A3HEJ[:R5-!3[:V%






ME%L[







+@?M)'0EY+5GYPVH**G]XVY_(3




BREI_O48ZAW






MH@24B3T'](T!=J59O0!5&;G*/*6V\H;4NW6(#3D`RRD`/*_J?114A%K11ZDL



M[.H_]TN?]]Y.O[6VVD6YCFA9F\1QJ&H*49:G5%'_04-_

H_YT7Q




MM=PT4+G11?PIQ%1YUHRHJ
([2NLTU#1HHL]TN2$YKV4WEF@_?MHI:
@9D09:


)C&ECJ




'^([VWE5H






!:66V^GO&_T2`B
U]2M#








^V-DQU45BLM'L_KY=NU
].6%VI\





















M]U$R&/H

A05D+T]915M'4))3U5)54\C1

?(?V?`405;K2![6ZE[
Z-W]N+J





M0WQ+_P#$

O&ME:-B7]KK#WGYZM)0]S/#=1URLD
:BGVQ+&1^W]O#I!?^S/(UW$
P_Y<'R3RO16],Q#O';V2PM)O
M7J_L6BQ[XNDWSL3)UE=04M?48MJFN_@NX,7D\94461H?/-X*B'7&\E/-!-)D
M]R7S;9\Y[*NZVRF.96*2QDU*.`16@U*005:@J#0@$$#&3G/E*\Y-WIMKN6$
MD+*'BD`H'0D@&E3I8$$
M30BH)!!.V#_`







_;__




ML?%A_OS!`



M]U]EK%XVDPV



MI9C^0\AQ)X`9..DE]?V6V6K7NXRQP6B#+NP51^9\SP`XDX`)ZU6/G3_PJ.Z\


M

^<T;_P`QR^+O-U+
*U$TC7_`$L:T1?MU]2




[W)\2
%33PF2IC@WIV[F
I12F
M


MQ'-C4


]A=@K&PIED0DH]W97L`I1R6X^\!?
/\`%-LB0_TYF?\`X[''Y_ZO



M/=_42[C

M.D.ENG:08_J+J'J_JR@$*4PHNN-@;4V/2GC54C@%-MG$XN$0QH@IIT@``#




MTM)`D4:?I2-%50%`'O!/W&55YXW
*`!]4Q_
@$_M.3\^LZ/;IBW(^V%B2?IE











M8ZO%(\
BS1$K*C`@CR(-0?R/7UPOAY\C-M_+;XP=(?(S:TU*U!VKU_@]Q9&C

%JMK;OH:['2C6UI*8\GZ^^??

M

]^Z]U[W[KW5<7\Q3^6%\</YCW6T
MNV^TL




M=@=BX:*JJ-A]F[=IYEC&;VIEYH8@:BG$L8KL=.(Z_'2R(L\862&27
GE;FS:


ML8X8RQHL2+^0`'^`#KGX!)-(%%6E=OS))_PD]?7N^.?3F'^//072_1.`\+8G

M-VN=UFKXEQ.\A^6MBP'V`&@]`.NA&S[='M&TVVU14\.W@2
'UT*`3]I(J?4G
MH9_9;T9=:
G_``K+_PRAOB7_P(8WM_[W$/O*+V!_Y)&X?\]*?\
M2QM__/
__'^EG_PDF_YF'\W?_#




1!N(+9B].(\1J

MPIC5ZJEVQ6LH)!(A-@0#9)[_`

MYQ#
DJ_9*I5@/D#&#]K?

WHK0Q1Y\%158;M.LD8A
M0LB4@#-=8U






U34S14]
M/3Q23SSSR)%#!#$ADEFFED*I'%&BEF9B``+GWL`L:#)/6B0HU-@#K6F_F7?\
M*
(
MJ%QR








J$\J)6`^I]Y#?=_53
M?;F].X10BOR+25_;0?LZQZ]_F866V+7M





_TW'Q
/-$S4$
R'K1C^6_SC^3_`
XM]OOW

MGV#B
E#&NX-ST









MSJ
\I_8B@_\`'A_/K1X]Y/\`6




MF'\(O_#
[R_]WG67O)G[OW^XFZ?\U(/^.R]8S^__`/N9MG_-.?\`X]'UI_\`

M/_5#_MWGW)_XN;V'_[Y#X[^\2O?G_E;[;_I6Q_]7[CK++V(_P50N?^EE)_








@8K]IG^P=G8+(`!
M'0ZS09*0*;V#6)!%P1Y[8QK+SYMJMP$Q/YK&[#^8'0$]S9&BY$W)EXF%1^32

)JQH+$4TLO'4:UKU;%
M_P!!7OS)_P\<_C+_P!2.T__`+87L`_ZPG+G_*9??]4O^M?0]_U^N8_^4.Q_








Q66^PCH-N[!Q%=$



)N/[((_/O**

M*I0Z1FIR66R=12T%#3B215URR*NI@+W/MV&:YE6W1I)V-`J@LQ/H`*D_ET




M\A\+TUUY%48;:F


#SHHXNU**/5BH(KY.Y2O\`
J?BITOL+H3I7;<.V.O.
MO,+#B,11J(7R&1J6GRNXMP5L
%


'=YWB_















!^=%=13Q55'6_
7Y-U=)4P.)(:BFJ.Z]



M_B-_Y7O_`.!B[I]QO[N_].\W#_FQ_P!I
/4C^TG_`$\+;_\`F_\`]HTW7TSO




M_P#$








M`*OW'667L1_RJ%S_`-+*3_JS;];


MTGR&V7-91'64_9LM94[U*(A:.!:/M/'YZ!(P05@CC:RAU'O-OVIWL;UR5:EC


MJ(*RCGFI:NEFBJ:6JII7@J*:H@=98)X)XF66&:&50R.I#*P!!O[TRA@58`J1


M#_M_X

T]YX7/509?-3ZE
M,%`UQY$O_JA]1F]N]JU]M-U9)\<UO(@^UT91_AZPDVBZ6QW6UO7^&XC<_8C
MAC_@Z^P0K*ZJZ









]TR#YTMKB3_GS





[&-90]-];=W]Z
M9.!I12Y$XC#]8;+K0BGQ













U\C_`+OBBN[M0:@+

0SV_\`





`$NZR*/%G([FX55/


C%_EUE;[*<JQ;?LIYEN5!O[RHC)XIK4QZ&1













7=/N-_=W_IWFX?\`-C_M)AZD




M8^]U65.0-Q+&@T1C\S-&!_






MEV*X:EM?)5*\!-'4@?+4A8?
]^Z]U[W[KW7O?NO




/F\IM
F3;

M:/=/4W86[^O

K!CT



\;?:C%:CY&E1\
MNOJ!_P`I[Y-4GRT_E^_&KMALFF2W13]?XSKSL8M4K/7P]B=9QC96Z)\H@DEE

9(\8\.3O6GJ%!T&GFI
M'EUF_P`A;VN_\I65_JU3B$1R9SXD?8U?0M36/DP/GU8I[!_0PZT9/^%9?_90
MWQ+_`/$

M`(23?\S#^;O_`(9G1O\`[O.S?:;[P/\`N)M?_-2?_CL72GV`_P!S-S_YIP?\

W63'6AC_`

ML`ZM[

M^=Y_PIA^3-+W5_


M%?W+V#8HR*HMU.X^;6TR1_80%D/K1AP\R[8-H9/;;?M]D!H[6L'Y+<PO)]H
M)








$A0![&MCL^T[6NG;;6

'9CP]N1AXL[`Z$\R%X:Y*<$!\P6*J

G

*`


MO].=LYYX&JDPG6F^\NU

M=5GI*O+4E/4PLT;)(JRPR
I*D$7X(/MBZ=H[:1T-'$;$?:`:=/6RJ]S&CBJE

M``KCR5)+D_@+B$D8UU#0_)W)5
6APJ4F5J/C_2T4@D(\;M)-AJ@%025T@FP8
M7R3^[ZC!-VD/PDVP_















MK@H9B6XT4\N261A]2JD#GV.O;.



M+/\`W#B_YIK_`


H0B%E



M/7#`T)XK1O/K`KFG8+GEC?;C9KFI\)^QOXXSE']
J14#@U5XCHH_L0]!_KWO


M2*:)TDC=05((]M30PW

0O6SS[A




U-6TT4JBZ#V8[1NM[LFY0[MM[:+N!PRGR-.*GU5

I\F`/7RI_F#\7.T_@E\GNP

\^-AW/MJ:1
ILCL';E1#
TU)!F\68*I`DIFH:H2

*$8(ZP1YAV.^Y6WN;

5[KF[?H=I@#`G5*X_P!#B!&I


=$:%R254$C
M.DFPV3;*MIAVRT@^Q4CC7_`%'6#0%_O6YT75-N5U-]K/)(W^%F/7TI*?^5CL

M-4XQ




%!9B`H%23Y=;`+$*H)







3\#0'_JO$O_/W
M4E^T









T$TFZ.Q*!W548M293I
M?LG&5\-G5ETU-#5R1DVN`UP0;$1][JJK\@;B&%1HC/YB:
C^8ZD#VL=DY^VX





%WGEH455*U$DW1'8




_=^






M`


MGM95AP_7GR;S





=?+?\`GI\&NX_Y?'R&W)T;VM22U


UEI#


MV*C+56'C@CW1F


M10&E*@O`=!+F/DCEOFN:.XWJ`R3Q*55E=T.DFM5(J`:D5K0DTXGHH%+\2
M_P57_)+H=Q_


=3TU:]5C=D;:JZE)*FOR4RB.#+[XW+
M]M#)ELAXT\IAB@B5*:G@C3)_DCDO;^2]J^CM_P!2^DHTTI%[`8`]$6I+Y5
[L--+2



MA.@.Y
NU




0


[Q^3KYGK'9$])4R09;;.R4H(O\`
ICU?;N/<I^TG*8YDYE%U=KJVNQI*


AAIAD]VFIV)VK)34^I


M?^:;$
/L615'`E*2_L7O9S1MB+!N:17\BE7JDM/^:B@@_:T;





M_P\X_C+_PC:VG_`/7#W[^H?.G_`$:[[_G$_P#FZ]_7SDS_`*.EE_SE3_/U
M[_AUG^6O_P!YQ_&7_P!&UM/_`.N'OW]0^=/^C7??\XG_`


_Z.
MEE_SE3_/U[_AUG^6O_WG'\9?_1M;3_\`KA[]_4/G3_HUWW_.)_\`-U[^OG)G


?]YJ],_P#GSR__`-9_?O\`6XYY_PC9<_L'^?KW^N/

MC_\`1RMOVG_-TI\?_-H_EH9.CAKJ;YO_`!RBAG\FA
AV1A
16+XI7A;S8_*S

E?)$NM;
MU8$L/R!SJC%6VN]J/2-B/VBH_GT^G/\`R4ZAEW.SH?61


KNRBR*

MN#_+H9-N?*#XT;QF%/M'Y$=%[IJ#
M



/(X/1DK*


_Q3^9O64/



MOW7NM)?_`(5L_P#

M67?L=_RIC_\`/=+_`
]






M;[=-Q[/S$L

O%2
]!SF?E;:.;-N.W;JE0*E'&'C:GQ(?\(-5;@P..OG8_P`Q?^4/

M7






M):K-_
;K7.O'TL5'UW2;L[0JZIPH,=-$O7NW=R0133.P4&:2*-;NZ*K
JR









MTUO'45']Z\G3E]QM0NEIZ7!TV6KXKB]/8^PAS'SURQRLI&Z7*_5`5$*=\I_V

_9$/]N?BIYA`S#TZW$O@K_P`)J?B;



MP]#2XS$XG&4
4U#CL;CJ**CH:&CIHUCBAB1(XT4*H``'N&I)))I&EE9FE8




-36]G[VAJYXX[Z5EJ(J






CF];_P`T;^8KU
T']ROFE\BH

MJ=LLRQXE8UC8_PVCM_/H267//.%@1]-N5X%'`-(SJ/]JY9?Y=62=._\*:/



`^&GS%IX6^




2@$!1H

!]FO5_A)ZOO]Q1U*






MR5N`@K^:NK#^8Z''MK(T?/6VLO'QZ?DR


M-*L-%O#/=5MY69\((M)*\2%K\6




G_/-#_@/68GLK_RH\?\`STR_X1UL



K#^8










M(=Q_%#?5=YI2W5T-%ENKZBMF8'[FNZJS;Q4F/AA4:8Z;`9'`TJBY
;$W]RUR

5?4Q


M




220_P`O



M:MKXPQ_LJ2?Q[O/*-)R9NBKQ^@G/Y+&Q/\`(=GD=UCYRVMFX?7P#\S(H'\









MFT-:U*U04=?5

MRI-WYL_$JL.C6)L]+48*FD.ME'BAJ









VY\I[LFZ


*J

^U\V;6NZ;6U5.'0_'&_FCCU]#P89&.L
M).9N6=TY4W1MKW1:



?
MRC[Q^'O;FW^[?C_OG);&WU@6$$LM
?/A]R8.6IIJG([4W=A93]CN+:^7:DC^
MXI)U*ED26


M^*BJ.P.FJS)B1




P^&GQT0
P1ODW3LRW.DLG5

M



LT2R





LL_P#?




T2*%?EWM(?^?/\/6/?O]
%LMLM


\
N

IJ#;1?\`






MMB\UAE/^]


G_/-#_@

:^5-KYNV
MMMMW):

T63_`&KT:A?+GVZ]















H:6AKI%#?52;



?
MS8.]

M-P^'R#:O2GB23-]M)76O_&:?EUAE[Q2^)S[=)6OAQPK]GZ2-3_C5?SZHT]RC

M^ZO:?6FZ/)10_P!V^P-FY[S9)_'CHOX/N/&Y#R5\GFI]%$GV]Y3Y([(=2_4
M)-PB^HL)X,G7ZXXY4C'S].E=A+X%]#/CLE1L\



R*VNPHMN[_V?N#)O^VD
MC:H\;C)6'&FXY*BY`\]L9%BY\VUGX&8C\VC=1_











?/H]Y7E
'



MW7USOA3_`-D;?$K_`




J-)_ST



_\`Q_K4R]S_`-0'U[W[KW7O


?X]
8]X8^\K



M][]U[KWOW7NBP?+OX?=#_.#IG.]'?(':$6YMJY1OO\-E*644&ZMC[G@IYX
7

MFCK^)3^T&C*0P!!'S#R[M7




$'CTY#-+;RK
M/`S)


:[(XG'*M-3XOLC&XZ!:G)XRG!AK8UFK:)(X4GIJ7$;W-]

MX`XD#%)`



MZNQ]07[]?\JY9_\`/;_UBDZT













M_;;UV;MWRM`M





M6I0_


MHX0WH#+M+



MR6B:H6V`SM!E3J@1XWF7_).4#*6^@(O?VFO8/JK.:V_WY$R_[TI'^7I39S_3


M^_XR6%^+_IL,P/8^U-OR49C_H]Y*_[`D?\`UC/6(/O==XYU\$?Z!9Q)^TO



M%`?V$'H['L

93_`#T?RZQX]_YM-KM=


MH'VB






M96B=TEC+Q2`24U;1544=12U4+1U5'511SP21S1HZJ[_O=LNX[_;Y7AO(FJK
MJ:$'_,1@@X()!!!(Z27]A9;G:26&X1)-9RK1D85!'^0@Y!%"`000#UH'_S;
M_P0?V;\

M+IG8HQ-0TP(R2*(C75&67M][L67

$'CTY#-+;RK/`S)
M

MO']Z;6QNI6WMMFAA
$
&\

M4MR]
^.)





M]EZBK:7)45)D:&=*FBKZ6GK:.IC)
=12U423T\\9(!*2Q.&'^!]\X&5D8HPH


M&K'\ZG/SZP+YWG^HYQW26M1]=

MN6=NN:U


MJ*)RJK

*[_R?;J[5O;






M:LH82[)34^9Q.UHZ]E4+JFJY)&&MW)SRYV?]Q\H6&WL*3`._KKE)D8'UTE



8BLAR&
R-)+8^.JHJVG26-OPZ@^VY8HYX

MFJ`-$R$X\V<OS\K\P7.S3`Z(W)C8_CB;
;?.JT!IP8

M)YGLDRQ+I(DDQS&X\=C/WL'M9EW:]WAAV0P+$I_I2MJ-/F!'0^@;Y]0%[];H





M%##=RI_O
C+\_3U/70?8+L7^Q65Z#436D3_[U&I^7KZ=&`]E/1MU[W[KW7O?


]/
699H9J/8Z










M;FFQ/7&[:V12IH)?%M^ME=6UXTK+)43WR#[QW&VA-IYK+S6`H$N




EB
MCY1)#

MXFPCY_Y)NN2]X-OW/M4U6@D/FOFC'AK2H#4X@JX`U4&;'('.MMSGLXN#I3=8















J))
M%(A5@&!'O-N.2.6-98F#1



]GI]C[`FC4*TD_P!GN[<5'421I9FAA?U(`744<E[-
M_6#FFRVIA6&2<%_^::=\G[44C[3T%^=-Y_<'*U[NJFDT<!?\U'[(_V.P/V`











I;XL%]/W6W


M

M)Q*FH@_FN=+105$T

4P/S_28Y_
`_EU]







_E8_*





M)^0?6$[U?\(F&&W[LN:KDI





MT
OLMZ


M






EV2F]OY9E#M

M![3A9(F`
=+45'8DQ4K=&D62QU!P


M[K50_GJ?R.Y?D(=T_
SX@;9:3O:*G;+=Q].X2F_YG+34-
B3[RV/CX%`7M6F
MI8`:R@C6VY$7R1#^*AER4\^UON@-H\/EOF)_]U5:0S
?[$D_`Y_WT3P8_P!G






MHW'P%[


MFG_?I8&$9T$



MMT$-'YCLW]=[$$BAIS,(AF\)V-X6=&BDE]!1B0VL!)$N??W?6_W#L;2/\`

M\S@.[^P612&FW?V[644LI
$

MP$\H'Y@
`?V='$/)?*%OF+;+`$'B8(R?R)4G^?0U8/XQ_&S;TR[;^/?1^WE
MHZI:VC7!]3[Q*TM:DBS)5TPH

.

5Q
I/H[#_

MY(Y(YHY*P9#:E0*IXY8492^HAE!'('M?%S-S)!3P-PODT\-
\HI]E'QT@EY9
MY;GKX^WV+UXZH(C7[:IGH%]Q?RH?Y:NYS4')?!WXU4WW





5#'O-
MW



M-W%WSNO2V`ZAZWWAV#D*8R+%)DAMC!UN4IL/2LQ`-=FZRGCI*=?J\\Z*.2/9

M?-C@?

BS[MZLIIE21`ZB:FJ
M=^15%/*`WJ215=#PP!!'M
?='D$$@[E%4?T)3_
1]*![7\^D`C;I:'^G$/Y%

MX^WU]RN174


8N;.59L0[GM['Y7$)_P/T72


MY2@I0J3R@JA/#


MT*?4




MRUR=+413T&VMR[



M




MZROVY-))/DNPMA8N-3JOY





















OE:CDDAR-.C#[BGA;T^\J.7N


MKCM.




[TU;054%;1U
9`DIZJEE2


M2IF\/C
NM
T@E:G7)44%8L#2A4$C1;26B]KV'OG)-'X4K15KI8BOV&G71B






]KXVVVRU_WV&B]?\`?3)3CY?+T'1#NR_^





U.V\_%!!G=OU&3Q]/6S83-
M04T]330Y;$R3FI2.21%FC8*SQ.*

1W]_L[G
L23*/^:;






M+N29Q;ZL?T&5_P!G;GY=#?VWF\#GG;7QFXTY_IJR?M[L?/KZE?O!;K.;KWOW

M[]U[KYO7_D?+29+^:GVG1OD:X#K;IC$PNC

M4!^I/O


$=8N21R12-%*I6520








;]9+)




MF








M?^?#=
?^BNV/_P#6/W[]\[O_`
I=S_SE?_H+KW[FV?\`Y1+;_G$G_0/7O]EQ
M^//_`#X;IC_T5VQ__K'[]^^=W_Y2[G_G*_\`T%U[]S;/_P`HEM_SB3_H'KIO

PJ!&)/
^WMN8MZEE\0T

&^[J

?\`

A%*=_[8V#V4(9-%@]0-NT?5!J4$G.E








M^*V\ZJBNTM+N2?C`UL*!K,\-3(BLI(((`RL.9N7=TH-NOK29SY+*A;\UU:


M!'KUGE%+%/$L\#!X74









M966GZ[^5F$&`Q\$\MJ#&]O[-ILCF]BY#]V713-N#$OE
*1$ADJZVLH5?TQ*5
6#:CZF%R%<?/2=+YX`/3CU
GLKS&=JYE.SSM2SOUTCT$



WDNH(









M1W






KY2`]8^\W^]=I*KV'+=LDRY'C3I5?MCB.3Z@R:?G&1UJ=B=A;L[5WGG]_


MR'L[.WL+9+2U!6!!0`LS&GS9BS



TF


MA15_+Q)*9$8/V%R-*THS+('(7(-_SI??BBV:)AXLM/S\..N#(1]H0'4U:JK;
M5F(_X2S?RY



M+_A








M

M?=S_`

Y?-;'S%9Y9



/]%.^XL?N2.AC#L):G;/9

OCYL%'K3H#









M






MU[W[KW7O?NO=.&)RE;A
KC
UC9?M\CB




M_&B.M.?^3S_/^W5\8O[K?&SYEY7.[\^.L/\`#\!L?M)EJLYOGIA711T6/RL
M0\V2WGU?C(]K3IY


L])6TE1$P



MQ%4Z















S.Q9R2Q\SD]&JJJ*%0`



CY*_

M1EW/J[FK









MLIXO8%9%[U\C24UR7*5_BA./MTEOY5Z1R^RW/$==$=L]/X9ES]FH+_.G0-[E

MR_90F;
_#Y&5H@9E?\`NEUSF=_EBM2M(?NQ(MR-4+Y6!!C#`Q7D'[8+`YM
J!2*X<3K\_%&IS_SD



M$!0*DGRZ^/5W5OY^UNY.VNT9`ZR=D]F[\W](LEO(K[QW5E=Q
)-


!]FJO\`A)ZOQ]Q1U*_7O?NO

MTLGL.GJ-%=WUW'UKUV\$;6G.'V]59#MG)50LZ

M[)[=];SJMT1VVEM))^;`1`?;20D?9U$7O7N/T?);6H/==W


MMZOR=3Y8]K;J4+Y)J8@XW*@%*A$F

M+Z'XDX@D54R)R-[B[KR;.(


M=/QMRTU;D
]^Z]U[W[KW7O?NO=?12_X3.][R]K?RWZ+KO)5C3Y?X[]L;YZWB
MBF.NJ_NMN!Z'L[;M6T@N6I!5[WKZ`




M'_\`


8.I1YDM&7``XMIZD/VOY









M_E'=6/W)_
M^%VREI_NXH.\]J[^KJ4QB6.HQ/4?W7;.8@GC965Z67%;)F64$

M)I%'[`P%/EPZ)[SE[8-PK]?96DQ/F\














M[]U[KWOW7NM)?_A6S_S

M`/W







M#XN?_*'I'^WRN:V]C\=/X:B-EDT2MXRIUV`/LBN.=.4+8TFW.P##R$\9/KP5
MB?Y9Z/8.3.;KD5AVR_*GS
$@'IQ*@?SZ
+M[^1O_`#6]SF$8WX;;[IO/4-3)









ZI:'



M^%9?3%'5=??$GY#TM*L60P6\=\=
















M32Q
&0G5#(&4U4K\:@@BN7'6XQ\/=]]_;_ZV5D/E-U36]/?(+4HVOVIMI\
MCMG
8'+;HPL%-'4;UV7E]H9C.8*MVEO&6.NITBG+4,TLU$X+TQ=\=.8K7:;
M3=I4V*X%SM#'5$U&#!6KV.'L'3X34=P`8?%UD3R[=;M=[3$^^VYM]W4:95J


MWBTGNAHAJ
B)35F]?U'`I\D!%0PZQ;][^:DOMPBY8M&K!:G7-0X

%\F)-RB'PJJQG=?5NP
6914
M`:Y6F_N8`4)M'H!'ZS[Q4]_(=/

M`*+

MSCT#\NL)/=/=!NO/%ZZ&L

M8(_86

MLH




M5M'?@@CC*
:IUDV2LF@%2%C+WLEC$'O=;^-R3XE/[&[B?[*AX_R^.G\O/J7?
M9*X





\&=?#4_8TFA2/L/5M7

6X'

MY*`G[).K1^JO^$G_`

MD32S$'TQ5D

MROKJ8_\`U2(?GJ$II]A!^?5C'6G_?W^51ULL
I^-C=@92)60Y;LOL;L?=#
M3(X`(FP2;HQVSV8?AAC0X_!]@V]]VN?+VH^M\%/2..-?^-:2_P#QKH8V7M+R


M)ECF6HBFES5-MY
M4313(I1Y)F9-V(K8*7G
_
FX`B]O[R53Y--(1^PM3^
M70KM.6.6[`@V5A9Q





M&&GG#VR]K6W[1OW

UF\SN3




]^Z]U[W[KW


M=4DR



8A%.&OXI#]










]^Z]U[W[KW7O?NO=59?S</YCNU_Y<
M?Q?S&^*:?'Y+O/L1

MJ6I:$O&U8DB#OV^Y-GYRWQ;5@5VN&CSN/)*X0'^.0C2OF!J:ATTZ`ON!SE!R
M=L;72D-NDU4@0^;TRY'\$8.H^ITK4:J]?


M+[GW-N#+5

M1[QQ^\#:DIM=Z.`


E`\HB:OBVG@*_

M-NFW?=;;:H/[:XF2


C*`)
AF\_D:G+96MD`X#U5?5R2

YU32.68^K
22?S)Z3_

M:DCC
=?[WIZ4D)2;RV3D?/@LUI@DDBAJC$E?1K*YI:B!VU^P_P`P\K;%S1:_

MFH5.D@YZW1/@;_PI@^

M2OW%UUYV-S'EQ4XZF0%I



MMY=6KTZ6C+W@CU^W]ZU::&@/V_KQK_S]7\NI+]H)-'N!9+2NM9Q]GZ$C?\^T






6`





MFCQDY+=B4#;FRTIC.DO55
6_;T2=UO+FX!\GD8J/L2ND?D!U)




M/X_YVDE^6'9F!^ZK


Q$2U2T_9E1-&

`_;\^I;]E=O6\YV6X85%K;2
MRCTJ=





MB5!_$Y[8U_VSE1\@:^71[RSLD_

?G2GGU]:#:

;1QQ(












6
M
V[\T?CW41SJM/3579_Q^JHYHIF.B#[O)]7;URT#TRK;S5
^4M^`&WWT!F;\#GPY*^FB323_`+6H]#U8+[/0NZ][]U[KWOW7NN$DD<


=3Y#;];'G^H^K:N:#2F8W3NC&2/B=X9K'
MR/=


'9V]-U=B=
M@[CRN[M\;WSV4W1NS<^<JGK,MGL_FJR6ORF4KZE^9*BKJYF8V`5;V4!0`,M[
M6UM[&VCL[1%CM8DHJB@55%`!]@ZQ*NKJXO;F2\NW:2ZE<L[
:EF8U))^9Z2

MPG

MD1=[QR:.0;I:TUR0C[?UD:G_`!FOY=2?[.QZ^?K5J5T1S'[/T76O_&J?GU])



M#`=B[TP5*&!=_P!X4V-02&_
FHV'T&#7N?&(N?-R5:T

M8R&7D/;6-*B%A_O




M




MOOWY!;KCI

JPGNE?_?<2TU-]N0JCS8@'%2`MSCS/:\H[%+N
M\]&F';$A_P!$E8'2OV8+
?)02


9)!#!$J4]#CZ.()!24L*I3TE+%'#$B11HHSLV[;[3:K&+;






M;4RZY;JKIZGINCNK:JGDUT&2P^R:W(R;GW-1M'(U-5T^Z-^Y+*5-)5*`T^+^
MS#7\:VS=]K^6VY;Y2@AN%TW]R3/*/
%P-*GS!6

MW[KW6\C_`




I_YQ]5


M3Q[D.WN;:\A%Q:2)+`W!D8






M^8MG4)ME]=0Q#\*R


MI











=:XZ9
M_L

MD/JL5/TE_




MW7O?NO=:\'\_W^:3C?AST/D?C?U+N&+_`&9WOS;59C1)C*UH\CU+U5EQ4XO.
]^Z]U[W[KW7O?NO=6_P`LOX'[R_F&?*[9'1V$

QRALC61/(OV\

MM1WS./P1`C4?]
V%3CW$$X!(^IWLC96U.MMF[4Z]V+@J';&R]C[=PVT]I[=Q
MD;18_![=V_CZ?%X?%4:.\D@IZ&@I8XU+
SD+=B223@G=7

M'BS



&^VNS18-Q

M/?&'W]W(2;C8;0I_LH7E8?\`-1@BU^P1M3_3?

D2G_


M%NO^;)\Q






MSYW;*5


MYT3SJK4XA*UD(^80

RUX%R*1@_(N5!^WKY)V2R-?
MF
C7Y?*UM5DLIE*VJR.2R-;/)4UM?7UT\E365M74S
\M15551*SR.Q+.[$DW






M9_.




=G:(TEU*X
M5%&2S
:`#YD]?3K_`)1G\MS;'\N#XS4&S*R/&9;O;LC^&;L[YWI0@3)7[DAI
MIEQ6S

^E:BIFJJS0AJBBX0^X/.













KI

HBR?6N'II^J\S6OJ=5W#U-]QCL1CXF<



MLFJV3_+3AVE2531?Z8?D%U?L/(TL9A+U6)PN/W?VF[2QO-'+]I3YCKJA+.BR


^/AI=P]
M._R[:9ZRMG2?%Y3Y/;JP[P4M`+E)WZDV+GJ(35E4P]*9C.TZ11V?PX^75#5I
)?NO[C#F=N7ME?\`W21/















0W+7NMRGS%I@:7Z/<#_H<Y@




M3?Q^?'=R]IRRQ
U!DI


RUVZTI-+Z'2?TT_V


MIL1MW#Y/.Y6I9XD6GQN(HI\A73L\\D
*+%2T[
2[JHMR0.?;D
3SRK!&*R.P

J5.4W7N+-;ER16V

[W$













7C;Q=0VZTJ`[`


.^]TT+KH(3(U&VIE:^J-@!JFGESV(OYRL_



MDJVDQV.I*K(9#(55/14%!14\M56UM;52I!2TE)2P))/4U53/(J1QHK.[L``2








M%@+JWZ2+.1+`[ESCMMI2JF[C8CU6
^(W_&4/03Y[OQMO)VY7=:
+21`?1I!X










MY#KYOWO






I:^ESH]QAN?LSSQ85
$

M.VWWEY(OP!/--:2'REC:E?\`31^(H^TD?MQU91UY_


M;&_







M]V9G([CW3G



YG
SE*F*BQ

M`
DG`'3D44L\JP0*SS.P554$LQ)H``



;=SY!N&4X-/]]*150?B-'/!0
L_:_VU






























M0Z'NND6M;VHBL;*G@0Q)0U&E%%/LH
=
2WU[/4S32N2
ZG8U^VIZ0WM5TE



(L+_Y?0;?*HE7O



M^%MR:[QQ^I
]#(_RK^%/1%H





















M[POX:C*U#RY:M4/9Z2GF:C7$WGKW-W?G!C9P@VVQ@XB![GIP
K#XO4**(N/B




*FOD
G87S-ZM^/N
K4J


_B$)_P`Y&H@_-NKK^BO^$M?SEW]]G7]V=B],=`8F
M?Q_=X[^*Y#M7?-%JL7_W[2BH]E5/C7CT[E%VX^GJ]QGNOOIRO:53;(;F[D'















ME;C&:\%DXKZ28H2]1`GO+R



















M^HD:
1-'1]@81

M43=(+:\C'$T
3G\UJG_5/J



ID@4/+/497J6KWOC8*1
M%-_
):R))'ZJP8?M!(ZL]M<VK^'<QO')Z
I4_L(

M)U=F9`'BVSB




M#


?DO\`89#$


M?F\$W-F
UC9R`'













SO6^3W;\LO@QLV7
]6U

:6CQN4




_&KX
M:_*+Y@[E&U?C;TEOKM6OCJDI
CD\'C!2[1P$TBQNG]Z=]9F;&;
VJC)
I#9&


_@;-:RSO
M6A*BB+_IG-$7_;


`3]J1`D#


'
_


M`GA54*HX``]F`Y\YT`I^]+[_`)S/_GZ+SR)R837]UV/_`#B3_-UW!_*L_EM4
M\T
\?P;^
+/!+'

BA







M?;^97\C&H

M0PR2
$

M);BSMS^*X.@_\XP&DK]J*/GQIL
_&O\`X2O?%;8G\+S/R:[B[&[\S5/::NVK












MO;;.'IC6[9W%EZUU:ISN(CD=V:6:JH*^HD\@F#DGW=W?EM4V[=@U[LRT`J?U


M?




G#&Y(\]32;=QV0FI*506EE1HH+

MT/\`

*N)3=J7+Y

M_OQ@[T^21DY^3LAZV/\`XJ?\)M_Y?O0#X[/=J8_=7RGWM1^&9ZKM*JCQ/7L-

M(/S14/4R;#[



M4CRW#FK




















MEU2MV_\`&_Y!_'W(_P`)[SZ1[6ZAKC





5);^70BLN3^:MQH;/;KQT/XO<+_O3`+_`#ZLEZB_
MX38_S0.RVIY-U;'ZMZ-H9U67[OM3M/5DP@8J;G%]50]FY.&H92(IXH&!%G

\4%JI\Y95/\HO$/
MY$#YTZM3Z6_X28XB
4E=\B?E[D:PLR_?;6Z6Z\IL:(U5E+FDW[OG*Y7SM*A9
M0'VW'XR`UWOI`#W+W_D-4V?;E'HTTA/[8T`_ZN'\NAWMOL%&*/O&X$^JPQ@?


_WON3*]B+5F(AA]]LQWQ76-
M4KN+L#@K-^D^GT^XZW7W9YYW6J_5_30G\































@?

=1AOG^M#5OWM^Z


5^70&





OXO3RZ/;UC_P!`EVD6T?Q715ZO
M])W^SQ:OMO)#]=?^_


2^ZC_A_P#I`_T1


M`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(!
M`0$!`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(
M`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`O_``!$('`**0,!(@`$0$#$0'_Q``?``$`
M`0
%`0$`````````````@@)P$`P4'!`;_Q`#$```!@$`P4!0P)PX'
M`


M(!R`.


);_`'Z/^47]
M(#G`</B&_P!^G_E)_I&[OD_OB_&0#D`
;5+(O4R+YSV_*`W`.'OT?OD_'^Z

!

@'
`T(R
MR]`



B+^










M
C^8%+(O4R+YS(OR@-P#C[U/[XOQAWJ?WQ`.0!Q]ZG]\0=ZG]\7XP'(`XS=3

OQ@.0!Q=\G]\7XR_[AJVZE7FDR/S
O(R/T^;W@.0`&Q;A












B_7]=@&\!Q=\G;?J+;X]R_I&Y
M+A'Z&1_
9'\OZ_(`W@-JED7J9%\_XQL[Y'[Y/XR_+Z`.4!M2HC]#W!2B+U/8

K
K*+

M)..QWH;4Z7)I9GM6([CC]CT3$).54OOS7*Y
UP
D_P`(/%Y@NN6`T6I&G-RW
M=8Q?


ME?&CK1C

M(NX_4R\W

MMM3LEA2)U2[+CS'FG&

M



WKIN1F(L:


M26I%O*;J40JW(7$25F_(BWL26U

PX;]7\JTRRETBN\/

MI1;I

Q9JDIBQ
M'`[0H3=C@N

WB)X;:

M_
CVWV\]AE2.`OB(;U9T8TPU)0\V\O-
'QN_EJ:*(DF[.=6
*MXRVH
B7&BO
M1+5
R




NX2Z_&W)BG++3;-
GQ9Z
_)B




M21&CVT5R=6NO
N--SH34Z96.2XBUI)+\=-C7SX*G6C4A
J%*8

M8.8YK/Q%XIJW9ZR9HYF
[&
DQ6#2/+I

UGN\=J*AI\GGXS#G7



0=+_\`







U+<4ECJEGLO2C55S'
M--7


;-+;O6[6XU%O)[:%$


-


M3B

R(DC

#]2+X\+/^CY&4@
MYH']C5Q#?X#=6?YAWPPR/!+C\VUFTEJ[2%$LJRRU




4LBNM%'BE+L\5F

#B$_PIY%_[M8&3B[/


I./:UK[1
MWQD9Q:*L7M9[W&&$NR%1*?!X];BE3!;DFT:HR4U\


M*PEF@BW.3
D.JW6ZHSD8]D^X+N%K-=
K/)KN@P[4'6N)DE@60T^9UE7=R\0J
M(
F([C3V.X]9NS&2@3&D-V*LI:K&I:[=R93'(::KF42PBJ8US\.


M

CQX



0IA:9;T`J?N')1*C1U$\M*EDIADR5TH(B#&Z\$O:R
M.)K3JQA1=0I];K)B;:H


*392;VNE2#)4=IJ
MPBHE


29I/WEN6Y;EN6XR@'

MG[TF1[GN
(:?]'Y`&:-Y
W


M3_#)K97N6\DT::ZA/56+ZBLJ5W3
&&F4\5+EYJ21J-W$)D^1

M6S:=D-NMY?BDL(\N)'E17VI462VU(CR6'4/L26'B0XS(8?;4IMYE]M2767FU



MR[2S,CRS5'B0SL+FYH8

W

MPZ_S[.[N%CF)8Q`7975Q/6I+
6



ML.



M%+E=M6UD3Q$S$)$I\HT*
PP3TE]Z0Z39+?===-3BJ8OZY[XY/]_%[_$'2_\`

R9+D.+?E29#CCSSRUK6M:E;@
?I_7/?')_OX




M]TF&'#;91\)U9)0GS40Q9=AVNKBY0\X3%EIPMKO%]TH]/HZ#4UU&;2C([0S+
MJ0:5;&?41F:3W



MF[-46=M'9N9L$YI'%\5!J/&S6?2XCO(Z?L+Q_85A?9_KO+B_\`_6&G'^(
M;_M



S


D4%C5//29,Y$]2:E^S/<_?/M;,SR31[7K*R3
;6
[
2?:-?
M;%#JK)6*8G33V4V-LY7V\6?!??OY:%X_5IEU\ADV&KV2DVI4(X5T?A3YI&`
M:D\.$;B0?EIHL5@XO:WN9
.+0\_C%AB[+Y933*(G%=])C3(SB*=KJ)ZTBS*A
MUM!*G$@L2QS&^-O(.(_6O


*?72;@V$ARPRJ[:T
M[TR=1CV)UBD75HLTX





\8I\E9KI$NYOFI3\%JXB2VXKLAMAIM]QA*%NH::0M1I1L)W_`-:8X7/^
M#EH7_P`U.$?]B`


U2R?4T;&S)MDXX2K\'UI
MCA=_X.6A?_-3A'_8@]_T(X3]
]




MW!_-\1G[R\_+S^8_/;UV/T&
E[8KQK?5=K=C.CD%23K=)J`IEOLX:UKRS.(L

F!;;EL1
M_PXOSZ?4B/XMO3??)M\I/C:1K_P_:9ZF.*WM[JA1R='5'-365T+KM+D?4F
M(AMALI5E!=LX[*&F3;AV$4E

V30=+Z+5EV)MBM]FV18+$D])=
M17&.4U#=24N*[PUFEZ/=*0TDFBZ5U\HU+-*F=YJ'8M.-
V)FI6@=O.?[N4VS




\!C.\`[5+QK4M@4RQU*J,KC]T:/9.28#A?LU:N]:=0^?LEH+`G4=V:

&2A#



M&ER
@DFDE*


MT-76
PR2'40)=I8S&(%?7194^?-DNML1XD&#&7+FRGWG3)IIJ-%9=?6XX9-H
M2V:G%);2LQA

Y+EFP
MMFM0F3-2F2XA^UF6
UQ@1W6GD<0VIJEM
M.-O(2]D!2FC4THG$DZQ(CO,/-FI)=XR\VMEY'4VZVMM2DG.-Y'_9K=*,,T[Q
M;4'6_#*S/]3LIJ(]R_09A388UA-=<0FGXM`6




]3


M%7#E1&;

M0E)A&D6I+N)8Q-TMQK))-6G&

N4N7
^_P`N@2YA2L@QVVG([Z+5P6S81**.

M&4;'JNIB.=







J3%8CO9#2OPLHJ7'&WT
M]]*?1!K+Z-#BPW$NJ=GK=6VXRTM389++B_UUB:9Z6Z@ZASG$-QL*PW(\G
E*
MC$;[M-3S)\6(TF9(B1GI$R6RQ$C179#/BY#[41*TK?2

MDS-1(1@.F)(1U?-25ABU$E)GTI(U*


M9T:PL8T*5(AUC#$JRE-
N.LP69

M
C7EJ5J1IM?+QK


D&
M0T[4?_8

M:C6M
M;
=2U*VW4IQ#:EGLDB(NI2C/9)$2=]D[$1$6)(U$[3#QN5^0WD&)K:^U%AV]




RZO
SV
MC

VAQJ(XT;:5$[7U*+J=
MWZ'%(6B\;9
NIE:6X;5+PRY+*TIN-741R3B-/G=)@
F6:4FH[RZH+O(&&T&3

UJ9$_#L]E=$)I

MI

ZN9CHI:SG4UNIM&=YC

IS##F'YLMMA*5=Q%798F=FY)?


MZROV&/95JEI]CE[7_43IQ%\=37F6U%9:0_$P\/CRX_B84I]GOXK[
AKKZV76


MX-A6V
`K
M;1RMIJB,[;9'9-Q+BOL:IWJ05;3DF0RIY)W!R(J5*CNJ8DA&LNG?<OCW^3UW
M&*X[7/Q=EJ#Q,%@<44BET=QZ+C?2TII<;ZJ<@[C(LG<;<0ZZ:GF6WZ2GF)5

ZCE@6GB6W\0QE










M4W28\Q+5&C6-]*0XF.I\FX
2QF).

M\5QC'\3)VHI6Y%DXY:2JR'!0[#KFTR9B?%N*99/O5GW9&MP\._S/./[(.)+6
M;+M3+V1/*!8V+\3$::9(6ZUC&'0WWD8_216N\6Q'-F$I

JW$#CS&:YEE%9!O*G`KQM:<7QJG^#LZI%U5=++M

N/O1Z`L!Q=



@QY'`7VNW7_``.TA0=8
M6:W6+%52&D39
F%`QW.8$!N(J/T5%Q4

U]&0U$Z1-6T^S[4AKEG

H[RKEH:E5EO1(8
M6_&=0MIYAZ/,@2)D5%E/0



M`
R@_KGOCD_W\7O\0=+_`/
H66]7H;
;+LHCQV6V([&07S+##+:6FF66K*:V
MRTTV@B0VVTVE*&T)(DH2E*4D1)(BS$7GRMN&FSTRT[L+'A\T4GSIV8;
F3


M;6[.

MQ]_WBF3=;:6B;_GN7UU!36E[;RD0:FFKIMM9S7$K4B)7UL=R;-DFEM#BU$Q%







MG+KW9;!.0;JI?3W
J9C=LI
IB!+EQ(TAB9F5TE+KL=,N5\W:.*S/M%N%G/
M-1M
[]6

WHCBFTN=;1M

71S%LQQ




M.'N3K:TD1)F5GRF.%W_@Y:%_\U.$?]B#T?2'@%T1T_O&LCP71[2W#+YAF3%9

M2X1I)J2YB6



L.AV%?80
+NI4*=!EQZAM^-+B26VI$:0R

/X;A%_L4X3Z$LR(O.E]Q;$1%Y;$1%Y%L06-


MS;NQ7K5K#

IS:O[
M*CB-_P`.FJG\][H!E\.5IK#DFH/#KHMF^861W&497IMBE]?VJHT.&JPMK*M:

LT*<,U+_`/USWQR?
6)Q&\Q2)
M;S7:VW9D4DVQB6]/5V;LZ1&F5IU1M6_@YK41V/-9DO1CD?9373R=N;[AW%I





QGK93*@SHTB










M
G
MD.8UT!S<N<)A_)0X3?Y90V.3IS+*5T+51165;#NX];@*GW%]%A61H;LV*
MPEPHJXR9$
ES+*O97
\
SUF






FJ9;OF
2S5P66T.(4XIO\`*<*F@2\_Y06K:(T9N3.PS57(=0XA'&B//-M8



M'=7
6/-F*3.DQF);B&')4M34B4T4QQM3!N$MTMY_;&*R+XJ
:B06&8L.-H

W98CQV&DH;:8::0AMIM4H;0E*$)2DB(@O.]B&_WZ]




C3@@[&UIEA]M77FL^=V6IZX






M1RL:G28.7R

FY3:WU2H\TH[Z4MP8FUS#L@7

M+


M






.I0I#Z=6TIE['Y\4?SFF@&J%[I_G-9'C9-AEREMUN3


LY9HA0(\J?*

M8'$)_A3R+_W:P




M+3B)?G*@[5O@&L^2X_IQJOB\;2W
;SNX-9D
:U;EZ?WU^XOH:JR78-LVF*R;
M

MTY'=%W;N44C
//MK-#22E6%G9RDM)+9^7-FSYSA((MDD[)DRI4EXMR2EQ]]YSR
M);B]C#,L\2MU,L^!/4&TL93\ZQLN$[);PG2G%/2ILV9H_(D2Y<EY7PG9$B0

M?B8JVI
?Q4*0^QW[#K3[).=XRXAQ*3+




05M6@Y42)*L5NXM#A!XJL

M$E]MI:`_:\S?^R3X@_\`#CJS_/V^&7JY.']BAPW_`.!+33^:M8
-[Q=ZNP=0


M*3LS&E7U)\&6C;+T*#&G9!$R;+I;T(^LYJ






WA?&
M3KC7


GW5.%%@Q\MF.
1(_49]W&:6^\IMI/P4*


M!J;5

MI4ER/&BLK=-2VXS25)(K'/

M2F19Y-F&E6`Y-D%@6?:B0DSKJ\QJML;.6F)`RB-#B%(F27G4QHC#
5E*B;9:

2[^SP\UK4+BTTTS;
M1*?$*:SQO._J8@L8


B


M-+8-S/
W:TM.658UBUSFF(Y0_&8CV=/?8M4R+%DSM68[
MDQ5?8P(3U+8PW?$QG8$E)(8;D18+\7$L\'F:V6-ZO:7WU)*5M:C/\*M*Z4E
M*73C2V


M9YY3.A.
8!PY:

MB2Y\)1*0TDDM--)2%PZ$T:2V
C+S
_/U\]C
S/SW
SW

^



MIKZ^
NPK3[':[%
M
4J%3EUM#4-+8KH2K*?(LYRF&G'7E)5*GRY$IX^L^IYU2MB\B(/NUYUAH]/\


^2GY#C$9;4:.C=;[ZVV4$:ED0P

73FD##LDK



3Q4WA&VV\;^)W!+I<KC(0\MMHG7\<L+$HSJ



.(=8EQ)#:'

MA4PR+-6:[_2]U6E]R?6XOO6


MM4?JH)G#*O#9M






M3W*UV`E))K)=2ZR]6RZS8CKY45V*1=*



M8O4DGV^IHSV4
RSS2=-;/


')


MJYYH5!?FL%X9PG'4F:.H


MGOL5B-^)G4(_/RT


9%+(L6H%ZW
D
-O/HKWZ6;/

+TOSY#S3J$N-.-**E2XVXVHE)

;)JLJ
BS

54-UC$!Q1.NM)*.S.N([TM?6:VXK;RVVWG$H97F58;BE(+J+;R
M+X_,MB\_/Y_,O<`_*:C_`/D&Z_@BT_D^0,(U_MB/G1_D&=^XE=0(N*X!G&2


M3KI])&9])$1*/9)_J1'1[4%QH*TCX5\KKJ]WN[_5:0C3&L


8KS%.+6;KIKCJ7JE


MJ1(J?:S
::]7HL&FCB
M.3&(S[[#;JW&$]Z2%%.`9[;U=

M1)2G9)$72DM@$



H0A

EQR*32FT2(W<MK0Q

5EPU4L51.*1]CFY1*IH[RFD



O(9E3FO
NN+TR$N6MUI5G$.`TI$APG9/L8^AE+<2/*DN.O=PIIAIAAUQU];
M3:$&:O+TZ(:D.X;F^)9?&.8E[%\FHLD95`DJA3R52VD2U3X26CX46491NEF

:M:R9)@V5==TEC!G1'#8E0I
M\.PBRHLJ

M5DF//*MEMWF61%8M2+@R]TK1-;L[B._&0PI







M_N2_!^0@'*``````




*G5C&0-4J28NJ^^D3/%-O5E




_XQ?9T2U8QS.\6H



)E:W
M4LK*8U*;)HVD-/.R

MWY/_`$SM_?[A:NY._/FR/@_H


D:DO4,FQ7QJZ3&<1KI530PYMDS$8L+%_P`=

!CM.2YP;8[K_K]C^DF3]3==E^+:EQ

MR3!LWHHKYH.SI
@JY$)J6RRZLHJK6AL5Q[:L6\3?4IJ77JD
1;&5U4.Z4G_K

MU:Q%L2[62]?^


?7M\@U```````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````````````````````?/)8)Q

M=JX[
&HSU3:%KD2*V37(8J



MP8

R&76'H[[;;K
AIUI33K+S3J5M.M/-K4TZVXA3;C

M$:99
+6BDMF:_P`*E]EFI0\XS(9#Q#
.VG:&
XRW
J-+=4++)7$S2]@V+F+U
4VRY8V$MQ*9=W=26D2+.:1*2S$@1X-=#E




)66RDDKXMRW\]MOU^+
MU]2+8
&+PI\5.?\`#YJ;1ZB8/*51YEAT^4V3%C#6Y'=0XA^NN**^J7E
./0Y
MD5R37V


M?92AY:(ZW%

4ERP9R"U(-]=0J2E2(K)(0\EHR4ILUJ#W_LR_#K#O.`4J.PG=YU6
MMM7&IA
NJJV;:1)P)3!-2W'HE@M!49V:%2&FHYJE)C.
J*.I][&`:AX7.Q
MN^NL=M&D

F


M'4KQ3A.J:-U)-I42!&:XW^QZS]3]7=1-1

6I\WRJTRB-CTK!)
UVH=N

W8O2SADU!94W$4RV\;SZ77W0C[]E!T#7F?%]B]R:6UQ--
ML;RK.9B7$PEH-?L].*5O4W+W6OIM




M



#[%<ZQNSSFOSA689'67K,JNH)=B`B!5*K51W6I=G9J?6
MZ:DNDM#C:4$DTFDS

M

M[\\XN]2J3
2UBI

N79RY#+1^'

::V
NP@8OX:SR/-K*IV39PL7I64*E


2
MV_CT^


B-!D6(HX!?MZZ
?X5]-OYY48RN/!ERJLRTTX1LRX8K[4

L

QDH





U7R_/]/-3JC3VAR^R7?.XE


O(S]Q;F+$W'G


EI*&[
E@J4DG'(=-51Z^DK$J2E:HT%
MALD]6Y4I2]BCX@5RXK=CJIHY&KER62G/PI&<V$MB*;B2??BP'L3K69LAIKJ


P.F/)B5;%E':G$%R+D4\)E_HIPLZ4X!E49
M^!DL:HGW][622;3*IK3+[NRRB132$-D1-R*DK-J%):/J4S+8?94XYW1.*@+=



5



R
ST-U9/?X]\%O?
M]_[8_51EY&HS/U

+E%#-A+RVG4M
M&YWAMK(NDPGJ.-&M!D6WFI7KO[EJ/U+S+Y%%Z'Y[&
7KVJOE-*T?U.7K5A]:
MU'TXU6LGEVD:$RAF)C&H2XIR[.'W25K647+$
S
B@NDVEANP*ZB&IE*(C:\H





U][17S-?!S'#K

9/OZB\AMNRD5-RTW*1%5
D%*@6
5PXQYHJQK8\MEV/)8
M9D
/-N-/

A[)!I!





MFVC0P?A:I#Y(187

MFTRURIHLJ=68JW88)F2&R7(;JX=Q.1;8O;JCM

MUJ;F!`KHUBT4A$R!(@1)D-


MZ.MQZ;()UG&-26+CQ5*VIM]3K




3.
UE(-QI
3
M%
5G1;&:@WV'&GH[UO

08QJD.5E))NLJU2I3C
M%29


E)[
MLW$MH2HT]1((CV$Y;AQTM=P;3_!L+?F-V+V(X=B^+O6#3HK4YW'Z.!4.3&X
MRW'EQVY2X9OH86\ZII#B6U.+4DU&'M`@0]N0_P#)?#5_&K?_O-IR)[PCU\^

R??588Y
OSM/JH;QAMHF?VU7X3P7L!TW.\)_O
M_%-]!M=PKO0A]FYYMVEO??ZI6^IT;+I4;,:3%JVI3B=+N'4/U%E=3):II

M[YI1K0MME)(
C2XI74E
4P^Q`97_`
(3&_\`FYM_\[!?%Y*O(*ROA#LM3[EO
M4Z@S&QS?$H-'3$6)VE3%I[2LES9T*PL4*OY3\^&F3(:-Z+$?@R5MMJ)J2TM2

A^

M:3:?:65:V7HF#XO542I;#'AF[&='CDY;VI

MG5A'1_K






MV/R






`O8TJ'+C.H
M?C2XLAC+D/





^RZDED&
YY.7:B




ZI;EN-1K%Z##B52
M+T?$YVU+32'3/M:3Z5YE?Y!)KNF+)SJ358U1UEA(CR?LDN)33KVTMV:Z44%3







DK11<5Y3)##T

M76'VU;*]20ZTZTMN1%?:9E1769+33S4'WC%[%;!G64RST)U0;HHCY=;&)ZDP

4XTRP]


PNDP;**VM?@G7VZZ@:D
M&VF7%;GMK6U

MB]+W9.I=;\/W'BSDFHT/=Z2.Z)#9J[Y/EO:Y]`UXGQ8RLF01%#U)P?%LG024









W?=BCX@$3)3=7JIH[)K$2'2@R)K





S
Q@:=7U;99DW\/WI

?/E_8G\LM;6SLSU_QMGV





N)RP
MC0['E

M_/;R\_
CV\MR]#^48I7M=_]E_8
D6%!,ODV!6]?!@(8:;B6E8<<V/+<6M:W
0+$A\SCI.3D#3#BI+KT5MB<R*(.87P7U7$#I




M=C/R$Z/A!X:JS1_3/`M
J5??UN#8I38TU
9HSQ6Y!DF-Z9PLYBV&+4T6\LE9505]1%5#EV*YI
5V%?6ZG7^_61J;6VT


^M0_\`BD7^YXW_`+SH&/73V(/+2



_/




F+F/Q(Z9;K=?D](S(D2'(E7


B/;UP4B]=B/??8O0C

Y+G

[\@XG_[7_CM_](?0/FDI49%TEYDIO<7[E6YE^$O+W^H
M#`S:U_[M

MEG96!
'IY;J[DI\M^2377]59=1MD]T=6Q;])'L)X.B.GSV*8=BV+OR&YCN.8


)#S'7!

2[&3PI??-K=_CAB7_QOA39Q@]CZT-Q_2_/KO3*^U=F9]38I=V^*P;?(




M2DL+!V73IFT\B[E29+E)%?56
HC3XKX,:TAMM3+JW@Q3_+XURI=
===)=1

&U(Q+*[ENLC(EV*ZRBNXUA-3!BNR(K3\HV&%$RTY)80M9D2G4)W46




MSSVMSKZN[+&9[#M=CTN@*M*@AW
5QMY
NUM#DG*]J(6@T*:)KN%]1*[Q/2%^

M=Z129+RU1X=PI+UCD6$M)))HCIO/VWDM0I:HT8K9B\C=;DZ[@-%(+[50?_@0
MZH?PMIK_`-86-_%_D\OB\A8AT_[%]J+BUU59'CO$K3T][164&XI[6OP&]BSJ

]Y4O


MRGS7
9[J


MV.KC;;UV\\L_T_*-O]9`97_PA



M)T_MV%2T4EMLE14/'E#A-*D%$-HG5-K)!KZC09%L)],=*B+X7J9K/UWVZE=
M1%^#?8_3T]]`'


H

+L19U]C2I[\FPGT4NKGV%='


1;;D1[['^^\S(!&\YAW'!D7$AJ_EV
MK&21(M5-R65&*'3Q'5NQ:6DJ8;592U*)3J6W)BH%9&9*5/=;:7
EG*E$S';=
M;C



S817X4EIF1%E-.1Y


M=XJ-)+?3:\DHJ+)

M9V;DVF=F?PD/XS*F*WI7G#==6NSQ1]PJ2P6]W+LI#

M+I;RN1W%G71ID3Q$R)3SUNFY5

M\.N1'5:AY*V=QD!M4F+WZY#-]/30X;C[?U2PK.#7RIDV):V$OK9BNE%74252


2TKJG6X?2C

H9:ZEB5\%;E?-@6U;
SFJ/4YYJTQ63O-V,HN*YV3M,<EYQF8Q9L
M$
ORFG5^T
BN;OP#
MMR(_+UV

C^8P'T`('W$YVIG5?27B5UETOM



M+S+'JB:MQ
/8OA7%HE96.K
M['V[/4:VD5[=]2X#

V&083DV'.-5%Q*AM
M=Z2H
8RKAEM3Q
M/T9046
=V#&5W+TJ79

MK
5K\UUF1+BU=5#C/QVD2V4OW3
!




MXJM8\8=T[TVTEQ_

-MG(W,4@WUW=MPGWX<S([&1=R',5Q'
MILI^
FM=LV$3U--0Y
BSC2;)=*T$_`!C\\WY^7'/PPP
LQWBBTRB+O+RILC



MA3F#9SQ+Z#L:EZ@QL=B7[F8Y10FUC%;+JZOP5
NM3#64:=:6\@GUE*=-Y9RS

M.EM($*QB:DX$J+/B1IL=2FM%4J4Q+8;D
J4GZC#Z5*:=09IW\C/WEL9TQ\0?

IYN'[3[V
MKC


N:2?!K




MM

ML#A19IMK*)(GP
?O'K*


MKW&KKGP\Y178-'P?3=6JY4
NEH[*'DCIX3J#3XO4'9V
F^GPI)N5\]]4_N*V
M*4B6E+K1LMEW2@\:YQG--UVTKXX^'71W!


M)$E=52Q9#^[49MQ
63


MO!IZ_5_M:W$11/X-A$G37&



N\5B^.JR8E%D2J*F.^)11DJ*Y.LBG:D:

.MULZ#8Q'8$L
M
A4.0DS29%N7S'MY[E[_P+YMQ`ZR+FG\S37Y%AJ5PZ:.+PG2%F(])QIBQH


M
F


P;.=4/G(A2

4\PHIE?)2DG#
M

#


HG62#=0VI#9'W2DHNA\W[M'FJ7#%Q-6
.9SBVU0CZJL3$<,7M0OV.
M'5Q--6V5

MX+$K])=1+8[.^3(P3'H4#%L/^SSK%NSDU
E[*

D5K
Y

JZ.RBY.XC#
FK:BI]H6;

;9!F2%&7KTGM

/
M34NP*BKB+BJM)


@O&TWN9YF=#P#&7#8E9#9
M0T
S<<ICEQ';JS[M;A$_&A0&GITQE0O#@,?O@7'1S?-7:6=J7@
M6!P*+#K%N/;450K\#JCE5

M-IKRY.W:-\VSK5%CAOXG
*1@FK+\V144UTU4S


M#+
B56V

6'&XX22W/T(C/TW]/D+S_`0W(5N1'\8
M_+9O?-U538VCS:GF:V#+L'64=/6ZU!CNRW&T=1DGK6VRI+?49)ZS3UF2=P$8
MKGK=H7_J=[F)I%I+0LYMK5=18#CK4EJ3-J

R+)[GK;77XX
MR]$3'COQ)D]YPYD*ODVK






&YZX=M3/NQY%CC&00E
M
MV^/6:V3[LY4%3[+S3Q-M)G5LJ!8M
LM3$-HAA9IVHCBBL-0=4]$L&T]P_)


M@


MN62\?QRJB
6A/HD


3+.'4H9F3G'NB5





^N





IPI5/CU]8Q(4UU
.)
S;*L
MM=CXO5NS'$/S8]54Q&9$9EJ6TB3=LP79H#(3@
?)6]H8XS^%G4BLQ;C(TYB7


ME


MF

OLVDZS:A(_)\0/.8YF'

M_-=II[+#1@
B^`I
X'N+O'-=]*\)U:Q)$IJAS6G391HTY+:9E=+8ER:RWJ)A

M1)(S(C

RV/6WM1;5WM.
M/#P]^@R!Z?9ML?5'C71(9M(]-&0X4R3\&4MLX3A.&\P%'/(^YUUIQAYAKBY&


796#D+(L?@1E$[?TUF_$
M[N)-DM[078W5WG6K=PFUHC$]F^UUXJL
O\[8X;M-Z?/*6[N--H^J

VK

M
\


9O02)#41FPEL1'857[*@5TN/:Q&*V7

8WT5\=PTN
M(KJZ




R_M(TA/@ZW8AQ35)43B32@C:
M



MX+

9?7O[)&OWX^
X_BD6=U1&95DT]93C*+(




MF
BJU8ZXK&LIQUB62W[%#:')J6XEDW%L4S(Q5J9O?$UQ2X9H_I]D.I6H-U'H

MY7BN%3[BBM?!P9_@K/(B):?\'9QID224N+2;4N*^RHE'U-GY;4.=G#XU]2
(<@SFE:ZZV\1VOV`:EYO]4F+

HC%[?7=BVW*8A/RHKZ


O


M
DPG*J1.BU/U4HL
Q2^R[)+-JLQ_&:.RRZM7ED;$*JJ(;UC.EK62_A)9BQU
MN))*MW?)/-9$
?GVS'63&
AU*T?TRHX$2PSW'J.XGWDZ*RZNQB1

M7^PN*)U4QR#+NO/1U/QBFP'XSI(M)#:KPG:6LLR#3W@+I\5Z?3[^RTDT[R
M`FISI*C
P*EZWM(T=Z&YW
4^I<5%LR#C.

MY$_`6[;8+GF'W-1-8:0IV(FVE.8S:MR'O#NN(KI4*S0J4A#D=#DV'5./.+*

M??&?2((6I_/KXO\`BDU9M]/N!W&TU.+XY(-Y.2R*7&YMO94Z745Q7V3V6:JE

MJ9'U.V&IL;#R
WDK[ULXV/VKE2Q!)?@S@
M0U)3$4MH5X=CXT:K*?ABM
K8K

K:6](9`6

4+-


M6XGJ/N7TI=)J5'6KKCR$NQUF3C:C39M[2[HY5Y5P;:N+FPER9&*Q*7








(E3VWTQ:3(+3!IK%E




[0[D


TT_)(N


ZJJM6
M(9QBCT2LS+%7)+=NLE64:2[4W53+-$1RPHK9
26J)XMB')CS8
ZLD]XEAN?

L3HK^@*/$M_/#\]COW&06L:=BMDH
MXS=LAUF&NJCR9\MR43]#)A2@F[`+&G.^YPM3PIZ4G=5KE+;ZFY89UNG.-3UI

MR=-Z%Z&^F/+A
,-\/F9YQD.5Y,YD=SEL6Z9IVI4-%?%KZ2JBLGAUA)*OK(K3TAE+\^2
ME4VUL7V.X9?;8;JC[0IG=[Q3<;FFO_BSSQUF)3JC#WC*:;<=G(\O1#OLUO7
8\B+DK2E,K6UE=&MZDR3J\.AMHBDVL18
D332BC
?DZEH%


M:G9IX27$\4F3



M;;96M)5S%*94TX9Q$MJ4IEQYMRYMV:_A]J\)X.=(E1(]8W99A76.=7\ZM)Q?



M3;6D[Q#MLJ+`E5ZXRRF

NI9\TE-
MRH+AWL*BM&:UYE)J5)LZNX?BKCO'X20E*'7DD_$ANLT9\H[*[&VY4.HB;&4N

MI;JU@

MW]8FK::B0'[-^Y-RNO6\
7!K;Z$\M+-L$R)EZ+DZ^'W6;)\G@O;DNMO
MQ')


).ANA3EUED*UN(5OG
M65/8[

&-50VF4RW#L)2(]['L@W]
MB%#_`



MNF^%:?4+




F+BGXCJC



HEYAE4Y11&
M(ZCF3


;\7_UN+.BV_\`@



E-G;4&H--.F$MSK=KJJXQ6571


M2T0J*LB5\+=N(U'C(5W

42$U

DFX:4$EM*$)R%;/\`XLG_`.(I


LDR6H\^1'0MUMM2YC1
-&B1

MLD=BR\VSFPCHB3\AD03DE6PV(#;S[552U*)DI-=7-O/N=[*F39LE^3*+NHBG


R26U*

AK[`









%RC)ZPD0VURI%3!-B4

JAN8T
M9AHNIUZ1(K);##+:3-)&XZ\XAMLC
B-:DD9EON7HK9_!+\.WS;GMO\NVV_RC


SJVB3%ECV(8[22HS5G-K&K3P
MES)L9,:,J?8Q*QN)&;APY,E^43P*\H)&GG!5.X;KJ;%:OLXPK,XV;V\`E(93
ME.?U\AF:I+R&S5)CT3:ZRE;EI80Y*@TS;A((W
!9P[%;P^5C&F6KFICC%6[





RX\&&4F6T




M_#


MK
UM
0;K$X;F35-@AZ.@WV9
254I\
IH^EU3BHDEMR'(D-N1.^0)K!D=7R[^
M



'

MJ*DI


M69K0ZJ9[G6-V6
UL'&7G+.BHH62U

MDQH



BPWA:T=OLHK


'-&[0AJUQ/:+9GB
7A

B
OMWTPJ6[;:7^QMHA
M_?SEG\UHHMD\D7C-TWT5X\N).RU0RFLPRGR9_6B@7EY(:@T[-G$U39R$HT^
M:^I*(JYDGG-UY&E9S)J&H31'(D



19-AE6
Z?:8Y_CE7$ZUOV\[%
6@/3JF/$
M::==GSK&AEW


M$-/SY:TN/&X]TNDV;AMMM(;H5[3-ST-+-5M/6.'S1.TCZBO9#D%/.RS*JAB5


M1H6E+86S^Q
:
536`:T:@*;:=NK/
:##4K7%:[V'54=`W?*0Q
ZE/*:L9N0(


V
MF,MPII,VLQAJ.J.M2932CD,FIDNH!<Y'YK+4D=;8;D1_M*;ZD1__`([\8_2
MC\SEKA%6V&YD7[1FGN9[$1%%=\S
_(B+S]3+R(P$#L-R-WB7W(CV1I#MN1




.VVRTTDDH0VA*4I21$0_&=L
M@X*,CGMZ:\1%!#=FUN&PP?
EI4EQNGCOWJKC$;5R-\%283UM86]5/E)6KHD

RS&
F38Q(Z)T!EM-B]C%

F=ZP3;1,N^)6[WC1--DVOJ;)M!)Z2A'<
M4_:?-2\[UYQ32'@QIZ#,*ZVL(./(R'*L:N[)K*KN;)0N185,)NPIK&GQ3'X
M7G+6XLH[;CD6/96[C$&NAL2)$YJE\3X2/XPV%2B9:*2J

M)67ZEW9W=-!9L)B54APGBBE'?G5Z#:DD^9.*[_=/0G9MS-.4J?_`'_^*K\




V67XP_6V$R1`R&5;

4KS#J?B7T0
MQ34F$2(MVZ@Z;-:<E-=5+F-1W+5W')MMUTD0)RE-W=)NLUJI;*%WQ-R4R&6H
M$'*RXW*?A#XZM:8FL<R1B^,WMSJ)A62SD5K]HQ3V9YD5[C]K)3@RK-ZF4MA





=A$L5S\;9BY=CL6VCI3$CV[F&Y.\W:5RXK$NS4;];?

MTVS_`%HN:ZK7@%IIW7LPLBIY$N6AP['*

MK*QV8=K4?CF#:3Z[\+5KANBMSC]7I7J)ICE&#XE:XE4):J:&MN*RSQ]Q4;


@X)-1

MILEKL5U+M9T)Q



E2H
?






EIM'@'9`2


FY3[O_`);9#(*E
MZ$`XW5&1&9)ZC(C\B\M_D$7;GG=HFQ+AVA7.G&GCT3)]=G83+91B0B;C^GQ6
M+:U(L\G43G=RKQA@FI5=B1H-;IR8
VZ5'KE%%G^H]I+YJECPUZ.L5^'OE&U)
MU0?L



.EQ+#Q361SIQLKCY)ETR2P

MGTZTX3Y^\_\`6[G/G\Y[[_'Y;G[Q[NWVL'@S(MBS++CV(S/;3C*]_E
_VION

ME#U=8Y/7+D8^DS7'D1_:ZF'W$L+DMK#U#D`YY&R/@XX?;&*S)8:C8#%H%MRN
M[-TY.*V-EC4QY/=..)\-(EU3TB$1J)SP;K'?-LN]32/.T\YY&I.W5YN2U(


MO(OV=J'W;DG?R]#
B/TW]!(W[*CG\6XX*]-Z]AJ4V[BUUJ!C\Q;_`'9MO2CS
<HEQOE]L<
=FS%B938:6O\`
MM!7A*Z8W&U


M
CIV67T2

'%Z7#61--%W;Y.H;+O-^CK(S44CWC@S
MR-BNCVJF3S&9$B)CVFV=W4J/#-!3'V*S%K:4XS$-UUIHI#B6S0UWKB$]9IW6
MGS


Y9SS--0*0\8EV&
M-


M99141KBOH$1(E1BL*P0J.S

!#%[:]]
MH/2S_#`G^8N51WR]O[&'0__``Z:?\`5S2B.+VUTC/032S8C/\`V8$^G]XN


8KI*H[IMNDT^EB0X;3O=


F&BF90-3L]

;8CH9N4TC4V%&I$+.X@S))2;:!&9@/-.?










MZ0PP

M_&MKMC'-H*OVGBM)E;U?86C2K!FKR?,:WQ$:[RVD

M93J;6Z97):72*(+57*'T`N^-[B%P;#];=0YU_B^G^#MM^`N[];-U:X5AJVD5

,SAPX;
M#4:)%BQ6D
1H\6



QI;S:J6TK''%/


H
GUNH3W:5(2E
M?PCK.`!^;Q?$:ZEJJZDJXR(=74085971&UNJ1%@UT=F)CH6XXMU28\=AEM
MG'%N&3:36M2MU'9SXN^S\\*^M&32LRR[3%J-DU@X;]M;XG=7&)/7+RFVVN_M

MQZ^Q3(:]JSQ_)Z6UQV]K'5OM
V--=P7ZVT@.N1G69#;4N%)?86MAYIY*7#4V





M*8V:YF;7)5

N#:LXE;X+J)


Q@K
M&79/F
<<1U]'4:4)%W#EN\B
MO0+A?D/W6!4MK:YG



/R*V4F;`=4

]O



M/2+!F
]4UBH2H$
Y


MC!]



V2;-2MZ[0`:&
M6XIFXH.$33?6/&58;J;A5'FN-K?1
36W
_3ZJ,]U'?2X;^%[3_23%:_M-\0I
-QBM4X[&J:2)X=E4ETFT/
MSY;RUNS+&SE)99\7:6

Y87S<V&[1-J:
MJEHAQ[9FI6<-C2@GJYTE^1O$X:4F5=H`.
FDDGI(O+;;;\&WY!0OI3RS]#L
M'U0R/6?%=/ZVGU

M6G9CND*4E5=@`/$=?^'CM3\6L\+S[%J;,,7N:*PI+V&B;!?4PX3L=\B69.


TG%RPQMF/5(M2H([#6+I33
L

MA5A9WIKC^45
^@R2EJK^CM8ZHEG3W



ZT8:C6]^X[-

MZA83R3LK7!I93I4Q&G=_5MR'$NIKJG4#+XM;'
FT)-
6
[92%LH-25.&E3[A

O*K&3/R#*9
)^3XE



;M'7
0<YKY%9


MZ3ZDI2E)!21PW]G)X2M




=P?9K
MD=OE
_36?43[R8[83H6








M6ILDNDMLU(/WX`'AG#IPX83I%A=-I]IW0QL8P['BGE3TD21.DQX)6=G
N9_0

MLK%;#573ZOS&=
MA45R%C,FPL;Z(Y5QG7HK[C2$T]M6M/\`6[C+4J4V^HS:\C)*W$JK\V+XAJ`
MVI01;[%MN9F?SF9G^4Q0IEO+.T-O=6Z[76VT_K9FJ]2[6O5^8KL+Y$V
[40?



AIUI9$76DR(B%@?47LO'!QDMU8WB]


M5O7:`#38OU_$/
=8=&



MI3-IJ=IS76V11XK
&/EE7+L








MSD-YB\J[?-EB

;I)MR_(*F)]A;[<AZN;CRWFY+S+DE<=

MHLC**&ZN
9NY\.`T^S$BVDBHEL



=:W$3J)FZD2(=79$XI*T6
M;$;V@PIM'A9



B++:2OI3NN/(9=(R(TN)'J(`*8N$[
M@UTTT-Q=S#-*L4AX?C+MK






LKF)@G&.9
MW$=
HWD

(BX7'R-^!)




MRW5_67'



M8S2



L.D5]W3WU'6O/OE:E1)9QK)#0Q4M.U[41N\L91
M*#)5L27OL6VVWO(_=\GN^7?U(_3;8?1N0\5T&SY_(L
Q/(9Z8[

M
Q6W$
-R;BFA64AJ
A:W7280_*6W'0MQQTFR;;4I:]C59AXKNTO\*6D653
/




M2&%2X9.-O*?BR&IL1I##D&7)2A!&W)[A_=DKC$ASI29E[B/]?B_'M\Y$`Z/
M)\KKZ:#,M+69&K:RMARKQLITAB'`@0(3+DB7


MNKG
(QS/
+'`-8\1KLZTUR6!EF*VAO(B6M:M9(2_&7W<
MJ%-BR6F)M;8Q%[)EUT^-'EQ^\96MKN9##KGC_%URU]#-;*6?4ZE:9XKD/C&&

Q8Y!(8F0


MSP:*%$D7



VY3N.1RQS*KLK!N%
BP)*N^Q^EM&(O=RIL9O:8Y'-9.=X@









M[%UN*4HRW

MDTE2&+.15PG*=ABO)TF&7K%
VPCOK35FQ*%R.6V[RL'N[6VXE/!`TV:FW$.)




M&ZZF-D*YIWE;'A1K94Z(M]-I(FPW'4PS;]G[4=R3-*M/]-G-?=(Z2!IY-JKN

_51D2ZVNQJ




M%B1F6[3/:DN.+5VQUMTSX4



MCY12=3E18S9)0@B]2DOQ%^`8KK-=!](M(N9SI%IQI!'?@XA@FK.C]+8RK')
MI.0N2\H185DW)'GYLYMGP+T.=.12RZYUQX\^MD.
&R4HXD?*C

MR_``Y3_H_*
5/HKS
ZCA2Y@?%'J5=8E=9G%L

MZ_
CR6CCLM4CK*FTH2X;DEI9+)+:D+RK!_Y2_*



&4=/P]YK(LR944%FSRRKBP')!F2

7TWG
M6&
66:W-3IK6W

MEOT4=ZKK7V6[:1-A3;%ZZ\4LWV6(U?&AU@=M)P:SL-!=-[F-&6[646JK2;:4


MXD5B
JIRVPLK*@RO((9)E.)A$EK&LBG4
ADGGHLZ35R#AQ]E%#\EXX.2]RS^



8L

17/:



M5L]B5`CMWB)DAA;JHBDRE-#Z3



F8S1RH=7


C27D

M)9Q6I\-7V);K9FN/(;


M:-%@/'DUL-R!BUJJZSBI=1%L8$.?&0^24O(CS(S4EA+Q)6XDG4M.H)TDN+23
MA*(EK+91X]/MENM
?+-2-$-':5`MK^AJ[RYL:NE4BSA6V=SJ6HQ^NENM.K


MF;
1U\^QM<ELLCG86UC[2;5F?7N7LB
MLL
HM+:03]1-B2%5$&LJSA2:F)5'D%8HGZ``L9:*\MC4*DX&;+ABN;/BSE
M[2;.=-H=S4S[I_$5O7Z;UJGLI4J711+EM!M6C#ELVU3NJCOID%#3+1T+7\G(
8I?VUQJ/;YC'F8A)MI%:U7V&.8O3M1GUW-332O&IDT<I

MV(4$^HN)%
N5+H)YS+JYGJ3'*U@P94B

MBJ[
9KQI?J[-U6X
-0(.



MFY-N.I(EG=R

\V;)**!II?Z_0Z#U)=
M8D6KVHJ7[1B(4-;*HLR^Q[&U9S:Q'F2\,S`<M'8R77&W75,H;4\B?6``AF?
M8\\WQ'/-

T&1LPJ*Q@M5
M\5MF5




Y^3*;5


U/M
MO

M#.+98IF4-@W5H;E.

M\^J#ZK+&-%MY!R;EC#



MH7&2]FOXPM`
AESN$S7YY6
V






DQ4

MI[J0603`!&+Y'?9SZ/A7MI.HN8Y+&SS5:QIGJ=N57Q'HN
8E%GJ2JY9H?'G[
M2MYUF33
:1?V


MJTM5%



M24N)44D70/&)U)A.(4MFTEBPJ
7QVKG
?
MNTZ&T/N3:*_JHL^IO*4W7H,63<U)[=S4H7

V
7!ZY!!\
&N6!:^Z3ZX6V+.L9UKLWJ'BV)9


C1(;TV3.OI]C/6YX*O@Q&FC?)IEB*T
MAMLMEF85':B:ATV
EJ;YFO


VTNZ@72W4MJ
S;





M;;J:^DK$+CO75EW+SL=F2PU#C2YLAB


M-SQ
XEB2W-ZW%M
*
ZJ




M83



Z7\R+%J3C?D\3[U!D+V+/:PY9J*G&V%599$FMOW[MZ-`Z
MG)A5ASX_M-DGB3+\
9-N):=
^DADW7N1/PA)29_U/.E^_E_Z/^1?/M*(]BV]


N-O.MK2I02YN+?-]
N./@JJ

^L
M


M7$C

]+Z:+WE;C
/(VW[:19U


R5WTN/&)UZ8Y(#R_B_T
M//@WXZ&Z'2K(Y9Q


O\`O$M*4DD+-)H-


M'BM!4/LQDSZZ=*C0ZBQ75P&:&CH8L^#$D
SX\*O5(C[5+R=\TUQH\:U@TR@^


1
ZYA64CPLF1-K


M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````43\P_[3&H'\L_RG7BM@43\P_[3&H'\L_RG7@/@Y;'VD\%_N6

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````*)^8?]IC4#^!6?Y3KQ6P*)^8?]IC4#^!6?






M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````````-JU;)
_B(S_$0QY7.^
MYO7$9J7Q-R.$_AQR'(
6CP
AJ
)+ZE9!8SD^59NKNI-H^_EAK9LZ3'*5Q_P:



DW)5I32JMZ9#FVN-36)C$@E3'#CA
M;`X=\UXN=&














M\/.G\4^F=G%S1R(UJMIY-CUV7E8:@QK^JLRE.8_E4:L0737'
3&E5EM$86

46':1(



M`KG`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````





MF^I6H]
MIKMP\V-8G*

M6%;8.OR$UQ!'AT[Y9.E^:\-O%QJW/M3PO+-$]6;BOP]TY3B*&VJ$*:1$P635
M.
R#7
L'GCAX]*B$Q

+EZ\9='I^_E4VT/+M.(5




M@Y!%X=5E%96X^C)]\KGEJX;PM:65^FF(.RK%:I;E[E&1S34B9DV53(D.'8W*
MXB7'&*N




MESKBX4T\A1&B





M;&W4ZVN-C%JI]Y*NEA2(Z5$?B4&5


9'



3JIL1C[+'.*@G4D
MAY?P366Q[*+X7F5]H43\P_[3&H'\L_RG7@.OY:Q;:)8(7Q1+@O_`,([@5T

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````````````````````'&XV2B
MV/XR/UV]#(R_$9$?X!R``IYT)X4-.-
&KIC3W#

MGH793DLEM(F*3\$WU?#
M_C

9W1^P#O&IBSJBN








M`/=3PNR`````````````````````````````````````````````````````



895X#IMB]?BN+U)*-B!!;
W)4EQ#:9%E:SG5.3


M+/QD^*K=2\;HW5S=VU

G3?1#$9N;:GY768ICT
E(1(G.F
MJ792^@UMUE)6M=Y/NK5XB
V8%='??V2IUU+4=+CR





SR^PRILJJ4\ER]IRQIA5#E1233'=J+&8J?`BH04V`PF6XB0Q(T1
MSZN8@1;?U!.3?AP+6(_XS9
_FW/R+8O0A.&0G8OZ/(OQ#=M^NY@(/7U^WF(?

NPMI:$FM-=053).3[JS<\NF%`CON$1DY(./'0X
M\F/5S;.U.:8:+%:X5I&55JQJ:QWT1^5%F&O3_$YK2S;7[7N8JTGD5A%=+9RD





MI74IMG=JNA=9M5T*(P1-E7.E&Q;?T`.O@P6V6VVD--MH:22&T(2E*&T((DH0
MVA))2AMM)$EM4I2A!$24I+8B[$B&H``````````````````````````````
M`````````````9CQS6S7S=.Z1[(L]R[&\*H&7V8KMYE-U7T%6W(D*)+#!SK
M.1&CJ?=


ID8[3TF7
M9KBK=GF

MB--E:_#?7(+N4((_A.&22/S(5]
S$.;&A741EU$9%Y&1D1D9'Z&DR
C2HMTJ
M+S29EY@/K```!1/S#_M



M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M```````;@`XW'.DM_P!?R'^0=7:7L2$Q(E3)+









MKX4=['O;EO42)T%RY-[Q=




N6V
WC3+4DXC[L?I8G09D.0Q
M-JK:*A

PRK$+M

XH-)M1^71Q2



M;&/7RH
2EFW#4F-.B95IPS$KI
6R@8H\:[6MCOQ*64;B'H\D


LER9E
AF5

NFR:E]XR?


M08Q([ATYC$!]4*TMK2(^AEBV9.I:
Y
1
IH6YN4;SQ-?N'K76-HIQ)7.9Y!C


FOFT?=6U(Z?=L
MIL/'^UU1TN\8T5EQ.Z5Z;:?


O94J)*





MGAYX;L&TJQ:NPO3O%Z;$



M

OGV_!\NWSG\

C9/;2+?!M18;

ZS36NWM]&*^*VAW(

QW-



M49@U*
R/J6X])??4Y+FS9#CLV?.?D3I;[TE]UU00GN5=VLG(
OU9EXAQ0%IS

EV-'
MD2W8UJ[M8W

M1'1_

62E$F(U.FIK



BM=V9OD95UW4STN/D7?*DO(C&I



MT]1@#5Y8*SFOS:UQ*#C=L3[7@BM$QZ1Z;+LU9*\S'JK-
-91;13SY&BV[V*#
MAULEY?K)JPXS



M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````


EQI^9WZFO$9?D;;*DNM0_#RI9J)
M;E+05KWEE7%RT.R]ZC:SWA:S\8=UD\*/?R2N)&$S[24_J/ECCI)4B1F5RZX
M[)Q:ZWT(]E




W?X)LOB_B
M+X]_B\_C\QJALD^A;?KL-X`0````````````````````````````````````


/^TQ






-Q$T.&W`EN08Z$13;^IVE.

NR\;KYLF'AE'$2ZHXUOJCEQ
-^W
;Q^.74;1VKBGL@EH[PES(D5XZYN\1PU<+.:/XI68/IMB]1

M+)^5.E.&:WWU^1%401`.%MGI
M]YG\Y[_+^7X_F'.`````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````````````````````````````*)^8?\`:8U`_@5G^4Z\





MEI\RX7PXM3%ZD/9EG;\59&ZX:EVDCO2.9(H*5QEMB?MRSN4SI#PN8I[#T\IE

0VA
*K;=W5!H:TH]7#+9PVY
U3TUX+)G)D[
M+KA6C**S4+6MFHU$U304:=749H1-P;!)1)0\UX6-*;[K*

M*JB`MUA%J]+L::(O/;S^
_

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````!1/S#_`+3&H'\L_RG7BM@43\P_PT
MQJ!_`K/\IUX#X.6Q]I/!?[EN/YR7`KG%#'+8^TG@O]RW'\Y+@5S@````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````-#

_(O
?!:W
6#&D3)DAF+$BL/2I4J

MMK&9;S3Q^TU*Q^-(F7-[+E.JA'0:60X[3DM1RG5*C?56RRN=*

M40VUI1]1^$FT9

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

M`\4%]PY:!Z)XWJ1;8_24=BIJ;#RJ\RW=LL9KLJFRH5?C]U3MQJ^L@V349UM
MU$I]3C#LE3R6EH92$PT!!V^O0\T/_@1P/\0=3O\`/(/KT/-#_P!'`_Q!U._

M```````````````````;C::R+U

M```````````````````--P/T

MD2HJIKB_#2LBR.:U*8KG9K+#[\&OAUUG8/
DP_(8@PY+

AI%

V[




M$=U-AKD5TJ%
DA5@`$``*)^8?]IC4#^!6?Y3KQ6P*)^8?]IC4#^!6?Y3KP'P
F7#+I]*SS4*P[LUJ?AXWC4#N7,BRZZ;94XBJHX:U$2NC=[


M.NFW
M.=[Q-A9KKJF-7PDR?.Q9
-GPRY^X3:6K7*_(UDA)+-)8)I\I%+VZEI;[US
MNR

]B]
MWQ@+8G-/YJ.G'K@'U99NZ_86ED^_7XAAU:XRBZRRV88[YQB.MWK;KZJE;3


MBY%/38U

M$-I2E*2024I224ETI)*2Z4I));))4D1)0222DB(DD1$0#+EG`YS9M#F#RK

^\2/7?S\O+;WE\NWY?
M(S+UW(A'LYQ?9Z]
^+!UG+&;)[3C52)'C0F\TK*IJQA7D%AUI+$/


MDY



M'Y.4

=%Y$.+.A6
B)#B19T=%=)[HYR[!U86X^%[





M6



B0T];L[*URL=&]0-!LQU(U
TXQO.


M*D=]2KQZYG`ON;(W.K7U2(['$UHQ3...-NM&4_&[+`

MZT5=77%5;1
9M'D1S2;_`(NX@7-0TMYI2&E

M*I/_`(16IA[E]I&:7Q'YYU@^^V_J1&G8S+R]-@&3
+T(:@0T5Z`&XHGYAQ_[

O

M[J1K5E=W`T_Q^;-;1:9HK'G;H:LH4)7T&%8I2HGU;MJJDI8T!F;

MC##]G*D6=@PR^'M'+VY=^L_
$ZM<33



M6JIN-?*:BKA-J;B5U;A^4P($5M;BWEHC0XFK+$:.A3SCCJD--(2:UJ69&M2E
M*[TNR


TJ2I)F1R%^2URK&^$32FSTX^K5S/)5SFE
MKF4ZZ.C+'F$/SZNDIF8





]R&TW$EZF1?A(8TN9VGSCVS

M0:M4D=U'2EN+IEB.-[+VVVD7='72&321ELLGT+3ZF?EU`,E=UE\I_,1G^0C
M'[

_0B)9D9G\@QIKO*XYMVHZ4_51G.H53$DGUK:R#
M7N)6Q6]SV

MSS

MKZ%_!4E22



LF2FG[7%8F124*(NDC3*R'VK((]C
M\S[W<_,U;^H'=GG;:]2)ZS8P_0?#:QQ9FEDKW*\@RA2]SV09L5%?C1FI7EN
MVEU7PCVZC]1Y6CG_`'
MU
62=/M+9
)








M






MP.3[R-J+ARG9Y=Y57:;Y?DMUGTS)\(R2MP]IJXPJBE
&RFAK+.VA*FU;31FA


.Y@.JW

M6N0Y%:O-PJR


MW'B+2[%8S#%J/)&XKB._Z%QTV\&7W*D%)D$GN^DB[]X]NIQ9G\VB75I=IIX
MTM.=.L'P)-D:#L4X;BE%C7CS:Z2;.8=/`B*DDV2$=7E+0DTD9))1;@+%'
(


+]YMIEZ[R?!
7O+9YF/U=PT]86-6_+?0SUK)
MKOG5F@E&1'Y@

M_C%3(M$R$S'X5E



74+KTO_5!
M?5C


5A
M5M!0QSZWG3;78W5I()K*_NY24(.;<VCR2=ER#)+:$(8AQ6V8
2)':B0=H9R
M7(N([BOT$X)\=M)%9CDEVMR_/'HO41^(GHLIKDM]LC-#ZL8PFIGSZMMTDM*L




TDNIYY1$3LJ=



;O
MWGD

CEN6&68\Y88%E5B\I2WK*TQ53+$.
MSDN+



W


M

MS5K#H=S64]^[91%5M\PRQ9UUA3V#];81'U179$.4VB2PHV)41Y;3K*T+
FGB




M9#S;RV'RE



M(0W*C1Y*$.)=0B0PT^A+J-R0XE+R5I2XDE*)*TD2DD9D1D1F.U`!\S
1#:4I

M]3?D:5$?D+PT2O98::99::::9:0RRTVVE#;339$EMIIM)$AMMM)$E#:$I0A)
M$E)$1$0^T`&U*2+T&X```````````````````````````````````&FWZ[F-
KM78UU,R7-<MKIR:+&FO

M7($P8*HCKC$/4'(H77XS
[E\DD47!\9CE(E5*Y)&PF(S(R602I$FMC0IO'*9

MNFNQESY
B*]V2;@!U[TSU&S?-
]TIE8;@N08
BMCWF:T+=1EKUN5O72J^%CK





U1.;]Z^'68

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M```````!1/S#_M



M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````#H[K((E=&?G3I

M5VV$Y-GB
UM;[*'LFD-5K4]C&J!;U=#@N5]$W9K.:_XAR*N;86#C$`ICSC1%
M`94PMU^]L`Q_G

PK'(^/5]GCC4ER/
M27TC5:X0PAYRVK^YL7'*R^KVX[CKD=F&PY'=;+P+1WLB/$7J=:M9)Q`ZOU&/




)6


;L6-EXW2S65)+-I\=U&[=Y=1G%)QUI2

]$347
8:FEQ
M

M;)2E)$1)21$1$DB)*2V2DB21$`W%%27N\_/SW/?UW\S]3_#O^'W?01#4``;'
M&R41I/T

#%\'QFCQ''*Q*D

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M```````````````````````````````B?F'_:8U`_@5G^4Z\5LB?F'_:8U

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

_
ER6(L2
M
VMV1*DNH8C


F6\NE=\TDMV7[AE^/BT%:5F274RKLGD&2^IA2D&@POR..$DC
_

M^
BW



M256!4WA[/(9ALW.=Y6EKI=R?*7([:'Y#9J)+K5-6(_U.Q^HDE&KV^_=2J=-
MG//!77H)H7C.FN(8]@F&U,6CQ;%:J)34E7$+['%A1$[(-Q:BZY$I]9N2ITQX
MUR9TY^1+D+6\\M2O9+8:D``````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````````HGYA_VF-0/X%9_E.O%;`HGYA_VF-0/X%9_E.O`?

D


AJI+T^-'JIKAI0C


M\RW/F
QX3CS:)C'Z/A,TQRO#M-,Q;.





M\U/3Y4EU1D1J7N1&513



M

9P^5T)C1FTI@2;EF+5QB\%1V$10



Y-KT%`8=8=MIDIJF7:\1






M5A_*


M92UPDF_W*$&L_P`MK)VNW7C4O*X.


M'A/S[*

)JX])(L\



R^#

M\.TMEK8BZ2$W]26WQ;%^+T^(!:CX
N2MPUZ$%%DX%I3CR;V




8G42[JZLW]U%&A

M+L
;=V@CF5Y5Q:ZS4'=H(;]_C-7E3-/*]D/?M?4'4&.\XRX^Y*;4;*L.PQ
M92FIBU%`5)CV^12#7#AU3[04PX=0:E\U/BZEV



M[H9%L`U`````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````````````!QNENE1?&DR_&0
MQ57-$R_


V%+:;G5R9
MMI1G;




WFXT^W1'ALTUQ/#Y.
:;8OB^'8?=-S)



M&]H+&L@G;1O`R9[
:LQ:F?*Q1#6_&C/'*Z&4S)R:4YWF8F_:^N+;3_`%!U

:16%



M`(5?Q!4&:KM$0LVU

M0U&K5



YYDM+$II49[I\VWB-)EOMN

9OA5SG5HFZM;+NA5UFS$0K9M-7

ML\$=L8M9%N4I
G42I
QJOA2&6UNRGE1R9:6^\3*H078I

M[PU*4HO+SWM2\2/+'+!L'R/*_P!D.\N#I8*)?LV37)98EDJ5&CDTZZ5L^:$_





)MM64V0*K9/M.C?89LZZPIK-:5LR.F4V_
M$D$W+C(2_%ELK9?CN.)W:=)IYL(X_'GVP_1KBFT^BN/6.K=\T:V4W\TY.+8
T@E([Q@[#)GR)*2;AD:N@3#N!CLV/#!H@N
M):MX?^R/ET8T.IRG4M<;(%L/D9K[RMQQ,9C%ZQ3;ADN/(352;!HDD13U'YG?
MRAP6V6VVD(;0VT@FVFVT)0VTVA*4H;:0DB2VVA*4I2A4I2E)$22]`&/YH.Q




MH0IQA:B`?@9/-^X68M


MMF328D^@T_5+EMZBN2[7$Y55\)U%AW[UTZ+V1O@Z;GE

M*&I)*(U-&MF*S8]DD:3,K!+FRC(G$GLHKY7=P-Z3:'TKF/Z4X#CN$5KZD+

]P\-Y4G+XI.&/1?%]*


M&TD$7N&X``````````````````;5^AC52MBW%KGFT\S/%.%S2&YU$NU
S[MT
MUT^#XN;Q-2


XV
M?ZA
.LOLM(BNI-E6(88A$9*X+:2@+DQJG'6D.0H-I':R2
=GI]Q;[J
S\CW
\O<,=3SQN1'KQ@FNMEQ*<,]+=Y!!M\KAYL4#&O%

BX.%YDED1?$

M8R[G##;2W$YYDLEJ!`K_``!M)G(H[.?'AMRD%




(B+T(.D@&-^Y)79[=;L_UAI-
M?N)FJOZDI<I<S&359V[8-ZBY]F
&4BQK)EM73FW9\2E1=I9LKB7D)M2KHH1

MD-K@W$*6T[-QAV7)*H[^;:0)B8AVB+2'*!(B+W`9`
3/8X7S-;O2R#PVS=.]



]FO;D2;



MM!=2W'%*

%BVG*XEL
MS&E%LDVKG*EN?4Y6=TX9HD
QY5G9
J2I)U:E)5M$+DL\Q[F&R5M*3=XYI9
D



;

FV4$IU]PT

TL=THQ=+R(2U-FXQ@.F<6<T4^ZEH
EQ7
VS%]#)M
'U

M8Q&=:5W3F/8E-ZEV#[JBAR;V._
=4B'C[



@X^EX[+*[4NE73[








ZSW75X


PRR;)2[1YAXC7&R3+
MXKA+4I?[9K
WG$7U*YRW'AQPWDW-`


]B.WER:^%S5?





1M2E$Q&91TH*N;8:@-B$$1;%Z#=M\@U```
M```````````````````````````````````&AF/*-:M:



9]E'%CJW2<)G#\4G(<6B91'J)CE


MCT-9_8(1+E/)\?83G';KP!L`````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````B?F'_:8U`_@5G^4Z\5LB?F

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````



_JGY5=+J\:?3!Q2HLXJW67X]QF
IIY



2$BUC-O+=2PC)GKM+3*DM*0XXWW

&`






M;D-DGT(B^;Y_UV^+W#D`````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M```````````````````````````````````%$_
/^TQJ!_`K/\IUXK8%$_
/
M^TQJ!_`K/\IUX#X.6Q]I/!?[EN/YR7`KG%#'+8^TG@O]RW'\Y+@5S@``````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````



MTX*4P\;3[-3:-3K;(FVC(]S384=-
IWR(C
QIH;[R%7<<F;8=E$
S[6VC&\V[%





M$A-')?)4EUR5.EK-*D78!H1$7H-0&FPU````````````````````````````






MLW'0LSG3FVHK;B

%QW3C`*:/28GC$!
&MA(
G'G%&HW

M`CMQ(

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

DNABLJ(*G#-'

MINC@(ELG*H[6+/\`5[DBNN(J'F6UNPV%M6-?81=EMM-/.WG
!J````````
M`````````````````````````;CXY

DD:OWI;F1&9[;&8




M.D@TD=




D[^
7#JSBTU.8QX5C9

B,;B;&6AI4G@WY8_%!Q]/Z@:N'G<*PFU4U4*5D6H&16L=Z[R14=-JS

:

_
_F+U/YB_I&-Y[-)S/]2]+M=F^%35.SM[3&




:`PN*]^ZJV:HJRJU!*M@Y

GXV1T24O
-S0.RY\V'*N(73
M?(L






/H-6_=K=8BJ-.QN--+
VVPE4G
M@]''LY-['J:IB\EL(BRKIF!$:MI$=I)=TQ)LT
IFO1VNA/2T])-I4D6Q$G9
M,(OED9,QQ\TW7'6O&5(FX+IWC=G10+IE*E0YRX]35::4SD9Q)FVI%TW7Y#;


E*<G[E5XMPHZ51
*IY2+G
M);:0B]SS*BC^'/(


M\S
B&

$_#6NJN==#9J@U-?



M`!IN&X#4!IU$-.HOC`;@&Q2R+U/;Y_(:]1?+^(_Z`&X!IN0XU.E\2O\`DK_R
M$`Y0'S-/=7N^0]O
MR
R



+6VB457J/@%
MC=3WE1X5/`S3')EM

MR
BU%S+&



M

MH3L=YF2TTZTM!![T`CMY)VJ'@FKG'6D:J65BMIQ]L_9NGN?O-+-DU)(V9+^/
MQHSS;RD[

M&E^2U^?9)E6/-0E7R

5EV/'2^EM
M4A3R'FFJ'\$[9=P^7604U.YI]JW50[6R@UKUS-A8H['K3G26XI2Y$*%DLB=(




773;5U^QN)C


Q'*C@9*X^I)N



MJ93]U_LTO

A!FIQ2K2E8\#


[NZI




ME))C':U-Q;2(J''68/M?:2^=Q*UXS-S0;2VSEQ=

MP;B-27Y#BV8R



H9;<.0ZTE74=D'XJ*.;PTY%@

M9-MMA&2XT\):Q;FP(@P94IY
CBDTHO5O/*0EY+^6WN$Y+/C)5'2TGPS$BZDP

M9KV21)4KX2B
S




@9Q1:%0G.'74#
M3E=A.*I7HSD^&+L4'']JG7M8+
I_%D:F?!^

M3?

\-SQ

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````



M..C??I3OOOOMY[_C&]#:4^A$7S%L`\UTFT=QC!:.#C.'8[1XMCM:TEJ!1X]5



CS&'(17R=2Y\R




B`9*1#Q*
XR;49'\QD7F7RE\'S+8S%F7DAZ/<3V
M':.RZKBDR5W(LX?RBQE4OMZBY1=5&


M$9J5Y%YC?+M6F&UNO*)MMLE*6MQ2$(0A!&I:UK6I*&T(21J6I:DI2DC4HR(A
MCD:3L:'$/XF
[
UPT[B$;[#LB1$D9Y+E1MG$K4_&0=;!*3)841.LI5)C)6ZA



5



M17D$DU

<9;6AI!]:S)&ZBB+ZV=B[I<NS?+\JB

MEK'EP]E&Q#0#5K#]6W]6\ES&TPM^7.K*EG&:_%X#UE)KIE:EZ;*9MK::[:
MCS75J@-FT4ITD-R7SBFZRZ$C;B+XW-(](TUBM3M2


E=/27?T48NH]^HB4:2Z2/?8_(7
M



M;9MJELD9QUL*4PJ*%S0N0)P7\
NA^;:IVL+4:YM:V&5;B-5:Y^:$7.9W*7(6

MD[F&;6TFNF4KTLD*2O*;5V#
)N3'*%2IB8ECCTA)**YR6M'4P^2S_8]HKYJ
MG9J-IKE'#K40
P?SC2F\:AX-=TF+06\/HLBQ)U6.V./-SY=S!L%T;M6BPQZ

$V\QUF./+JS?:Z9-;IU6NN
M'0-(W/O&3R.=XG(GC09)E0/J?4M!*C]0NO:L\A'A(S?*[O-LFT2QRRR3([!^
MVNYR;')X#

Q6DRWU./OH-]UUQ86'^1/VE[



M/F`ZC0X
7/
*Q+-H==*5-KHV58_49%&@RE$E)RH+=I$E-QW%MDE/?
$A3K1(

NF-AA[&9[$DS/IZ=^KXA*SO^
E
MT;!S6(S*W4H;J_IN71NMZ3KM)M,Z\T[])PLQ2

M\1I1N$TA&T(2A#:4H0E!=4(01$A*0:20E)$1)2G8DD1$1$1$1!C87NU]

MG/$3Q%1-0I&MNF$7$J['UTSN+9178YD.*P;AZQ5.*?1H@9!)E'9O5;
:/+\?

M
'YGM%K?J%BVDVFN2Q










7H
KR7(
4EXA=3[B
MFMJ!
*66]K$9A6




=A#?2:;\DKA



M(J_&\/HJW'J6(@O-N!5Q6XKWE)2GO93Y-G)F/J+O)$MYYYPU+6HSA=:P]F,
MXH).N&H6LV!\3M9B^09CDV36L?(X)YMCV5MT^03U2$U$J70DMMEF/1#KEQH





CV[UTE
MN%[E#]D2?U\P&/(_K(#*%&:CXAZ%1J\]U::V^Y[^\]\QWW]_G[QN_K(+)R42
?H68_@\C+Y-AD-MB^(-B`6XN';E[XW2<.&+<.NH*


_JYI

)QTFW9S%.O'

M#_M



M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````


@YCEC5[F[#2CCZ=8@IBZRMQ[H6IE%FVB0BOQIA:DI)3^03(

RJ\VHB:


YZ:^I$E


M.-.M/;R^N=&

0=6=4
NS/#OJGM)ZL/J

1J513ZBV(B2Q:QU

FC


_YNF8L



MXDLX
AVKDK249;Q`+\W)9+CSQG.LEU1XLL[ETVAT##KN5?KU%S+#Y4-BQ9-A
MVOEU]?2SY*

M\6EP[#*N8E3;


M(:9=?L)^[-1`ERD1$M91OE#\F337A
Q$X6/-HR'/;J
RG

M95


`;TUU-QU5]BL:57SH$=NQL*Z=66%4RY%@3Z^T@R&9S$IF*\_%4LWG$2([[

O



U&/4(M4PPDD
MMLH(]^AEMMI&_Q]+:$IW^(]


M7Q#4`&FWR!M\@U``V&FQ?$-0`:;%\0;?(-0`:&?D

J;8H$V&CV?C[*L<K[!3
GV=:3+XU
.*
M3W9Y%P;#01_'^!2B_(9`(+6
]L0K:6OA5-5PEYO`K*R'%KZZ!&RUEJ-!@P8[




X9!DS*VVIY
R#-B
S8YJ=\#


MAEU
)7F2'EJ(B4%U94I!'L9EOOL7KYG\1?&?R%N?S;D+6G
'YQF@G#5=/4;
M-HY9$IGO(.XZ3=YFL\^E*T?ZC




M/]N
8^W




4L1.\BVR&V@4]


M:JMBN2U+J%QGE1)JI4$W'=*2F(2EFX^^TRVXM&/6Q#LZ''?Q)64?(^('/WL
M8B/*\02M2\NG9M?1FW/@E[-QCDSJNN+I+J\$_/HR:(MEMMK)2!.MY=/+VHM


NB


..2W6$]

M-0H


%#B5/5V
M'5LJ7%C
U;2S2T_-AE+7.E

RZ_4#B?DP\TR4W4S
MV=


MC(SGZ$DB]!!Y[)?]N?CE+T(LXQ@B(B(B+?+]7?
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````````HGYA_VF-0/X%9_E.O%;`HGYA_VF-0/X%9_E.O`?




MSJRC


M&XB_99VNC@Z@*

B[9]PU
MQCVK\$UHLR\BZDTN(PDG\(R
_P!M9?N7P)7IYF9(]2,R8/N&XA:3^VLZ')



BMMLIMEQJYE^.O



MW(\FMWKNTK



2QRFQIK'+''+FFL

.
MBP[5'$\2I&2-



M

M4#%JBJ85L9$2N]O
CB.)+U

[
\



#XC





M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````````HGYA_VF-0/X%9_E.O%

M)U:H*RRIJK-*I=BQ5VY-^T(#L:;)K9D9Y;)FQ(0U-A2$QYC&S
R
3
EM+9.F
6TSJ*)6U-5%<FSYT@VTK<[N/':6X:6






*J*.MB5%-5U]/4P&D
M
A^8F:&;
MVUG^Q_TO_P`,;?\`,++P$@'1CEG<.,C$<8D2.'_1)]][':)UYY[2K!77GG7:
MF&MQUUQRB4MQQQ:E+6M:E*6M2E*,S,S'I)\L?AJ(]OZGO0W_`)I\_[!_P!`

GSG6(K#:3


=X;*C&-0ZN!%L49)F&50+]JEDVBNIFOCXHS&G

6T-3



M7T^(\$G

G8[V)X!5M%+O4&RVA4
M.T]E/MS&R96[?+[Q+A_)P;\FK3[#.8I5\

MF;67L(\!76JY:*^OLI9(8CN63GBVF$%



MW]VL'5S6S7G`\P/0*G5AN1Y344US!;L;W(\PA4MC/CPYN0+N(#%=1U+5-$





MN9.^Q



X5YF4$R+TZD^%R-HDN
M?_K$D2_?U;B]_L`/#?=EEX(IIFI.D4V$LR075`UU$8(B1Y;):7DSS!=9%L


B
BV-7F8F
M
#3;Y`$


M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
W+5%BF
M+5[MA:3G/AN*(C2W&@P8Q&3DZSL92V8-9`9/OYLU]F.V7PU*3A@<9W'KS!;

*-
OK:])DU+DT^#-Q:JH6ZB#8



M6TB1%F1)+*ELR(LEAUMYA]E:VW6G$+0HTJ(QW8``#8IPB]3VW`;P'#WR?C3O


UJ2@B(U&:U)21)26YJ
S
MDD1'N9^1?&
M`^@!^#GZH8W%-)2;^DCFHE*23]O7
FI*?W2D]Y)3N2?[8R\B]X_
U_$)@DN7


08$*)'1WDB5
F25M1HT=ALC6\^^X
MAIM!&I2B(C`=X`MZ6?-KX781(.5Q$:)L$X:B0;FIN(%U&GR41?ZJ_P!KZ'\0

M-Q8\V11O%;6-A#CRT$[%5/9I:RS]GKD
FE]AB:J.^['6W(0T;+B%JIP_KC?@
MK_W^\7_]Q.9?YL`+W`;BR/\`UQOP5_[_`'B__N)S+_-@?-)[1WP5H2I9Z]XT
M:4D9F3=+FCJS^1+:
7-2S
K8-,Z\M39=1C+:8;2Y/GP&7?Q&C_`#]N

^REK)J)`:GW5#`KT2ICZD
16GY;)R



R)
F3)D.M1X


C^8]_U_[OC(

OU\OD^(;R47Z_Z=@&X!L)9?K^OZ^_8;P`````!QN.


HE

M%?5^RZL;N+%9H;QQV5-CPG[Q
5!.1JF]QZ=)A
9M#KTMU]_13(]ZRPU.1'9B



M
7%F1&?0@L5@VS9J


C




J58)K^@DM+;L6KBN)#R&5$I)


)2HY^HDXI-0

0*6!$JJN##K*ROCM0Z^N
MKHK$*!!AQVT-1HD.%%:9C18S#2$MM
1VFV6TI(FT)+R'Z$``````````````

_/



:
G8$^R;E8_IU'?@1HM3646#X
MXA2GLPRNYL%Q*J/9FJQ-
V42+._K8J.Z:N

MA(GS]15658[9



IF
8


K7&VIDF`JNPG`K3*,QK$)==2MB_P`BR'-KZF8TE)M

J0HB6+VW(%X&../$=1



:G/%+*&J$AHW5M2Y40VR)1$A)$XHUK(BV
M):E$1*4LBV):E$1$:E;J


MM_*K9
5=O%=O[R)CEK/@QV(46TL:*OEQ&)4XH46-&D$I]


PJ4X9$74](4Z\L_
MA.+48]P`!M)/Z_KZ?@&I)+]=AJ``````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

MI




D5:6J(K2WG

MELS\=TUS&=7OP)#


KLFJFBJU8)J#7)FS


M-0
'UHTYU@SG-G
+R!-O5K8N-/[K&YL^`EYAV'
FT%)U&EKOE$^W'FLOH/;S



K@P-2<3A/HD2$592;!J@RUAB6M9M0XLJ

M

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````








TEO+

M'C-V5.F.QX-?'ZC4]-G2FT)(W'4H`1M^S(\QI$;@WSN7J#*LWX7#5*R%F8\T

4WF8K:5-4R9UVWK#6%NHQK

5T'Y$XLO

U:S

M1R/
.Y4'#-0.KD5.@&CD1];RWN^+3G%I#J%K4I1FTN9625

M$@ND!LR#MMVHDA2TTF@^&1%J5TQTV.8W]PLS/JZ24U!K*LUGYH,R2:/I6D
ME;K2:?
K#M9?&CENZQ'1O`6^L_L7LS3[43(91]7DDD&K(ULKWW3M^U?-9%_
M:GTC(CX]H'A5.E+=/B&*5+;9%W;=;C=-0@RZ=NE

E^V9<Z)5MI;N2LT.19#5B;TB2VP2Z\XK3<5E;\OP:;`
:J79D
M./\`OE$=[K%CR4'T?^5-8=0+59;'W?PB142$F:$&:BZ5'\$S06QGL7VJ[&YQ


MOUW
!C@(G8G=7'4_M[6[3UHR5LDF:7+)9&W[U&;R8AI46_D@DFDS]5CWG2#L

)R;

M7`AQ([Y19+

M?[KM_C+@O_QNQ]




M




CM;+([%JSN;B[FQ(
!V=-?CPX$)
MLVX%;!A

08




MP#'N6?8@;DC64/B



K#(HVZ3V+HV^%Y_

MN6'$]VXHR

MA.Y[C)4F@OB&TV4?O2_$0V7RE+/7N;HCA\KB4B,1-5W$VOM=*6JZ-8.UI6
MRHW[Z'3)341+YZ!TKGLUZ4-(3W!O-

97XW3Y3<0L;:C:
Y'E461CL2

'

KC)VPTCHU
J^Q
M$4_1?.XK1N^ODMFVC*-SI0KX'7MMU'T?!(RR7'07R_@49?D
.[+_`-K_`)2O
MZ0&-18[6CQJ5QDU9:.Z;*6RKJ?\`$Z=:E0G^[WZS2LD9@VVT71^X5W/D7PU$
MKW]Q_7BO%

C^/;89));!&6VZO^
M6K\F^Q_

C^4B(B\MM@$-/DY=I;

M\F;80NY4\H^X7
W869I(S]3(C/U]=O/;?Y?P_'YCK(E+&C]7AV&&#5Y*[EAM


A_P\]];YE#)EZ+6[VVS4(R



E)/V
M!4^2B]#W*&1I




MUWEF^V_I[_

?H*W.T*ZPLZ]\O'2?7&_P`1DX1DL[


MMRQD]%9

=D6\FXF-FN(N\GL4[E3X26S9-P`9E97^@VBN
M06W?+M[O273FVLS?/=]VPL
0IY4M;A^1&ZZ^ZM2O1)K4?H0A!ZQ]L8UXH\KR
M.FB:`XA41ZJYL:YJKR8LS7D
!$.6['*-='&E0(R;)LFR*6AB*VRV]UH;ZT))

*

B

NLSZ349I))^8#]@A6Y;_A_&6_O
M^?Y/F$?'GL\\=P=P\`*MTT=SN;G3][T3IUR]08_5L4:WOHKLYBNL79-O-5
M9MNQ8:4

?\XUK_FR-2[;WF&Y;\/N

M_
?H)Y?]3%IU]X.$_P*6/\`_9HY&.&C3UM:'&\%PMMQM76VM&)T%H46QDI

M.(])9KH?7\#Q4YQI
6-U'T]\\CJ\MQ^@CQNCW_$7D6WD6^WXMSV(O(MS+XAS
MN(
R\CV_T`

M^9'



J2]`.+$4M
MEUY

M;

M7


*-34JDPS'X4U*CVW44]

S%8``/@=AIZ?5
M6Q%Y%U;)+;T



_T\X-=!<LK)]P1P9.H-JEFXGTK$IE2%RH[K##6%
M8B^T9;HO+Z[LTQOA+B1VYAM*:G+WVU-IT^TZVNLNC<D'80(LXT)
^HTMG+9



I_P`9?K^O
MQUUS8^9UCOOI*K5*ZQ^TRY$J]K,=I::FD,Q43[6TC3YL94ZW<:D,5=8B)6
MRGESNXDJ=<)B+&9==D($)S,NU)\9.MM@[0:!Z65E`\\ONV6L-Q&ZU2RR.I\T
M(;6J=/BO4C9DHSZ758Y'01F1GTF6YADIC66WD?Y//]?]`M-\4//'X5](%RXV
M9:SX@=K-2'Z'&93V97S3Z5J;\


4BDXI2G8[J-E
/


M/Q*:T\9O
9ROVK38)EV2X?36$AC'



5$

(/J^`TDS4Z^ZXI;TJ6^MV7


MJ=0\;[-=C\Q*7G&YZUJFWM
MIW\EJW/?=;:C/W^_H^
]SWW/?S^:#Y7]C'E1
M&6XT3BRS:+&93T

MSGO^);O_`

MF/)D==/8K(C



MVKIVS+P
:/
EL=C@X5\MPG0[-LWR:MF4\+4_+*JRQ.'/B.1I%ACE%3KB
9*R
-&)_?'&?^PQJW_@QS_P#FA=`-V*1!IUNU:ZB
O\`8G@^I&7_`*8T



DM-54F77Y%9^&)*W*FHGFZ?<
MN(7'

T[N;%#]9'R^BQ?4F@JY$Z
M?B^68U=.5QP\BJH)/UZ7KJ%37!7&






Q+;ZO:M+;Q69#)Q)K;X3PR&BO0:D!@*)^
M

_9DD@S1\!

;6')

GGM\_X


MEFRGJ)$R2]N_*D

M3B3
DH/K22O0



5KJJ'%KJN#$K:^$RF/#




MCLJ#BC3N19C=L(:RK4&Z8CHNKE#;B7FZV#$8-R/0X\P^7?
U$1UU;SQ-2+.;
M8RFVW6;PX`-$I(O0MAJ`````````````````````````````````````````



M2F&U9Y+;1*N/(FK2I:(4/OUD[-F*0AQQ
2(T_(-MMQSH)*#






099IFMK2%U
Y*-^GJ(U;&?27FK8O4^DO



MR7:I-JTW)8=C]YWC:B*BGEO]J?N^(GB%Q;26NT0=I





08

M;03:&VTM)0VAMM20A#:$MH01(;2E*2(NS``````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M```````````````````````````````````````````:&6XH4XV^7%HUQ4K
M%)J[@];EL6%(;D5TQ3DNKO:I27#6X59D51)@W4)AXE*\5#9FIARDF??1U.=*


MHM:'9O4MD^R]LHD9)E23ZNMU*D(4D3**NI9AM-L1FVF(S+;3+$=AM+++#+


L):.Z\5&8?/I0E9N-(W5

U
BMY$Z[GM
]C19


W0AUJ2A0?N%N$7QGZ^1%

;DDI.Y$:.[ZB
]C

MMTK29&1DIE(,C(R,?8,?/JUPD\9/+846H^E.HTW6SA^JGXRLLQY38=S3T_
M?=+B[?&WI=E[C$AQ#2,RPR8A,1W3US6M5_V)^99RZ^8#@W$II=0ZGX*\ZF

9'#0T=KCUJ3?2@Y
)3S+C$IM)



MXD-U9MD&H&


PR!

LQ%NJ
MD(

M[&HC4=$^6_PDK6GR.^CP[=E/X0


M`QPNF?8].(#.[$K?6K6O%:E^0\HY
B*_DNI^1J0:C4OOI%NJAA$\XO=1G[2?
)9)1U

&[CS9$IF-9

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M!\SDDD]1F1[)(S
]BV\B
S\]R+R(M_/8O78SV/8/I`?!763
IM#T=Q#S+B4K

*TRT:OE4^J&7.+R
M:VM8


S366L1.Y
MJ)6T8;D6:4S^+;B6UHXVM3JLW


MNN)29
O!FGI#


L(:G
M&WZS$WIN;3D2&CZ7(RDXK#M8S3Z%_!-$B4R6Y*+?RV'!RH.$S6C$^'5&G/$E




M-ET[S5E/?WB/6$

54*


M`URC-`N'*1+GZ2Z?0

FQ21A-O96=/8XWX!U:H]U'CQ;6#
A6;#T9TGT0(+



-EOTH::06YF:NI9FM7[P`

_
:[?KN8U`````!U-I:-Q6U.O*0VTVA;KKKKB6FFFFDFXX




O+['(IJB1
VW99

M#KJS4:6C57T=10I2M6Z2\.4Q[X?EWBR
B(







M9*





M4C4'53)&




M[)7^Z
MD]1((B*7=R0=&^)W=);KXI\I=R7-GLNG3*`IU[%RNYIL97`KFFX

M=^GY2+XU)4DOQFDB_C&.GUYY$/

M.N1'(M''9+V-M%4TCV:F

7).XQM&=;Z;435C6*!+PN
M)673%_B\'/\`+LRDY4JPKGXE?6SH-O7Q*J.U!L'(UQ[3.1)D
.P&VHK9K?-;



M4Z8Y?UGL%.8D2K6-*BQ)_BVTR&KHR67WHRTML6
ZOL;_$8A]B6]K?IS%=2
MXV^Y(C3-09$J.X1DLWHZDT[!NOM*^&VHGVC4M*3[Q'J09()4E!$9FI)$DC-1


9N%N+4G'%P
M`Y=JMPN2M!Z;4VSJ


M]TRNIY
U'?

S/T
MV(B`9(F-9




M\I==:*N8==5MTG=K5
LWI7BE-

7R_Z/B$!/F&<TOF9Z;:R:@P\;TLM_P!CBNR6QBX<
M=9HW(S+&IF,L2%M4MBC+*Z!(E3Y5E7-LS9Y.6;2XLN0_'.')I+#?[CE=]HG





6'Q)_P!3YLV+-+J/R2:H
MY$H_))J\]@K_``'14F0P[&.U+@RHTV*\GJ9DPY#
J

T+
M

M``````````````````````````````````TW`:@--QH:R+U
B`;@&PEE^#X]
MCV_'Z#K+6WCPFE2);[
:.WYN/R'D

-EN22-QYU:&D;J
B3U*+J/R+S`=HM9
M$6YGMZ?QB+=VICF%S=+-%HFEF%RI!:DZZ2UXI6M5CB_:L/$27&9R6;%3'5WR


M:W3-

NQJ&\EQQE^/6SI
3(JI
1;S4FOM[63&6J)

M!FOS9E3#B38U_C





MO
8KX4J37U]S*GO12E2&BDE%)V0TSU.-


M*N

XL
M1G;GMQ#RE=-=PW
H22U[+FZLDX:FO
D&:&


@-U.
HNDM1CE!0XRFYB9?C5;DM971K0[





M$:=_XA#EYXG*&XRM;]8BRG2+5J/7Z=N8]3UE?BTK4+)\*1CDQAE3%TIVMIX;

C9.MHT9ER1(D

1V2ZG
M7WG6V66D^1=3CKBDMH3N9%U*42=S(B

M,SW\3:M'Y$DS/Y


FMB(B

MB6HOO8;H7D%NVE*R+I),W(&[R*K;RV6X6RC\_-.P[KCRYB/%ME_#U@?_K'
M4OQN('7;41N.FN545N.91-TG3.J(.-1
DHJ8HD:GF93GJ+2*UU0JQQ_&





+BO&@/`\8[(WQA25.XQ+U*
MT\J
0KILHH1JSC

94%%IZJ8W(NKJ);S+1Z6].QYHF[MH
MD0HQ*B5\Q9K)UIEM<\A/-PX6+;^J/T


MI%M5/1G8TKV+;PF'GG$QFR:O`:$\D;A0TXDP9V)Z$X#'L*Y;3T&RN*UW*;.-

:











M`IEX4.+/`]:


M'S2K%EAM;S[B&&FTFI;KZB9:0E);FI3CO0E)$1&9F9D1$6^^P#[@'$T\E9$I

R'')DH;0I:U$A*4J4I1^1)2@C4I1G[DI2DS
M4?N(C^8!]&XUW$1W73MC?#5C


_P221$6XLMY
MRNKC4W'UBH6)'2GI34X9I(RTE1E\

E?WY;DG



M



EO
RHTV&ZXV\SW\29&C24






JJ
MLJ6SK;`VDR6&Y=9:L192&9L112(4E*5
24]XA#J7V)#3$)WB
[4YQ:9EFF1X
M-HCHS$QR34W=G4-0_J0R/4#/8QQ9KD%CVCZ6ZB!/W;ZWHJJ.0RP^M4=3LA






MWI3DM!CEK05ME%*?5OU(,67CLJ(:UF_&D0X1L)8DLOMS8_V1HWNI3I*'%J
[F^&1^\3Y%L7P?0OB+XB]/
M0:I827HE)?



EJ2TX3


M






PZ^+&CQV''=DM1==6\KOWG;92W



MK'

M




Y3*&6&XM?$:6Y
427&K#W
(Q?FSXAK3J%D^G-IG=]@

M#R



JQC2$65D[
-:4UC6CQD)?E2F#D1FW9`:F2
MC\



MB#DRY;




E8S1XQ2/8]]F=H(6-3JR?1M(8ER$G91&GZJ
BRARI25V

(DXGEV
91'6GJ0_CF0TUXTLC+?X#E7-E)7\G2


MK
GPF:9;D:2.52GDJ&U^1;FDS(MB

J]$GX$J?(:()!1*&NX

GO(^+QBT?DY'A_U.QISZ*:57Y;0M-SK1$JM
M3%DORY=T;GB'7DN1H*T*A



MKLCN$K8)^F737M8O!K?N



MT]*8-B^LS





M\9E\Y$;ZIYK3LC
Z**LNEOV?/QZ6XK%V#):4W.&.3UF2G&T$&2[;7U$1[;?B


MP'(27O\`Q$9^\B\MBW/S



OD1*-EUV`](;:
V+.EAQ&'K4IN-$\2;*')+[#76V;A$/U?-

JUKIKT-5G5%';AS+NK=AMQR9?FM](79347QD-I.)/T



MTY#M#0LYZ655[#*$3E.A)1F7

D1;[[NNJ)LMMO/=1





R`7$Y'

/!KS-X59&@G#O





M

=R!JWCP8[4R6W5+[\K:C

?)*4:=MC
MSZ2VV(MS
B+?
M?UVW

M


MF6\?EAQ!:W0

!Y=JKH

\7QS+J=

M2LDK41^+U/`7HG`_\1T=TJA_`)O]JZ=X?'^`7GT&;=(1F@C(C))F9F9;[[BK


MD0T;HX:%=:(L9*^I2^I
=E*NI1F:E=1-D?4HS

MDOB(B(OGV(B+?Y=M_E&XVR/X_P`!F7Y#(;P`;.@OE_&9_E




$[*GF




MD


M]E2%3X)R(!$V4E4AL/-^7E4VW`OS`;?AC:M)LK177.
W;82U92G7SA2IT6?+

^A2ZVCHH1-F



M@^'/6C-[33K3#4ZGR[*ZF`[9O0(46WC1YD&*MM$V12V4^MBUMXB$;K2I7LR5

MO








MN[%$=$-J38V$PS-1


M43\:7+RT@XAZ2KQS6'#(F8TU-9JN*IARQO*:5`L51UQ7'HUCC]G53T(?CN&U
M*CG(5&D$AE3K*W&65-A$J[.)Q=\)7#CHDN9FVM^!P-5=2[).3YNS*E6CMA51



T/.)70



=)=-(N+

MT(:@0````````````````````````````````````````````!L`````````
M``````````#3;Y`V^0:@`#8I!&6PW@`^0HA$6Q&HB_\`96I/I_Q3+Y/C^+TW

\.

M4VZ1%\%PC\Q)8`!;1XQ.61A.J7#M
X;XDNSPK#/8.
X_1/T2BE2:*)A\JLET
M#1

S)@UN8KK[C-CON;35]@E

\ID57@JY;$1



M3I^EK*NQJ=+)^38E1S*U$J3217J?&ZXZB)-;ESWKR
CJCO+L7&;-!=:6U#()

M+M1N(

M8+-OTRV)R[F$JALB;\4S3&S`4S:Q(S#*U37(3IO2&36W9KYU^)67!MQB:6\9
MV&19!83GUDC'M5ZZO(T
RK#PK4/(X[R6^EKOLJQ5LKJL):%;Y3C$JQ49O*0)
MQN`9G5Y'35604D]FTI;VN@V]191G.\C3ZNRBM3:^:PY_;LRHC[4AM7ENETO(
MO0!!5YA'



0G'77YJ8\9]EQAQU(G9])?J9C3I+

_'\0-+7LM[*[OJ.'49

@X22TBR[5!R'K;:Z7N

19V3MA:/.V
M#B/%+3&3'B)4PTPX;SBB\CXLNRE:!ZNZIY;JA<Y=JA22,VN9&0W=%CUECK=?
M[9FF2[&3E6F.VDV









M//TI6?Y3K_+^


M.E649M/;2Z?2TX].N';V`1HZB/Q!08[)&DW%(2GR`9*PYC9=6ZOW*34K8C/9



8[`RFR:NLF




MLC


MHZ5Y]F^74L*5O^U\ZUJ.!7-=1[&:\=Q&PMS83L?4:$5*=R(BZ5&GI*6ER%N5
MGJ3PMX!E6/:D:B1LVLLGR&'=1:RIEW
RAQAN-`5%D)@2KPF)4B7;N.D[9+:@

RH;
MST=S91'W;BO
07]#=8


M[?G

MRI#MD;!J.OJY;NR3H[U7['EPFY#9NSZB1JC@[#KBU'48WE==.K&B49GT1SRW





M$;-Z3
G393C4:)%CM)4Z^^^XAMIM*EK



O$+Z+128DFX;R2IF)L(+
MT^#)K[9-92]Y+890?MBL7%(XJEP5ID.
SDFFB[@^[)7PNZ=K8L
RAY%K!=-+
M[WKS*:5?CC;A*+NNYQC'U0V'FTI+X;-Q/N&5FI74V2%$TF25I?I!BV$T\3'L


;:&JMVT
M@M5YI\

ES#/WJB53+RO*IT9*8

M2T59'BP*Y
U##;*WWUV
]$8E1D3$M/R.]OV``X$

C\C\O

M[.*EIJY?W-K`N


M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````!N.HL[1J.R\ZZZAEMEM;CKKJTM-M-MI[QQQ;KAI;;;
M;:)3CCBU)2VA*EJ
DH5MLNKJ+!BR)LN3'BPXC#TF7*DO


MF[^^;)#MLZWX2)W54RE
GGY#G(:QSA;QM&5Y8W7Y%KCD

MH4:R@O.RI;JEP#E;/%NA9%ZFE1?%[C&*


MU%ZPZ





MP2R0;CCKJ@W\P7CQPKA\TRRC47
;&N813U-A(HJ638L0[#+;]ADRK
;I&5J.


M6*JR(Y3\M=_7U/AI!7%K/8\
3
MQS=EMMSO6VC)9H


ME-FV-H3
295)V*
R_9OU;

B;K+K%CV`8O

M`VOG;3LZ7E=HC3#1[$VL




@8QI'#TXAY66)':OT
-I+.
M12(
6Y:QV!#LLZCY!=S8U5/B277(%;+2F(LY4A;24N=W3=JWVF/C)R_3JRDW









]M_PF7Y,_Q$?ST3R3^

B-.Q]5DDT]23






$G]MY@FRS5]:T*ZDNJ3E$^SB$Z2

X]C


LBRS%[+!7KA-998L]6]Y(K;\H!VE?*C6T.=%ZENUD-Z+-
M::1(CFEYM92&7N[11YHUV2_@ZQ8V7;;&



L-)Z&V&4)99;26^Q-LM=+:$^9^



X
M;


2
MSA6K-EE^;SKW-JM#
E+A/8OB]!+DUM#-;2SWL5B3
HDQG.[6N



MUY=!*)*E1JR/'0ZX9*

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````


ZQ:R8O@6-76



MQK_
IYKNLW
%U



S/SW'(``````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````



M4/6/1S
\=U'NIF52]


[?R;+:_$J&UM\LR%^4AC
MKQ:H:C.37HE$^\WWD]F-'=L9C*DPI-BW7JEM2\C?V;OE8Y)PQZ
V4?/?#M:@


=0/


M9%LDC4HDD:C(C49$6Y^0JC[)OJ#$M.#3%JYEF2V[BV9ZAT



1[$KR,R/?:J;LT?+0U*U;U[1Q6:FUUK7XO2W5SF-5;6,655+SW/,
M@.:XF53-$EHY%#3NV<BUG36C;KI$@J^IAJGLILFX=VWM7W*)S362DQ;6;32O
M=R_TVQ^UILHQ2$W+DW=SB3D[VO%L



M*S8\2U!/52AK(D.'-5&M[M&48

MME#EZOE@\JK5+2/AFM=3[:\AUA:IU%5FV94#K\\KV;0//(7BU7:(=K5
JD^'


93G&+WF6:=8MDN
66=UE
CI5*H?
M:+!NUCDU]LX
-=LEEV''1

M


XPZA
MAME


MIG75^4R$R$JJ:N1[)EN3R-+)$VBDRE;#EBXIYPV2C*B2'5K)26VW4D2SEZ\E

M^\)G3J_+4?%5LQN[

MV]/?V'M*Z_+JC(6;IS(


@.
M57R)9H


M0L]G80VE



.2[PG7F
MYSN';2%)J(]UU^#TU.L]_
S[RG8@+ZC/S-9*ZS/S
]P'F'*QYU6E?%M&RE6G






\2C;?J21?*

MBV


]C_`!&0
MQJ:N2#S3

MN;ME))Y!7#WQLX

M^



:V9)I/
M



M?EV/U.2T];[5=G

MQ=Z/ZZY/IIIEHQ4NXG4



J*3PGTDJURB3E)1

FV

A?0\4W^_3[_[8O=_'^OO%/W%%Q(XWI/I[F&I652R


U&DYO<H3&-YQPG6:QZG@1HBG%+[Y;7MDNN*ZG%*ZUJZ#C

M8_$L<AAN
MHVZ'(N07'MZCNI
B43C

\F#


MK5:O8Q*SQ7*)]B4]IJYKKB=82W*N*IQ_VG&KJ:/
:J*)XI93XL2M@R6UQ74-





BM8B`+8:@``````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````/BFPT/(-TH6DS2:D+22T*Z5DHB4DR
E%Y'Y&1D1GU%LHB

W'#:
_(
MNZ(M][LI)V_7\0W``T

MDIQEIPR21F9)(UH49)(S




D[_N?+U&0#%$
M_




MHUO+@J*-86.-HF8'ET3I-)*=GXI?(DU4R:1DYU







NG]R:@O9;#3I'QQK)AYIMYEUMUEY*5M/-K2MIUR)25M.H,T.(4
MDR-*D*-)D?J/K0X2O0R/8]OP_K_H`;MB^(20U`!L[M/KL7XB_+ZC7H(;@`;
M#01_'^`S+^
MC_7XQM)HB]ZO^6H_RF9#E`!MZ2VV_P`NY_C/\OJ-.@O^_8_\

FB+]]^%2C_`(C
R&XTD?N&
MX`%//%)Q#XUI/I[F6H^6.DQC^%X]99!9F703K[4%A2F8$;J\ES;.4;%;!:
_

M@7=.^_*BHEL(D
2V31*A/Q9L21&EQH\N++B26)




MQJ1PVXSGE3FVBVJEZJ3I?D];.5*KFLBCQ53L8BN//M





@J)Y5C+S$=^:PQD%-4JF
M1WI

PN/@!&```````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````


M(M;:S8D);2B0V1.)W0I)G^?_`*[6X-_OIS3_`)N[X!)K&FXC*_UVMP;_`'TY

O
MH0ZVVZA*R2XA*R-)?NP`````````````````````````````````````:;AN






TU1SMQ.D9[]N-XIPWK*YF-(W
M]FT%1'0[8WEDK^UBUT=TVRW=E+CL(6Z@*MW'226_F?Q$DMS/Y(O?^0MS/R(







-++42=




,)8NJY72M
M1=<PCJ21GL?F8BW<878SM'\D\5/T;SC)M

M

UY]

7LDTMIQK40OJ(M^_41*1&



!^K


PR`W#27[EM^KQZ1#


M'EM:24AS/LL0M)[[*0Y3X^E:#V
CZ5)4:3V
CV/R



M\#R.WO93MM=UEJBP:LH=;%2Q'3`AQU





V6KOILV5)7WLEPR


S^(

S6'/W+\-YJ4R?D2O\`;HYN


M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

M;W*_`E1_D(P'

]BV

MBE-[D?GZ$OR]W[CW_K\1^I$+-.:=H=X
*`EG/U^PZ0:-]RHX^0Y*9[;^2#Q^

7KL%D+LDO!7I!JMBNN<S4W2_`=0)=1G5!$JI.8XK3Y$_6QI-5</R(\
M%VTB25QF7WFT.NM-&A#CB26HC4E)E+\^L[\*/_!NT/\`^;+$/^RACY.0%SU]
M-N$G&M4ZS


)OKTG99K056_E\$U)BT]O[_`%3U^GF1[@)/

MV1#F/67BHJ9]=!CR$QY!
MD^T3A(=)*262NE.U&MYVWRS/;V;PZUR=R61'.U
M/D*Z3ZC)HS3'Q%)F24_NR




M*9PZ4ZF]MG#C:G2TK/8O(T$[B!D1=7GLHS/;RWW\P&0J(]QJ(*.
=MWPM1I]

M=
2MB6\S6XA;1VSV3U%U




)9)4@C6A1$HG$&2VS(_0

R(_B/R/\1['[C]WY2'/N``--QKN``--QJ``

M+P

MK2Z;9FL@EM&TGXB_Y*!^!U)U

M.FN

B$&KC9[9I#ZY-%P[::2;&8X:HT3
=1B6PRN0XHF




I3LB#%CSB

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````HGYA_P!I




$A-;K=A=K



J$O&K5EC;X
M*5/JGO%^Z4XYZ&$U^NO(DR.S+B2&9420V3K$J

K0HO12
M%J(_=ZD/N3)0?H9&1;[F7H7SGZ%^/S&-&G]G-Y@V@CKL[1+43VQ%C*5(9:TV
MU-ML.FO%TF:U/T&1KH*YYSH0DEL(E35NJ

_D;YR_-`T`4W'U.PC(+



DPJ38L

XI`




DMY#E];;-I2:3VW79=22(E)4D]E`
EZ4E

M

RHX





E=)*

7FU+^SRXE#BE8]L1FDT



RFNJ/X


M/2A)^S8

M*HH+RB(VLAUEK

U&







YWD#UO#Q&BM
M

M62:XR^/NU5T^*ICYF32G?S

MKB!+9F15R
BL#4TY'0]W11V_$?8C6J\:?:..-HR

3<XK0W=3S.L6208)+0H
MW8.,ZU0WF&TDHW%OLM9/:):Z$F2GW'&5D1F9*2K90_4X'VOCB=T[F-5.L6CV
M)W3[1_969E3E&F61.H3\!1N%).RKTN=6ZE&BB0@OW*6T&1[Y(XHB\R21'\9

)5;DU!2Y'7+



K







S'6^D^KQ&
Y*N@@S%*1LA45MVP-T]VTMNH^&OG
MINT+\P?ATEHK==-/W;Z%'5W#KFIVG5CBTV0WU%T'`RS&6*:KF*^R$A$MQBU;



MT-_SF`3A0$#_`%1U[YR^%XSD68Y)C&`0
=Q.BM\FOYR4Z+3%0J6BKY%I:2RB

M3



*J/TV



M!/8
E);7\*!'7*G2H\*
V6[DB8\U$807QK=D+:;07_&40HIU1YGW#IA1*^JK

M:/;$3I767Q:N



M^YF9-J#
L%'OZ=[74^.UVVWO)NR/YR]13;([49QVZB&:=.-)\=89?(D1U8EI
M=FF7RB6?DDT29ME:17#W



MAD
MKCBH
]S21G\OG^'S]_R_]PY4-DGT+;W@
;;3=C@XE
E4F1GFLVG3#IJ)2O\`
5<0TIY6_V6+CV
MG$6.6WO[N=:95(
P#'5
M]E)Y<NB.M&,:SV.J.FN-YS,QK-*MHG;]J7(]G09-7;O2([3;4QAA2'766W%
M]\VZ?6DE)/=*2$T;#^47PNT1D=;P\:



M(V&?XE91_P#'7%!W
8U#YF_$[IN_I?G_``L0JO'W[FIO%2L2Q:V@VY3*=3ZX

GY8.AF%V'#5P\S)V)8Q
EOZ'Z4./
MRI6.TLB0\XK!J-2G'7WH*W7'%J
U+6M:EK6:EJ
U*

M*'3W=1(P?&'DN&9]1FXERK42S-7PMU;^?GZC\IP`:8W6$Z%:
8;DD0H&0XGI
M3I[C=[!)YJ04*WI

C/
F\RM;3AH-3:UH
E'5T`M[Y?R
MG^&.\W]I\/6B\A2]TK=+3;$HSYI-)E_M\2K8?\MSV(GZ=]T['YBF?+.SX\&
M]TE:9?#_`(/')S?=5.=S0N)-1J/=J:WADG;J^24[$1$1;$E*2O0``C-9QV
M2S@TM^LX.(YCCE;_H]0;YSI,]_-

MCSEM+^PR=8+Z/#5LE3=KAFJJ)4_$U(D9%9/I/8CW[HS5OZ[F8T1VA_F0:9

MZ7W


M^&NGD8KDS39^6^QO6F.O+(C
]C[M)]);])'\$2T]1N%O37

M+/(
N&`RU?VOC\?R



MC;[K%8UPHG#47225FWY^ID7F(HN%]B&R)Q;:LBX@Z2
C?[




L3E55-)MUOMUR;%
F'/C-3
MI##4E^/&DN0BBN24

.Q]
Y

MKP_(8=TWTTQ^!=
H22LNMTKR/

M)25S8E-^?FCS]?
C

_MAZ5^[U\_/Y_
3


?P:D]H29S=#%2RS)=
N]::2EZ.VIU1SZ6BV+\*C_&HS_R@.0`````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`!1/S#_M
:@?P*S_`G7BM@43\P_[3&H'\L_P`IUX#X.6Q]I/!?[EN/YR7`
MKG%#'+8^TG@O]RW'\Y+@5S@```````````````````````````````TV&H`-

MMC'U``HZUOY?6B&I3;J
]TETZRQ;


I3ZI0S!;3OY&73Y1B`#'%\YSLN^EW#]H=G
M.M&#:BYY+7AYXZIO&LHBX_9QYJ+_`VCQM396U;$I9




SVV/?K\O1)&+BO/
C
M[+
_]QVG-$1][M^Z-ZIA)Z4^XE?`9\]^D9*LVDGZEOM\?G^7\OK\HT[A'[U/


M;F

M:CLH-$A2_



M:N.[Z'L;6-4U0^DO7]Q+)1$?[K?S%Q_2WL^'!OAY
^R]!

FN
J2M+V3^ULP

MYO(:[``!L`````````````````T-)?J9C4`&WI+Y?QG_`$ATE\OXS_I&X`&W

S_`C4````````-@``&Q2

MDIAJ3%=0?]H[&?)QAQ/R+;

M*OJ6J/1ZB4T:]BEU=9H;3D6/%638K2-VT(6[0SW2)*G%.*7LD3O1MZ2_4B_H
M`8RKZWWS4N%3=[3G(

M_P!T:E)









MEKZ4I2DBW




;+.
M)_/M2M+

MENM.G(VG;J#
*=23]-C^8?


OVJ-K\+BD%\HM^:E]MDT=

6:=

MG.Q3

MF;KC2DJ:=O:+ZJGD*3Z*)[*'[=SK(_/J(T[GYD7D`B!Z@]M?U.LG#CX/H3A=

MK6N3
W-B1A&A%I9-I;
_@DBPR6'D$57D9?#-?HDU;D1&
B]IWH'A&))0G&
.
NS<UQ72]AI*O

M*6DR

BK:Z

O[99^GJHS_P`OZ_&.5+9%[B_`6PW@
M`TV#8:@`TV&H````````````!L``.+N$?O$_B(.X1^\3_P`DOZ!R@`XNX1^\

M`--AKL``--@V&H`--AJ``--@V&H`--B^(-B^(:@`TV&H````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````


M:#-)D8#]F`TW&SO4_OB_&`Y`&PG$G[R&[J+]?U_7\0#4!L[Q/QE^
ANW(!J`


M`````%#_`#$.JIXA]'LUT=OK2QHZO,H=:RJWJV6'YE;,I[JMRMEMQY*D
R
/ZRTH/\`A)Z@_P*<#_.</ZRTH/^$GJ#

MZ=C]@U:5T9ZP.YL7X\



M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

A)&1%L1[;[&HO3\/I\GO]XH`XF^
M57P[:P$\O4/1W!
BFR.OO;@Z1FJR`^\))+46141U=Z2MFT$2BL-RV+S(MR%P

M

M+
C

MJ.Z:
Q+2LT$9NG07MMT51-1]4-#93*R-)2+/
M3_*69']K]D-G'\FAQU$KKWZ6E9?21;*<<
]RGO%$26Y%Y)]#26Q)/?UW(MB
M5\7PBV

S593
4J6+CX6^_3=5\:%;(WW

MF
JV_M'H[:R]Z185UY[(APEY3XA[&HF=Z;RG.I318QE;EG7MN*42MSKLNC7Y

M]B2C(]C4^FJ9
CV
F_+S#(-)=(RW+T]=]CV
OC(]MC+XC(S(R&Q3J%%^Z2?S

&*^E)[(2=%EDC'([ZMM



B-M/4?P=T^H









S21$7SF

MX^%KLW7

O+K+W!
MD6\XX@L$QAM3V29IB6/LHWZW;S):2I;3MZ]2Y\Z.E.WOW
MA07J;SM^$S$UN
+_BLXVFU<<WVV^`2M_0MQ#WPWL3.HDUU#N6Z\X=`

M;B:&CQG%FW2(SW3TS$Y.^VE7GML]U$7O
P%QC4?M8?!E1.+17YQE.6J:WZDX
MU@.1;+
O(R;?R&/0

M
Q7%XSI%YI4A;$W(Y4G_PW%2I/N2?OKCTY[)%P;TIH598UF^7&C8]\BSVW





]S]_SCDV^0!C
MZM

Z?R):^L_





M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````#



M(:F8TKL-5(ZIWU/M:?3-1(RSK74V9TS6+N90RHZN;X9U$XH/1UUTOPSA2#.
M^;2N\46+9THYY7

RX2+'
[S`\/Q


VH2;.QR*1*[I!$1I2])=.0\7FI

9^NNIN'.3



UQEFNE.H
MU/P6+JT

MSDN!7.*&.6N?^PG@G]R7'\X[@5S@````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````




MQCQ^Y[/?P:3B

V;9Z*L2-UFOKDYKJ`ZX6Y$722BR5!$@MMR+I]3
]_/R[Z'V:



0HS0JEQ;&JA2-NA59C

9NFN_C0N^EQ&UM2%2.I

C:E2LBFY/&HK*76629T2\QUV))K*VGDNG8/625N&@D*;F
M2'C2NNCDAZ%\(4_25_.^&K`D0,9S*RMJ^^7E[[S



M4[$9&+
1F


/T3OLFI
M-%YMA-H[VJ!8Y'IKJO6X;6Y#62N]1X6QJK[(,:M6I+*V?0_#?.
I[IA63J
M5N+
*
L8PS3+<=:7&R

:R-IM+IMUULY7Q'&KB
R


MFTN-6-_E]+-K&4QC/O7$.QL:M5.OM[M
*8;)PR5*8%*!\A/F1SL:AZ33:J^_
M8S9MTN


M*3J.$K2KZE?:4;(LWR2P.^SW*(S#C
6QLDMKBU=94-R$E+9HZ&N/PT1
M:GI

AE-LX3

=Q:.[=/X*'V_
B\]C42K]8HGYA_P!IC4#^!6?Y3KP'7\M8

R+I/]#I;IC18;CM'BF-542EQ['*J#24E3!2I
2MJZUA$6#!BI6MUQ+$6

B/

M*YP`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M!1/S#_M



M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````HGYA_VF-0/X%9_E.O%;`HGYA_VF-0/X%9_E.O`?!RV/





MR7`KG`````````````````````````````````````````````!IN-0`````
M````````````````````````````````````````!IN`U```````````````
M````````````````````````````````!IN-0```````````````````````
M``````````````````````!IN`U`````````````````````````````````
M````````````-P``W```````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````````````````!IN`U`````
M``````````````````````````````````````````!IN-0`````````````
M````````````````````````````````!H1@-0``````````````````````
M`````````````````````````-P`````````````````````````````````





MZRK$LWT$R*T*Q1ITSRK!%2Y56

MJOZTQ4P&(\K_`(GM

95IAE..JIU./*BJI6\0GP&ZXS)XG^Y




IQ'[R\G^FX_P#IH]6`LJ?7J<1^\O)
U'JYCM/35=%;5#M9<N63CUG)K76G&UUDR#W2$PGW7<ZI*7-U$2.[2HDF:S


IQ'[R\G^FX_\`IH]6`LJ?7J<1^\O
M)_IN/_IH?7J<1^\O)_IN/_IH]6`LJ?7J<1^\O)_IN/_`*:'UZG$?O+R?Z;C
IQ'[R\G^FX_\`IH]6`LJ?7J<1^\O)_IN
M/_IH?7J<1^\O)_IN/_IH]6+97&?Q2Y9@^H&EN.4+E:BMRVP;C6Y3*_Q<@VU





3_3<
3_`$W'_P!-#Z]3B/WEY/\`3<?_



3_`$W'_P!-#Z]3B/WEY/\`



M9D0MG\OCBBRS4B?J)'R9RM6WC-O#A595\#P*B8D2[UE?B3\0^4A?16LD2B)O








M\O)_IN/_`*:`O5CP[B6SRPQ?`

MLEI+K1UIZBW+J+U%L7Z]3B/WEY/]-Q_]-'DFO7-DQ?+L+RC%XV*9%$D7]%95
M+$J1
HU1X[LZ

MUVDNPNXSIP(IPHW=5]I)AQ^E@W7^DR::+K/O%=:C-7D6Q%6.(V?!]S+L=TTP

M-E92)K:4HER6GB4VAY*%]2=C4DS29D9;50_7



M\O)_IN/_`*:`O5@+*GUZG$?O+R?Z;C_Z:'UZG$?O+R?Z;C_Z:`O5@+*GUZG$





H2;=7!@L15N-DY
2LD+4T:DDLB5L?PB(_(


M7JP%E3Z]3B/WEY/]-Q_]-#Z]3B/WEY/]-Q_]-`7JP%E3Z]3B/WEY/]-Q_P#3



ME3Z]3B/WEY/]-Q_]-#Z]3B/WEY/]-Q_]-`7JP%E3Z]3B/WEY/]-Q_P#30^O4

8/Q199IQ8:<Q\9<K4-Y-;
MSH=H5A7^-
=3B/G_K+RCU/_`.3<?]Y[_=HW?7J<

M\O)_IN/_`*:`O5@+*GUZG$?O+R?Z;C_Z:'UZG$?O+R?Z;C_Z:`O5@+*GUZG$


MIN/_`*:`O5@+*GUZG$?O+R?Z;C_Z:'UZG$?O+R?Z;C_Z:`O5@+*GUZG$?O+R

IQ'[R\G^FX_\`IH?7J<1^\O)_IN/_`*:`O5@+*GUZG$?O+R?Z;C_Z




IQ'[R\G^FX_^
IQ'[R\G^FX_^F@+U




MC`59'DZX#ED5]:5Y'70_`Q_#1&X2F2-COG_LA&^YU+Z_A$:2Z2V\Z[A;6Y5&




_VVS4H3'9*#:7LMN5DR

M


1XU?253DHRDNUE-#B-RG&8:[
M)ZP=AQG$5J\7/)@NN&W.G.H]%&O\6NV=GXSIFS

M5WT*PB]+K*NIM9/17I45\(F/$!VAG0&[X$+2BK\O@O:KY1HVWI@_IZ4;(46]








MA/CNI\

MM[;'IEC&[FP0MF5:09TLI



FFPP\\42*3LCNFG%]WTH49



7EFY01JAOO$NRK-UFTFST.J*L15Q

3K



*6N*35G67F0\5#U=A

DW;Y)8FRY)L+68U6PVGU%45[=SSB
M-X.+7EE8GC^J.G.N$ZPR?DE=#S#'JJMEQ:!&03HSB82+_&[AR7'R.EFLP'
838U9
RV)K625TDU'I\QQ?'LM
MQZ8BQH
:3$-3F9<)FH
M'



&3:
M7-S:R&X==65T)I3LJ9
E/&EMEEI!?5OU+-26FB6XXA@@.Y9VJOBLTOR;)T

E=917M3FN%7-#6F[W42LDY%*A3*ZY6RDX_79.5+)RY#CBF2R
M\RVW[_P/=KSR35;6O

8=S.6VF':M1E0JV)/I







MI7
EC



U+(B`=\`^&#9
26VWH[J




]9$MI3

9=*R+3Z5B&08=9L1IE
ME41[&3@EM$LE.O5T:KMK!QU]G(($=!)NJ=]QU1

M
#4T#%L-Q:O4B,PA:$I)*[Z=:VT]XR<EV
Q


1_D
@'
```````

MR?0Q!KH


M?K^(8U#M67

QI



2I%17
M0)?02*RK)4]QJ'L];I9L'WH
&:](=3TJ]?(O0B
S/S+R(B(S



M3!G/

]PG%
TC4]]C\?*J&LO6*7**Y=3




;?8N]DHW
O(8F+
T%8F$\7?

M[&1I
C29*\R-)EY*2HC)25$?PDF2O0Q]0_/4-6U7Q8T-LU&U%C

MK*&6S49%NIPVT$IPR3^Z5MZ#=1936VC2WZV?L66Y,F&MZ!*8F,HEPGEQYD5
M;L9;K:),20VMB2PI1.L/(4TZER-(#OP````````````````````````````




;IF



M@W7-BN
QN&TH9;CUT=M-9DP^7+RZ=.N&C3JMT\T^KE-M-=$S(
BF-M^WLMON
MZ2U(NKV2A/2XZLMVX
)L_!5
#NH


MV^M)I4H)$W'_`
)*M:](
WTRCY5D&%2LIJ'(D/)



GAZ
MR=I!)W)4?4*IDKZOB-MS&(R4IV\^KO#/_P!C;S%'_'+VRC(
SPNYQ3272QS`

Q=3:B).:5'ENT=1JX$1%IX=QTHEA.G268CQMRKW76T`+O





/=9'N6QD9D9?-M\A&7Q['^0QS@`````````



-
M*62WDKBRKF^7='8[EZ_\9G
=D_4+HUC;.A7#-!-%+)5`=?I
2130W$
IKKO



W)TXK.*_
OCJ::=1;V#2\C<
M4PF3(@N.K18'.9T;U]T^RA*JS#=0,5S235QFDS?8F6TF2V+:&B1&\59^RILE
MYW7$[OR'6VTJ?4L_@FKI*CGF\<N:-Q.:)9-IE[9D4%R\IB[Q:U;E3F(+.35


;Q:
Y(O
#F\2W#UA^I5W&CQ
J)VPQC
6X;
M9

-J.[F``````````````

MA^`4UDUJ%J+`L/9.;S*QWZF\2K(KI1I\V!)D-^!N
Q;-:%5U41N
T[3C-W:H

L=195]NU6W$=3K;%E6R$OQ)D9YIQF5


M)]VJ49IW
E*W3L`K$[0]R'=0.*3(-/
ITYS3PDRK?8QO(L9RZ]L48=5TCSK[

M





XG3R9V66MI.;3$1D^26
[(





Z=Q'=I6J1$DY+*)

]B-'D-RG9#DI#$\RJKROBVM-95]O
M53F^_@V=7-B6%?-8W

A%!YR_9FI7$WK/4:F8W




MC'
``````````````````````````````````/@F/J06Y%OMN9_`4L_+XDH(
MU*/T

MS[+
7KC<U&]7E(C+<4JP.#+3&OU+L]

M
)(Q'?Y@W:;^'CA_RRP<SR34;-Z22Y!NJ7#8<8H%).8-
M1/P+;(;E^#7HGQE$2)

1E^+YC\_C'T#\K
MD.4U])`EV=O/A5M;7QG9EC9V$N/`@08C*36_+F2Y2VH\:.TA/6Z^^XAMM.YJ
M41;#I]
-5





M5O/].&\6IZ:#-R7*G



ML9LFK*!B
N

M::0MM$L2HM0M(ZC)
5N


M&7O+;R]XQNVNG8W-1
6Q;/\`

MUS8[-1ELR`R2U1V*F76-V?0CVPAETY


5N-9R5+E2Z^P:CRG'7*Y+[P3'P`
M````````````````````````````````:&8U`!;4YK?


M?KG(M965%7&?.&JWM.\8KG\BLVFW$4&.M23[0M9!'LI3$(ER?/B-JQPG!-




)O&,P8C*)N5269.&3+KZ'6JFT1



J9



YG)C-
M


0KFK]JDRSB!P.



ME
B
ABYU!R$F+/

M



MEML+4DCZ$/&VM6WD2O
QZZ2B/T_R?Y!BK..3EJZV\L[*].-7=.]7(M]&N;5Z
MJ1:UE5
QOKMX

MPM;-'=.M5H$

MJ4:2KP`````````````````````````````````&AF-1H8$-VI+G@YCIA(



S;E
M8]CTIL_9I&U;V[2IRHL2'
YU]X--
=3K7#KW/L*H
JMM/KOZHL.FV\%
EZEM


B2XVZD@NTM14
MI(]NK?IVW-1F9_+N?J9GYFH]S
_
SWW
X77.Q[-?J3Q%Z_56H6&ZB
Q\8R2N
M6SE;6=6EG;-X%*J8[+

@[
M;Q@K4A:*G0++YT1)F27[#.*.L?


92]O
.YM1*-XLUHENM..P5.S)


NGTZ


AUF/$IH[P


4PU+2X[2^Y*PJ7&EL&'@&M/-RXON


6Q.+8M-J87(P[%


MJW#Q'%\P;]OK@Y#4W&97D3

ME2B
=D

S5?A=XK9W!=J9=*O\0L


M```````````````````'X?4K

5L1V8


M


UQQV18)KF&Y$VE



M$A


M_-[C\CV

M%[Q=@Y:^U*J*R]+@RY\&
FV-GN4M53RD*7?Z[+!S5



QGBNP?'2N\$R?++7+
MZV=)8D+HXUMEL.9#S;!




MF6K:
1HV9:Z5MYR958+6SI-?IQI_0D^DF[O*IO03$Z2PDT)?RS9DVME-)4&
MBKV4N1ZUKV'F6\BK43@1Q;3O77&-:F+*_:SMI%R

M:NUG+NJLVZJ?$G^-CUCAMJ8;D0'XLR0TR&58:=)9$:3W(]_D]#V/^



\0.GMSIOJ33E:4=HCOHLE@VV;

]B37R9
9P+0O`GP:\`'$CI]6ZE

C;ZXMA%4U90'GX4A
MMT[B]Q7\-'3A=EE2JG3/13%([:69MA6TM30O6KA&2VJ]@J^+[9R&P=-)&Q6
M1?:$QPRW0SY*6B'O/UQCE21;G3KJ3*-9.(W5EJ-*8RWJ;?']

V
F/

MCQVA=-



/I\.QZ+



M5&PP?%IVHE-4JHZK
Y=1#D9%759OJD)BQ+%UM3K'=.N/=Q(;Z949N1*9C/-


2K?&:9IG'HLEG8K^2WUA#H*$YC230IZ
M''M+*-.G-DM!NQ8KR6DU[E1OR%N;'D'%EI389)DN(/8[D6'6\7%[ZY@J).*
M95:G7(GNS




M926H
W*Z1)4D]_J\-!R.GFQ;W'9$LT$;I0?;-;#:L#:2MQ

R)D!&60K@XZ)&4.V*I5D4N(ZS80H#[M-I<X0^2UQ=<3/$C



_.KW)E-


Y]6Y(F1'8DI`9.XC&HV-GY%^



H*:.Q.$M_

Y%%'4VI#)V;3ZU2$U:
M`GQ55[$G

M4:?
=P
=OV9GC[U'TAU^N^_4NP595KC


M7U

=9J21G[_`#VWW]Y_(7NV_&`YP```

8H


U5DI=!%G'')AS)*K$TU2'L7-_$QJZ9;.UTP


TU^AY+GC\.G2.F+2W
SJ-

P$*R[#X^

M0E/%(F4
AQ2F0GEOV&.3'A37'XSD*QFS)


MN(





:E5
M\1+$V%C
N$TX9LOT6/NO1+C4FX;;]
AO'V

F`1G`5
7Y;/*!T0X7Z
M5



W

S4L_




M(Z_'%.?9CR6`&3\:=)9;EYEY_P`1[?K^I%RBSMR+^/.YXBN&W!=0LF[M67(7

+

MEXOB*+^+
KL
JYDC*


@D0*/$]+:NIO8\22_E!2ZQ2(
M

MD6#





M:JO&
6HZRMN
GF
-$3;%)C5

/'5WFF\8
M?
&R&RTSX7L3M]




MBTE:T2NAO%


MZR993-0;U5WDZZ2`U6/.1YJ8U;@45]^64$I1-NL9!E3

F7'5*
GS&(
M3%#;$:K%:9\I]VFG$[`KH+M8]%376`*.]U+Y5?%K`Q9W+E97IIDC=%;7T5E*
MX%?F.GES/F5B[291JD2VJG






.7;U4JJJYY*)V-)M)\BXFLD4INL





M=FNTMG_


N*P129?6G`DRJJ6[$LH
A#B'X%











M-I2U428_50T5S$WN9:93#$M'3S0;`\




SO[.2ZTXN
M




M



\V2YDT5AR5(PS(8+^/94F(RDE/2XU;./NK6+'


9H:&#X6'






ZUC




OO5DF2F
^:=S[B3
MW+WD9=&Y#VLC&*?XSN&#4OE;:[:?95IKJ2K)ZG)JZ3;
-O0U41Y!54L^)&R+


M'!9D&1R&8=[5Q;6



SQ
3=








9R;:W-Q/CUE96PV_-R7/G2W&HT9


:SK6?(D:(\.$-3


K\:N



GG/
M8)3
2II3LV'2DHT]<=#[VW1,J4G<C\A%@[05V?2
MJXC*J9J?IC#@T^N%/#(W62-F'7ZEU\-O9FGN'5$VQ'R6.RDF*_?
DO()NFN


MI:Z%PU5616P/A4TCJ7F;C&--M.*J2\2)3-I1X9BD)]U+I)=1(:G5]:VMU+B5



M^/:

IRTDX'CJGWI





M066WI;=5'=4GQ]V^RU35R3ZYTYA!$HZN:^:B0TV^TMMQIU76W&EDZVXVLB4
MVXVXDS0XVM!I6AQ!FE:3)23-)D9XZS&N3=BV-IXE.9WK&\NTO9*)
/3MR^G

M6EV&9


5;)09
UAY!J+8O(_(RW\
MRW(R


B)!F.2HD)












MUK/WD(XG#[IIPM\K?2%2\TRZ))SK)X[$O(+5J(W+SW42PBI5W59BF
M.JE0L


6\RHEKPC#F'5K96;
UJS8

6:

M``````````````````````````T

M7)/C'*AFX[@[%NM7+



WM&\XEBPC)2
&75?&,?U+T]P+23(*.]AM3JC(:_`L1[_`&1\%V*\HZ<IE=95[Q+B
MSZ^1W4ROE-N,/--J3YV(NUJ<?^2:+Z/89I?I_+=QR;J[*ROM;.H/P
BOPG&



D265H43K2%$HDW0^&


M]J#8Z69`VYTMMW
93$AW%;:9%87X5C(\?L7(K
N4P@C;WN8+9(BRC:2&4`W`
M?/&WZW^(M_U\OF]]/C'T;@```````````````````````````````VK3N6

M(2E##TAQI*4VE)(6HCLT\_?BAK.$+A5E4^C='3X%:9K=,:?XBSB59H8F-^
MU:^;


M


;R
\2FYE766
M+#D6CK7TK8L;6-)L9R7(T*(W-OZ\_OGL47#+BLK!\)FQ;C73)JY154$EM2V

4KY$Y/D);LY32:J.29D/#1+M$/%%P]Z2Q^&N%B%

MMXXMC



M$L6J&^N?=WDU$*&R9D?=L-FO=R5+?

M%JBC:2Z*551J%FF-P8V.4V(8BZF/@.%HAH.'%K[B\K^]*5)@K025T&/'
LGG






IF8Z

MNM)IW






M```````!\TJ*VZA2'$)6E1*)25))25)4DT*2:5;I4E23-*DJ(TJ29I41I
R%

MDG78[.7

P
FL
M*R-/DX==8K



5KK?6M%;4RI&2322MIFPE*<\$82X-=N<EPZ:=ZH8[H]DNI]'SG()QU

MC\R
C(R


MTTX$C4!P

M```````:&6XZ^?7


3\GR#4!^148YD+=03F#5-^I2T
5K]1CI%


MOMJP=J3R*1
\'A6(R^E!P/JI7`[ZZ6];+6I%7%88@P9CC+S#UW$F*BQ9073N




89'C3MS<62
M:RMGVYS;[',BQ1FMFHO*.W-#,F952D3FF+&)-:=3'D=#!O2(5GX5C(5\M?BB
MDZTZ$:5:HSHK4*QS/#*JUMHT<C3&:NDH5N4Q$'\)$




9V

1A.W4W&



M4


M3A?
=X==`=8\_FV.(:JNX53-SLOHVTN-6
2):R8V4UD^C==;@J@V\R+:6=
]

7Q

TP/&*[%ZC


G%.P


Z]RQ*W*7`*

%3

M[!:R-SQI%933^I[(K%MXS4=[DR'C6ZE+\6HKWB)TY2ZH;3ENI0E*W%$IQ
M1)21N*)!-)6XI)$MPT-)2AEJ4I#:20@R21)$%OG*]J(ULT=U.R;2;-(*S


K4RXPM!M+94;1I



*9'=2U+KK*(I:43*VPCQI
EIZ*JQV7D]]CDFJ;7C^08

O)FON)7!
M:#
]-XZ9FJ.FS5DW$HE.MQU9CBMDMJ58T45]]QJ
W=0)D=%G1ID.M
2C=L:[
MK3(F1%(ZWF?9ICQ

M[/GM&V?AV7Y


M[F)?D5]#DF05RG9-K+D(8?1'Q;%WX=)#8C=
C($5[4B

M#[VNR3&LBKV+.FNJJ2B5!GPY)&;;K+B-C2I)DIE]AY+4F*^VY&E
M26G6T^G
MD8AZ\*?:Q.$.-.J-/*_LUTCPJ`IFIQ^SDXQCL?$*B*3A-M)E56*6TZ=2P=W
M5.K=9KIJ6T=4J:I#ANK$MS
WJLBJ:^\H[&#;TUK#CSZRUK)3
ZML8
II#T6
M;`FQUN
2HDAI1+9?:6:%I/W&1D0?K@``````````````````````````````

M*5(4E1&E25(41I4E23-*DJ(TK29I41I
R




[%:E5HUA^+KC
VM@PR:2D+;6_P!71!K6

MEON$VPRJ==3'SL)CKBB:+PM5%2ZYL34
BNKD-3&J)7.T*<R.!TKG8A--MW<FBG:3X[:C(]S-M3=;%-2DE





N7MK3T



M#+3[+[2V'V7FTNM/
NI4AQEYIPE-NM.)4I*VG$J0HC
E)



7;QFK

*+AWI9

M5R5*:!@V&Z\#F@:F2D0


DC;F3^\F
DU*GFE_$/-KO\`*)#)%%C(4ST,7#P




LI

ZBLHDW4ER.9*=PG#XRVS0Z3


M=:L;*\ALDF9(B6$^C93#=COP_:;/B#CQ2L0[3WQZ9S*F?47#IK944DN2X.(:


MA?\`

MJUUJ-)D




M@N3:QQT^X*9XDE
IY`T28U```````````````````````````````:&6XM



A

@I1
2W%.JJX$MR6P85(9/VF[B6

Z345$IM*5


P?2S%+#


EFU






MG.-7N(9930
@QO)*R73W=-8M=]$L8$QLVY##Z3^$E1ELMI]LTOQWT-26'&WV


ASKQ


M````#A=92K8S+S+T/S(R/XR
C(R/Y2%@K5+LZO#SE/$/7\0%A1.-/
K=M[S`
M8[
=O#
VF&,Z%9!/B:B9;*U=QO$[/(7;Z;)J
MXV3[:FK)-G)JRQ_V=[0KZ.24=<1JQ=NY%C$W;L7T.()V&7J7:<.3AJ!EF4T
M?%)H5#L;#.

M

M/.H:N4[(MX-!617IQ.NPFU





-T./P;%G




V.S+AS(;[4F)+B26TO1I4:0PI;
B-(

MEI?
--2K/QJYZXS^=6



MB5#RG2$WU1JO'YF9UM)%Q$T$1

M`````````````````````````````````````````````````!L41;?Z?B%F



MR\CV]0$/A'[./K=
MQ)96UK/QT9UD9.3S3)8T_;LFUY2]5TO
5TZ1$)5+IY1F1EOCF.1U6:4+=0\
MNGF&I8FT\/W#=@NE.
P

T[QBDP[&*PMHE-20T0XQ.&22=E2%D:I


(./X-GUH_?


2TC=!]1M
L^,?G#10;T'7XB<(U([O1F@D




AQ1NON^
M.1BP1=\6OYRZ](L'TFOLQ5%5CU

IJ]2&H/MJU
MDSIJYMD_6U1+

A)?FN!KM
7#'KGET/!ZVZR7,FMI)0\?@Z@U,2GB
M7\QQ70Q@7%?96M4W8R#Z41(%C(KWI;ZT1H1S)*TM&$AT!PMO$KR+?R^0R]^

M)973UV08WD
!^KNJ6UC)EU]E7RD]$B-)85Y*2I/FA:32ZP\EN0PMMYMM:?1`

.E2E&2L$SELB[BSI;1DEP
M(


M.6HQ:/8FBN@X3B&:YXAI]2[6UO[^LI)]DQ

M

4T+K


M849/R'J3CCUS)QQB]IW\BA18\Z90M64)R\BPI?6J+,DU'SL6(LHFW%1GW8
MR6GB;6;2U)09D'[X!\+]BRV;:7%I;4\ONVDK^`IUSH6X:&DJV-Q9--N.&EOJ





MX-95/[F)1+#*$%L2D^XO+8MB+R(O7T(O).VQ)(B(B27D4)OM$//





ETJRI%NFN6S'O:*?'=J\FQV2^2U
-7
M=)(

AO``````````````
6[S)M8^71K#=:):V
M5%TYIRNU)648JE]R7[&3,5^U]1].I:S;C3X,^.CQ$J+&4U$R*(V;;I0KV(A4
M?)32^*'`F].U;<RFO9TY+%6LV^JYUYYFJ/&'8;)JU_;6I!MO0G$.-1C93
M



M4D


M@^'L=.N605'$!J;IA36$RXT\O
+N

M!*270J2AR(T^;BH
;N\DXQ^Y+R]Q?%_D_4O3XQ%A[
QRE97#9IC;ZCZEQFJC



M@1@```````````````````````````````T


MT
8.XXI#K;B'&U)09+;42T[I\P%^+CV[

7K9[

PE09F;9*M4A
M


MCNR9$U?=1
B@LN2W%
W#

I

M)5X]F6HKK:KRQBI)3
5!J2Y
C4$(R)C'X=Q-(K6[B5B66;.R)+SQ=VPPTWCG

V
-(LFTYUJA<
JDQH;9'WS.

AJL\

N;:VD

M;GV)
F2A!H?L;!WN)N3W[D2MAMM
J@0HH9`[LZ.NN5ZB\'^CV19C)E3[EF!?


MXI^3(D*;2@_*JF58LQVG'GW$L



219N8[
MA&GF%37(M=&=;;D2R@LXG*?:BQW'V6W'G'5H;-QM*ED9^=1]CQD\X-APH[T'

M)8;R$?+BXB+#5K0O2;4JX83&N
UP'&[ZX::02&?:\J`R5FY'024DB*_.;D2(




+/(GEV&)4

[LB5#E((SAV]1-)*GJNYK


;B2RM@IEXN.$O!=;
$N].

M&XG/C+[R-41725OKB(KQ5Q,2Y5UKK=7'E.VLD#FCN5O5P-ZD1-%JAK$8V'
4;LN3<FW+=<4ZOJ3&`[)%R

M;192)-HX@Y


6





MHVK6\:)M
2#/LT]E7Y2.0YGG;/%AJA'G+Q^EG64W3U5T;C\W
\TF*EL6&9OK

8?
Z9]3H9%V+Z&7N(S(O
CW(CV(]R^/U^3?8?



M0I1$2S01F2?+=1;D6^VQJ
CV]?/8?8-%)(RV/Y@$!CC6S;F&\9&J.7Z#XU@E
MGH#ICC5HJER^1(L)4&IEP'5=ZQ-R7/HC*'LQ9LZ];
V%CV#LNULR'*8.8U*9
M-4XK\/*J[.[HGPSLP

XU
M3KYTE*[RU0THHZ+_`.MI)%^Y(]C\B^+S+?;UV^

+2O5C(]+

=^@76V2&R=:CU%
AZJE$_564Q
MV=%D


=N:;T^*B
MR;MBB]XF$RE-:PB*(=FC/



M


8F5L]M+:WZJZK)3
M;


=F7[E[G#1Q+-7E=@U9=+Q^%)O&I:K


TK'E<<O33/@HT,7[6L:2MM4U$;)=8-1KA^+8E6;$
G9+;]E)-/@\9Q










NL%
M6]XF+;+LN

MN77S*.
2\I8VJU7J*NJBODZS9:L.LX+AV/=X117;)G'$QZ[KE&T9H=52XU*M
M'T=2#)25+4`E;]DCXO
JU.X;IM#EDR3:2=*\P?PJEMI3AOOR
673UMO30)#Z
MR-QU=)XR56QNM:E-535;%



M^D``````````````````````````````````````````````````!\\F*AY
MFW$DIB-*DJ(C2I)D9*2I)D9*2I)FE25$:5I
TJ(TF9'CN^T(=GRM-
+2=Q)

PQ#&^_B6&`V$=\IQYKA7@NF0SC[$E'BK*N@[2


EA5[WL'+Z(WT0(US+D16S@4N4+?V9GU
MCSD=BY63EM2I)I$^#7?N^?[SS:_A:QAK$L-\#:ZV9?7KD44*2VB9`PVE6MR*







M3K1



MC2B`4V+607H=0FGTRTNQ[N*Z9=^SF$LPX5=%:29U..UQ]U[4O763BPVEFAH
MYMO)9C/X\_A5TUIYF/$Y

2'#KL4QEI];C4
M:9.:2_6XU6]3\R3+=G9!9%)2S:2S#).\H/6#)\^X9]$
PS%UZ3DM[ISCTJVF


=)V;/J%N+;B7M=!EL.DE4]ARID29$

M]8VTV5;1F_L

9W2



FOE28SF-(R+'N(


M&)
=S9*XLCN'VT38$B57S$O0I3[#@?C^$3B[QW6;2[$]6
=:MJW'
NIBN(T?
E7!UEL?#5'4KRBSQK3<W:MI

M/GUK$U:T1'I\*'*?E0VI*FGBCN266T/&TM+:E&E1`/3`&B3\AJ``````````


M



A;2I&
M'&VM

M



M9U_PIV`=JUEV*NU9

NK




MB0\[B6)..I2XS5LN%M9VG2U
R6VEYXFH#$&$R%P+E5\-VI&DNAVX'JMG+F



)=:K
=FRNM?FV-9^()_(*73FX<<
MM**B3



OX6.UV8V


MVC:O1F%R7V:V`4LYD]UF



N
3Q(


M!KY3IK580:BPGW%IWCB7[.L



M+WQ
%70Y)P&LC7#\B+D


?BIA5E7#(R))&?7)ERY*^N1/LI[ZES

MFD6I^2:;P-!

F056
M$)V+




M3ZQGLR

XR+5M@\?R%N)8PX[]=DW

M*9$=2R8E.5TQ

=]C8A6$I;CJGVY
M]F]);X'.R8:#81IS)L.(IY[.
UFT\J7?V
+)+7&\2P5M




M)02D72XZB
DLI;R9Z?3\?Y1$B[-]RL6^%;2C)=:M9%PL6S?-:1BSN2O'6X*=

3&4Y!9MI
_#$HS
SRIFPV$VDCW(BW^8!'$Y*79Z\%X66DY=D4J'GV
XC1

7C7G.DC
B


S7$R+(8BU&@S=IZ=PG#ES$A$V


E

MIC6NG.G%K&)?U-DKH?@9;ED%XE(/(5)Z9%#02D+*C2INRLVO;)QHU7.P:022
M(O/R^/?S^
S]=S

!R@.);A%Z&1G\6_F?Y3_$0XV7S49D:33MMZD9








7X2M.2MG6HM[J5E2)L
M'3S$GUJ)N;

8U1*?85


M5:/L.6$EV2K&K\PG!

M

5
MTGP!$II5C:V

4)Z'9A=9
JS7@[TWF
MY9)E3I5-

MK5V\_



M_/N`QC&@'9H^+_B'SWZLN)6\LL+@27V#O

MCB`%:W(C[

Z

M==#A^




?55;:<819Y*;I;/
M*O9V


JRL694F/W:O9$5)H(5W\G;M26



8Y````````````````````````

F1DNE.3(5%I





(#)68=UD.$9$SA^%4SY

U`G


MQNJ:RQZ1/BM1D6T:0Q&;6V@V%R;&


6^4PXEMQ-!5




MR6IE






=EIIEIAIMIIIEMMMIIMI!-MMM-MI2AM

M*12J^[R-RD@U-?[?0^IEZHHGZNRL$Y$U`5^UY%NTU'BR)YN1JU
IAHI3\L#M
M&/:


QI(DIR;5MLVY$2*G):

I2XV2BV
MR'#X5LC(R




M-

'#($A*5/8KBKRD[;;?8[^^02)



M```````````````````````#17H(I7:B^7SQ$ZYX#BK6CUK+O\9I;1L\KTBK

MV8%?`MTQHSD\ITN(ZY


M

Q&HFSD6=]7NY)&RK5#+W%'\)$FT9


6LVV6D&2$TY<)O7@V

M1E

B4_.*4B-.R(H^?PR.KJV+JWWW\_U]_XO+?;R`4Q:&:+Z


MSRQB/5IY?EBH'B:JKD+;7)@4-;6QX\&L3-)MI

:%3ZW4S6293:@:HP5M2

MQULSZZOL0AY[1

M-L34UXFL-EL7X_?O\0\3X@=29^$X/E&75F



M*KA.60HJE=*E':SXGL:=

^[4;4:5(D
Q

E2(OB]WO/W^
M9F?O,]S/W[@(ZO.$[17IEPI6\+8])(U*U'?8*;:8O4W4:FBXODQR?@/9-;
M.0K(XTVS)QN3#IF8;DUVN/VA)7#CR(YM@(^TM<<^L1E'T+X;(L:))V)JPKL



M-/

E/MVVE=DV^B/



M9)BNI
=Q:S3$F1)L^9LW`HZ.S2BTMYC[R:]R?-?D'CH.''A&RO6O4^#IKI#4
MVN3S+JSE-4AV4=FO5'HX[QDK(



MIARLAN5F9J4;AN%65#3A*D1L=J$G[.H(TU^3
8K664O/%\%ABODO0?.WW:V
M(TI+W%O_`$^\_C]Y^OGYGH_,::0IQQ:6VD)-:W'%$AM$EN:E.*V;2DB\S
U
M$1%[P'U`.!J0A9$:%)41D1D:3W(R

CV-)D9&9&0YP``````

M1[D9'L9&7N]_E\?EN($?
1'6LG8MY(9@P[&<IZ2Y;E;25RGY+DUUU=T'GF7N5UG3KY-PDY*+]K3RU2E

E)(Q%Y[+[E6




M1V(CEFKQ(5&=DEY;&F#.D$7B%M8%5E&HN57E]6UDRQC1[#Z@:W'K1=:4&HC/

3#8&1V




VG4];
MN
X[+2J8S-61(NK]IAN
J1#@6!K#)(U!O'&8.1MWYLM&_L1$7?&V@WO(O+_;

_C
S\S

M``````````#S/6#2RASC&+_#LHK6+?&\HI[&@O:N26[
^JMHCD*;%6HC);9N
MLNK[MUM2'674H=:6A:$J+TP:;`
;-Q(=EBXJ=



Q6FV8[:&6&FVV666FVVF6664DAIEIILDH;

M\5%D1BD
M]^R\UUMJ@D\#79-


MN+'BBP3A]TKR'4/+GH]-B6$T[:F8

M)IAM2TFON8

MD*4I*FCLK#N3NLJMB1#B

Q^(Y)1C%SF&9V5TAI3GA
MI-S1U%*SCK

*

S#$:



MBOV(.'87!96K(M0\BZE-QLAR*''4M#9-H-;M/3.NKAT$3O[&R=5-[]Z%.FY#


M2XPQF

MF9GN9F8YNDOUV&X`````````````````````````````````````````&BBW




DKB1=7*-I
##:

M\N6]LN1)D.DI$*KJX:5$]97-D^7AJVMCI4]*?47DAI+CJ
6]QA\8FO7
OUYI
M



MZ(MIZVE16.Z.0M-?5M39K\-F3E[^5?R^:[AIT9QG2R!D=UE+E6N596=O;2'U
M


MB`$````````````````````````````````````.)YHEI-)[EO[TGL9'[C(_



14N7LNI)



HD4%_CES)6VWWV<WD)Y5U+I;B1]BJ;&'+K::(\HJBQAMS7(DVS;K

ML=IIAU;QIE*;3*8CNO1DRD0UJ8/$N\O'@PXAN*FQR2OT[U7KSR2@9393J/+]




M@$)[L^W9J
HT2SJ#K9KG(IT9C21IB
*PBDGM6[6/S[*]`EWN06T8SKI5FQ


MRR):3L:QN9:18]S?Q:3PY


Q?(:M^5D4-0C(;0[ZWII<5276+.NM2LIA2(JT2FEM0]_(
MFC,,B9Q6\5N`Z-8+;ZB:DY#$QK%:1IIR5.DDZZ^_)=/]I5U9#8)R586TYTB:
M@0(C;C\AW8TDEM#KB(HG&7S<^7KF_OJ+$J(&)'99=1Y._4Z9LX*Q09S'U%M




MQ-BJB2B)N8@DK0;9M!=Q[$9*R=37$''7W_U'H5IZXPATUG#^J=Q&2MS%Q/+N


M`````````````````````````*9N
!C4ES3?


+*P
MF0T)!?K^OXB]]PT!R1^S4O0?A_P`3P'57-'LKR.%URV*PCCR8.!UDE#2X
MNU=N@CD7
&E43JCF/.KC


MXLX]5B]B5M
*



3




MKYIYNWD^PU]YQ.L,9Z9HK/27'O#RILZ6]181I3!K82&E.R7Y%EF[Z\FC1X



_#


M``````````````````````````````````````#J+JJ9FQWHDJ.S*BR6G8\F
M/(:;?8D1WVE
OL/L.I6T^R\RM;;C+B%-N(4:'$*0:A!LX^^QHU6495.R30;/



M^RG6L

S'7(MG(5ES
]ME1





M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M```````/RF:8559!565)=UD&XJ+B!*K+2KLHK4VOL:Z:PMB7!G1'R6Q)B2F7


E2[(=B2[2?%RP^(O4+5C13!
\
MU0P1W3W



M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````


M5N

1U6%:4F






\


M-:5`)`P#C:5N1'\9$?XR(QR``````````\%XI
SLL=TUU!OZ:3X.VI
'RZWJ
MY?=


N24=E;S27GS:)IM3K




M=3H^]PRJRU
N]G9LC
?J7T\@Y\OPU?%Q=5)XY$S&
C35EWTRT[A3:(1RU=^E
M1O%$-+02C=QIN0M



`XD(_?%O\_NWVW^;?RW]/E`Y//X2?3X_EV_+

YUBNASFH?[%M8UAAT?L#1BLRZIZYV&X]/O/#9




R2H]D

M+S];&RZ951+7/



VVU;^:NZ
_B^%T&?\1G^40*.4CS(

R9OBN=%ZK&*CP4'%



'E-/1G_``\R
P]W


U&=RL
M`&FYT1SC^;'CG3IFG


MJ@MH.9/D/66-Y+:QH+)+2[-FV5FMEDUI6IQAM:4`
L9N`Q^');[5QFE[FE!I

M-NW+K3E38



M?):A4])6%(6VQXRRFOM
DMPS;B1RDSGB-F*XD8W74/M._'-J)DUS/TXNV\=J
M8D6QMCQ3!].Z#*F*.AB/ORE3K2QNL=R*U?;KX+K+%A=/O5\!:(Q2%Q(2U.D8

*D_UPR#3%CTN6P*Y#%6



OJ21[[[D7F6VQ_*1







BPW


I5C&P[1?%I
I$Q?L^W:'U\3DR3I9J965U)JO44C]SMJ

OF]^P#F`-P``
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````


M/A%-7


E/WR/WR?^40V+=1M
M^Z3^

MM


M)TPS!;#J.A/PD^B?[8OWI?*.;OD?OD_\HAC5D\$O.9


:Q_41\YK[

:Q_41\


K0Y8:WX!/@-F2R(ES(4G+IS
M$J







M_(`DU\E#C0R_B$X;




MY]BIN'E+DS4U+$-U7=US))DX=F3_`+`O2?\`N?5+_K(S4!%5T:[9+KTU837\

MKBFB4=VUA1%H7I
9EN1:N/?S*R#\!_
?D?H?D`MH8YVJ[B=U+PJKPC2S3&MR




M_E8T5XRER2VR;

4V-
VX@K)K


2+(



5T]
MT?C9G&J6([!R.Y586%1D%L\ZF(GQ

MZK7NFJ\UQU

M/P:V/#-R):14M
)PSZ_9Q!R/C+X5:6\R!RKK<??U!TXR3
M

;2M*'&RD1G6W#9?;:?96:V7FFW6UH
M3Z2*6^#N!IK&TWPIG1\Z0]

=





MW4I4T3BFDK6E!K):DI4I*%(2HTVP

M;1VUORT+DNOEC]MD][
D.+??F+)B`XJ0MI]1OI?6UWN0TY1W*LQ#A1TOCX/C

C\*W%6Y'C?#*NI*UA!0Z.J2M9QHYOR9;LBSG3I3

SE81CF6RZR4B#.DY?'J



MT-Y


?CQFC[QY(Q4_:BD=/'5JF
M7Q1]




M/69KB$QTG;3$;]UA;IPWGDI0W854Y#3DNANF$(9LH27$O
Q+*)/@189/
B[2

N*3EGCV8TL.L2Q
ME
M]WT1

MUB-;Q4K91:.=[/ND5+3S:VW2[Q#C:FG4N$3B76EIZ5-NI7UI=;4DU$II9*;5
MU&2D&1F0A]=C'U?3;\/6;8@M^%XO#-49;Z8D?O?&IK
KH:F?%FSTN.+:Z)%A

MGN'8E$2K&K%R+#-\ZW(K6]E

IE3RY&





(=

M?



M6I87!@M-



EJ91)--'1Q8

MG'K[%CR;'[)G9V/*BO5KLR/WR$K



9#[$BX[BEM#D

*6&0OV.15K32W(\NLQ^EL;]46SZ&W
M#133)5=%@VRC-KJ@RGF4R([CK;J
P&QPL:=
S*^Z:P7#8=G48O


MU%/C=-D


?M]!]$).=ZH8N=O7-Y+B=[=
XA



I
R;#AOM




W4&Z2S08KE%U.-
M,DY781FEKF4T5+YK@NDMA3R$I;6M+B)WS!%W3)]2C,R9,S4M2MS/NSW^$9^9
M_'Z^OQC$9]G:_P#.Z2_WS:G?]7V?@

-J
M.)WDSNE;3'DG)H[-=PN8]ISPE:73JV%5HOM0:4L]RFW@)2N1;3,@E29%6U.E
MFTA]Q=/1%65*H2E*C09,64F.7V13C@17N#+M<^N69A]3O$?BL++:-B:_%OG
MJW&6







9'H

M9BRDO+2TZ%X'OD?OD_C(;R41^AD?S&

M^OK\$C^/XQ

MLG1Y_2]
DF[$A.UA2H[W?/.Q2`3$U+27J9%\Y[#;WR/WR?QD(C'/=TYB66:
MI4TGADR]C:9

A-

DI'AW?



MG*;ARG%%90TNY3_-?PG$6LQ)GF.82PQ8QF\7IM9]/H=$3%J_)D6C15S6:)


ME=X4V2CQ95?&F-H(BEH7([QQ09$@G$GZ*(_F

MZY8_8Z^Y%DSFDA0[E.71

<5/WR/WR?QD-YJ+UW\AC8ZG@MY
MS;

M
YXU
.XFI_I)I],KRHC\2*L+Q/.MH+TLB3,C934EG7U-S)[2*NKEV3:+A
M%!+E-QHL9UYE2'(*NY?8[!WR/WR?QD-R5D?H9'\QC&K'P2\YC?RR/5WI\M_


.'?#N



)DX\--A
M=X[66DU
1A;KRV8R9


CS3*7I%3

MF.ZENW-WIW!G6M3'186LJ'@NAT#(ZBAK82FBE$4YZ@O)O@J_OFDNO3[27*;-
MTO$/&:DB25VKOEKZAZZ:88'EVFM9(R6YTCF9'.L\1K6%R;JYQ_)X-&B=-I(C


E&;=?EU*K^P**9NS4SI$=Z;(E

&
U.B

MFQIF/QF'NYM6HJ(

M^DJ

M


L@2GXM

_DQ\?Q6GP:+J-F]U#=FHCPI]]XN#=-
S

MS*2;B=;A64VE&Q$ENJDR%QV94.-

MX2WH%?ZD7V974)Q[+Z6Z74KC4M1`)$;'%&K&+TE
L6$F?:/=S(CD\N8R4IEW



M=*E'L9[(22C/U\B27F9F?D1%ZJ
B+=0Q_':+.T6'8.7O#[P]WKBXJO$TFH^H
MU)(4LY_6HXTW#

QB

A@HM?`DM
'+
MDL





R\1')M[H;-SNDA)$[;9JS:0
9T$P.
I14^0W^=Y1/03\A*')V


M/XBKN9PE:2

)PTO5
ML0A!2&R6B.KVM/-H%MQCY)!B&]W^-8+@M'9D\UW2GJIG[TBC*):N_8]GWU


M%




M1\YK[XM7/^?O!O\`/@!DI^^1^^3_`
HAJ3J3\B41_(1[_D&-6/@CYS7WQ:N_




M/

F@H1!N[*1$KZJ:5I+C=$R1*BHC.R([BW&C6ATPOJ\M/LN6B&G^.PKC6^E



M

M^J8T^PS.+?



ME4E&]DM._6U_@E
)8C2H#
#?Y\`,E/WR
M/WR?QD-Y&,;12<%W.;8F1'DY+JDVIN0RM+D[7+`9D)LR<3LN7$?S8S)C(/9
M3S#L62AQLE(4RX1])Y$?1B-D;.*8TSF
F#
)F7\V;,87[@!X
M?-;M3,_;QGA^*[5J`JAL9ZQ_+(V%V'L6&F)[5(KJ5<4;!
D;L;OHASTJDF:

CLTL
19ME5*V72UM8M^#$G=-E(FR'HD-A(7V.

M*

1U#5?Y3@D-Y[&(#RI$YC]%8628[C493\:.B
M*]:RJ.\G)0AV5&;4JPM9$HW)!&I24J2EO\]VO_+K.=Q81JJ5)6_H-+\-C5+
M!I;)



MURW(FXYO(K8ZU(=1`@16S*5=W$ALV*J`1J2W*L'X
7B@^.W6.3J?KKE&L6
M:47VG
+(;JMR:/B::MR=&J[Z+%@*L9+;]=25$=]NUN83UW)/P+#CDNPE=\:S
M
W7+]/;(-0;FUU'T!KI\I2H:-%T9.4(FFV&FKO)


6)'6ADKFG)_[5WDEEFD/3#BG12PDVL]R




N*NS5.OX2'HTN

4-4UV1$5+=E
N/.R'C61D&26[0WS(-0.%W0^BU&TVC8U+OK
M#4JCQ&2SE=7

M=L


MK=)QSAFBSG:/9


M7-8Q.@TK?LIVYO'J%4J
XPS=/.O53-A-96N=%@E#CLJA-V$GQH7E.S+\Q?73
MB1TZS_*]99-1:Q:3+ZZ@Q6]K:.MH)5@Y[



MH2EL-^&3&;R;G+SX#

_H
M1)GR9E@J4ZPEU?AH
1QJ%7L1(++49O%G\T'(;+3KF!ZF9/
A
QIF
\04?-X\


2&'6WFG$F:5-K2I)FD!^UJT+Q+43
M%;S!\VI(F28GDD!ZLNJ.R96[FQ'MC

.=$6Q
@36F)T*0Q*C



MX\&TJ'D3DTT,VWO%&VELY%



MIX3



MD;['2PO3JS8179A'I*O'%G'@T\JWRF/
C51QH4Y$%M^@8ICCP6)

M2W6FXMA7B[[7;KYG65O4O#YBU5A%$Y8+:I%3

MA*9





MU71


O/8F-K=.P+*41%6


7(*![#Z_!\QI(G
DRJ-=;$IVE6APGB?8K<AAR8<[]JM(D5G?KE*D']C^X=


MM2X6**+&T@U?KX59$R.RL[O!



M[7Y1A^AVE.
9)4NJ?J[VBP3'*VVKGU-K:4_!G1J]M^*]W3BT$ZRM+A)6KI41





MNP7;?XO0_P`!&)Y(HDXQ.7/HOK^U0
ZOX)79NUB[MB_0HL9MS#*M=MVX+=BI



MLTX2L6P+(




M^2UPQZ/Y?6Y[IOI-2XMEU0U/9KKN':91)DQ6K2`_63T(:L[V?$64F!*D1EF[


G5N/I

9:V5J7&4M*5*-M2%'U`+GON\OC_R

I@U]E#CW\2QBIKZ



MGC28!R)&1IUO[
_P
@FZ4MT




V_H-6+</9)(S/ZHM1S\B_\`L/B0O%]E
M72G^HBTH(R+?VIJ3N1EY[_LD9-ZD?OVZ?P;?(+JW&+R[=&M?V**+J_@M=F\?


M2V2&TH0D/=O#(W

MR
@&(T-M7UT_?8R+^KDWW]VW[
V^^Y'MZ?*
N2G;8]OE%K8^2GPP?LD?LN_L


M

M5

OPL/?N
M7#.5%RK_``@\O/1W02#=5ND6$0
(@Y%+B3KIBNFW$M-A*@L.QXCSJKBQLW$*


M]S.(KB4PO+=0]:*G%*_$RN(5/I_*HL?L\?E7$FU*/)IR?&6UA%LJ2
^Y7U

T:

^[EM+C[).


CA-TAR&)EF+Z7Q
MIV1ULF--J+7+;FZRYREF1#4N/
J8MW






M[27_`
3_`/H1AW^T50W9'&[KK'8:=???RBC89880IUYYU[\4;;:::0E2W''
M%J2AMM36XLTH01J41#

M(R
JC!=C(R\R


MCGD@^)KLZG?JYF=OG^4Z=OQLEOI+LN\DXUD^08S$MK%;[KDBUF5E3.9KSM)
MBUFN?-9CL.SGMY,KO92W7W*V.'EG:*\.U/+J-)
'K\8]I&V=Q;][)M
CNNY


MM)EE9
6U8_8SW&)95ZJQ9

:R




DN
M
/-J:=;

MYOU_`


MGN

G)CX9=&\NA9WIKI/2XKEE=&GPX5U#L\GER(\

J4N.I:4K4:%(4?4+GKB.I)EN9;^\CV


.0QQQ:HREQGD
MM/UVFDN*MQIQIN4RWISB[!NL..)2EYGQ
23&-YKK;)^.^SN;K#B$Y+WA'Y56

MYXJF594TF*
);*8_9W6C3S!M




(
-1V<UUY^<6&7M[A];+D/&@UOKIJ2;'J&'.IEF<&##0

8MCMI81L9@3(K$[


TQ'S




-Z
MOLX+SD9V/(0U+AR'F%JCO
NH0X?=.-FE)D&-F[%3\'B
U





M1^P^)--YQ)DHC2?L[2KR/R
]I^H&^WQ[;D
A`1BA+@[Y:&A^@$B_DZ/Z?UN$


MT]*=BV\MO+R
C+\1EO\`'N-Q-D7D1%^`ODV^




Q?B+
MWD-3:(RV,BV]-MO+\HY``</<(V-/2G8]]RV\CWWW\OEW&]+9%Z$1?,0W@`#'
M;=MQ09YSP_[$9[8OGF^WRWV.E_E_4B/;(DB@CC!Y86A6OLVDL-7M/:S-IF.1
MIL.D?L+^AJKXUB\Q(F
M)I[:M;6E]Z
RXHWTO+2:-D*2E2B


4H\'PBG8Q_%




M6

O5]I7
M3&Y\*7'262FP2F)33:TM*94P:4]RMI3!J:.N?BKX+-

L?==






M9+):B




MG)DLU%=8+=O



';$\YEYG#K^&;'HC6(QXWA)-AJ/C*Y]UD=R[,4VA^JJJS($+K*
MPFCMP6)




ME@Q=PSG!*K):2VQV\B(L*:]K+FMX+JW$MSJRTAO0+(ZMI;;R6Y4.0\PXII
MUMTD.&;;B%[*(

ME2X2FK:ZL8O=OOU\-Q2RCD\1L$2'4DI9*_8\8/+$T)U]FT=CJ]IY5YM-QN+


]*?CU\)+KCY
-.

O(O70$0GM97-
M-(]-ZG1K!;1RMS?5B+
?O;&$

8T!U


W_`
Z0$;G#.VOW

-2HLIEZ/*BR667XTF/(0XT^R^PZ


M_(G[2)1\+VF5_I7J'A^49-3-VUQDV&66






M



T
M-TIK

MLD(2G8B]5'&VV22(B]Q$7G\GZ_Y1R```````````````````````````````
M`````````````#0R(_(QQI927HDB^8B'*`#9W9?%_$7]`=V7Q?Q%_0-X`-G=



4B88GY-C4AZ%/BV3[
M31..VV/*MZF[4KQT9B(ET^KWSBD[8'HG75*JW13%\SU2SRS(HU%!GT$K&\?;


MN0G5K.D3%8GC5BPW'L
;@6\=J+*NK.NV
J*4JD;CXYC6.(-+U#CWB4SVVY
E
MEB++[)LO+R+\7]&P-M$DMB_7?S

M.)+*2]$D7S$0W=V7Q?Q%_0-X`.
VB/R
<:4IM:'$DLS0M*B
M(RMW\+/)WX;=%

M=
M2SCFZGH(T+29GN%RTVTF7H6WS?&-O=$DC
B(OF^??X_G_&.8AH8#'+=LEX%K

Z2%QRLJJ2U

M&ZKIL#()=:3#]DJU6NOD/P9TOVLV_
C0E3D\_P!
Z#*JB?09-3UF045HPJ-9
M4US`BV=581E*)2F)M?-9?BR6C6E*R0\TLDK0AQ'2MMDV$LO[*_P7V]I-M/V
M-K6L.;(5)5`ILYRZMJXRE[&MN#`:LUM0XYJZE(CLJ)IKJ-#24-DA0CW\)O:

V=M-QW`6K)
BPF9'D%==PB65-CR5KLK


%SCI=2LJNLL[CVEB
MELJ
K;NXJK:QM*JRE)-?3)FTZ7$

N'I+@%3BTBS8C
7


XIG\2OM5/%#JYK='PCA[Q'%&:/


M4H3OAXZI^1SZJ^CL-

2XKL&9E$V5/OLIDP7II#L([VZDS9D:&XONB=BP#AQ

M3QJ-DGW%NDT:$NK6OJ4?)V+Y)EPN9D2B
C+7/*-B
C\M\(T\W

DV(PL
QVPNI&0S*NOE6DMA^YEPH


M


MS5RZ=R/)]*:ZOOI3JGK&SP^QM







\G@
5'B8%1/BW[-)0TB





.ASF*'*-*N-_5R\G


;41*0X@T
M&1&6PDU]M\_W*\.O\.ZD_P`DX8)/6F')4X8
+SV%JAB^DE+49Y77$R^A9''M
M



MZ5=PVV\GR]R23`CV-@Y#@RY;
2L=C4].Q2U9==IWWC)$MSO9;$*')TY)W*



M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

#D_8ON&J;82ID#.M9Z:
^
MLE

EGUD:BVOQ

QS@`````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````T
MR%L+F


M4=UD=U(1#J


LXQW4+46+C.I$C)O;E

M
MQ?2C/Z_
;+!XL67?N0X=K$@-Q9


KXR9%G:VL]QF4]HJE+\%J:]%A2Y;LJPA0V6F^^7




MQ';JE6BIQ6]C4UDZSC%9-8W#QO&3;R/(K]50N/
DHCSJZ-6(EMI5X]YN2PQ;



MV


MJI
IV

R:E&K9!$1;UB[_




MXTER




$P

^'(B
M3H3ZV)2-@KL-Q)'L9D1_%^';_*-.]3^^+\9?K^OD+%//OYJ=[PJ:88[DN&5V

#S[


AIH4I^2=?8OZ+)U6
XJN9:)5#:R^IN)

RV]=C(]O7TW^/;

M5MUE4\_8S[V?63SL*!2[;JKJR`E1I[U*66OVN87G`&FX;_KL8#4!IN-0`!IO


<?.J6HN%:39KD^DN)M9SJ+45;4G%<2?AS9[-Y8*L8$=R*Y

+RO67#6M/M2[5FZ5E&

M:2:#D;H\B_T`-X#3?]=@W_78!J`TW#?]=@&H!N`#8I9%ZF1?/Y?KZ#:3R3_M

MFD43'=!

:;C3-;#=M)=Y*II:9D:PO7C*%3PUK*N0I#





M``:;_KL8;@-0%!_

MB6HH\*






MC')N`&8VDX1^AE^

R(S_`6Y
C6E.HUW&@0KC/=.<+S*UAU2)*R)8Y'
MC\&VFQJY$N1+EHA
ORUMQDR9


-X@+;2C1#534RAB5T^ZP/!
CRFKA7#




MQMZLQ.2Y9SVYA-HKYB(+KLR6S+

MU8U]R?.L+C662.3;E=731[`[-JTC

MA]^7D(.?7J1JKI!IAJ1.@,UDC/M/\2S161W5/1X$C(*2'9/Q&'EDEQQIAZ
M0XAI2_A$T2$J





2)E^:68J)LZKFL
MHN'UQ&9;SM;;+H82;93QR69L(/TZN[(O[;8EK2DO


WX/M3ILNG?MK7`&ZG/



M)%CL1VVVVR25_P#5Z?B_*(W/90XZF^#/!^I#B4N93J
XV;B#0;C:LPGDEQ.Y
M$2DJZ3+J3NDS2I)'NDQ)'/\`H_*`C




^NHR=
MWFGF^[7*KF4/I-LS6PIQ%(6:5I#P7B-YB/-JPK%)NN&08KPS30Y;=P]CR




5J*BJU!X@L_@18E7C\6/:LT\
M.645%9
RE5)$*78SX$O+%-UN/XLBPB3;A2WV$6D0)#KUDNWXBN=!&H_V0',
M3;.H7+58'A47-+960

C_W3;_A
O7Y3`7E^
M1ASE&^+'#

M=?
&K
9B:@XAF#EY84N38;+KK/
K_(




3(DR'B.12(DF
\WLMJ1'D(0\RXD^M#B4K+S2(8'



!B9GIE96$*KF65=0XE#@H)T
MCE/%C68X$VU5
W[T4WO#U64L.
6#D%QAEN.E$F84O/B'YE.FFFV@$GB(G3W[
M;`W
9I\EH_91
JL






)HXM3H
M%EK

M6K5`XM2E&I:EGIIF3BE+4?F:E&?4HS\S

M/86-:0Z78W!.0[7X[
MIO@M+7NRU-KE*B56



_9C18S:6F&&_V6ZI?0TVG9*$
M]2E*
B]5*

M)5L:B(]O
M]_(_Q_KY^XS(X;';5B_P#![TQ_PRL?S!S
!+-T+;Z\&Q%/QXKC

Q2MND8XQC
:TA$]6KM6
ME5\5GVC6


QS&

M$^*37O+EVKT91M=Y7S5R!N*/DJZ
:P:SX=KQFS&1SLQPM-`4*N3=1G
0L6\:


V_IN9;%O\GG^'T$'[A7_5(\T[5G4F6XI_%N&ZDL
5QE*MG8Z[2E
M7(PJN6R^QXJ*J


M`
VA9N-$F6<QESK



I^N)QGS+L8F/QK7277R+8Q2?KKC
M.*2^RZETH\F/+Q&6U)B=XCHZ^IB7W+Q-K)Q74K/NU+;


MSDA]9U
B7(:

H=E/RK6)8LY'5&XX2






DN24NXS0G?PDL.)0VN8G0K$Z9*)9+0HW(WA;N6ONVE(43
MZ(SG61)6E=^7M(N.P97!7KEXF(P_X.CQ^?$[YM*_#38N:XWX:4SU?[6^QUK-
MIQ.RD&I1E^Z
7QG^7T.QCV:E!?U
@Q2
RY5L/QG+R9

@R.V
M9U'N[._O:_&K&MC9756.46CMC=4\['K-*;,,239.,SJMU3,Y^$E;?MO[RL
M]LR*5


M
-O(J5%M<8:92YOW
F??1X-2
MQ(1L[&.Q-39]1%N%96G/'!IWD^BL77FNR!DM.9&'3

FW;F
MM-K7TV5

MR9U/B4\F6)1ORJIW






MFGF6[9J;=3-9*:AB.I2N_;[XFS
C

M^*U*O&WKW$\NIK:16%)+NXDR+0SK60BV6IHZ4FE6Z9$5R$F2T%^/G%=H0N=/
M


Y#3)MT
-4BSM'
M;9RO
G/%W1O
LSI+KI0HZ8+

544DNTZ9





E+C05QU&;3KA%0_GTV1(Y
K3LIY^0]^PWC
M;1.R'G'W.Y8U
K&(S1..J6LFF(S;+$=O?H8CMM


4FDK6M1&I5D'LPFGL2HX+M(9$53ZU7RLSR&=WYM*2F9-S?((;C


7I9KZF1%QQ-MA
W-V*1'LE=D_(.&:
?
M@'.9]I$J4M4I3;L8GT(9_8]HC_L



SU#K*.M8QNFQZ9(A1:2K\+F%E.QRJ


_0!``[
?Q$

GMTE?CK+<:)
M.MX].J+?V]W962Z3'8:DL6
-Y_QQ0;;W9Q




R.Z]H7W4B%
87&E1EFC*$K[J0PXXRX2%)


K[()PZZ75/#_+U$QJ;#O=1



M%^!228N2.2:JTP6+%38VR[21&DM=UD4[ODMUL92UHC+2I'=J2N2U*_VM?_%5

-342NG3




R&GDS
SZ%L/-


UI4F^!HSE4N\Q'&





M7RV9
9YJ3%?06K6.H-33S2EM.))25(
TJ
B4E25;&DR+R[L_6(TEUS$^
*_N






M;*8I-J5)
^OOD]U:'UJ[1_Q.UW$1K;P_8!IWC&?Y%%SC*=/-'X571SF[*!/J


2NY)I;

O'65G52\9P)NFM2[IJ198\Y


MS-JZ(EEKVW8HRJ+7O8_11H[RV62N+.79PZUM+SK
=MYQ4AY:(S2S*TAVNG&X



M=
I-CANEVI&7TY1
MCM\5P+,LDJRF,JD0SL:''+*U@E*80ZPM^,<J(R3[*7V5.L];:76S42T^_M?N
M2^8OR$*0N81M^P-K7OZ?L1ZE[^[R^HJ\^0P$'30WGI\P?BDHX=3P[X70Q<DP
M&KL;35+*:JDQ95;9R+27;.XM55L'.)$ZOJ75U5:46!7QY4RVR[1-D&N%6
M



M9K?H*EW$X



=&22(M&U(;M)




B
M^J;?YO+XAWO(]Y9_%K@W%GGFNVOV#5F+PL_Q'
%Y!8TN389*K['
+^YQRS)W
MV#C60V3C1S7H5A8+648X3$M3[C:HY.LMD%Q+2[FK:G6_


XR66#5U(4ZJCCG0=H&U6
SO[T\JKJ^)$OHTUQ
6'[7@4ZW66:2
M7-=BE
C1%'+D
*1XYH-_YZ36+^\1?_5'IP/R?

?'M/K






@JN[/3S8;[BMTHO;W-D4$7/L



A==WN;



M2O


%!ER(_6LW/


MU5/S2VSC'
[*9KEW^
M%VN$'&I,H@P9,N._:ULB+-FFRONFU0)9M,N5&]L`U`UW8P*+C='BE=+T`FP<
M8GYKERXD5RRJ\YC9?.;IJN-+5=LRVHTEAJI-;;=#+:,Y*B.:R;RTLV^=#.U
MY]0Y7C6-\8.@V-73=%=]/U3NX*[C&?8@LYB/'6\?&\A@RH$B=5+;CF]&I48S
M




*=L%J?I*KO7B)Y26'-H[EH7AY[2EQ=
MZOL9KI9IMIIC^:ZWS;=:
.EXWC*85%BF'535DWDF0735QDS]?
M3E'3PZ==N
M]7T
-Y]1RU6DN7`J)


P=%7REN&N7ZMVV/'X*M.M

M9*-I.TSK
M2/`*S'
5QF@JV%-5U#0T5/7-O.KD.M0JJLAP(2')#GV1YQJ-':2;SF[BU)ZS
M/J
!'0[.?SJ

M(





Z$Y$L&V6F9:$I






M




MRIL%AYR5)E

9R?2/4['\KE1(&
6VG




:%F.@[J3DD;



MPG7]VF%27&W9$N8I#Y5U9$GV1Q97@_#N0K]%.9'S7^(*DR#5G1^BJX^GR+1:


:?^].F0KSG1<Y[6+A7XA-)*5

MWDSJ*P?R5ABMR5JGSJ-!MXUP2428%;+K[6$?L1Y*?&M

-6K3


MVE+)Q+I=UZ=V9W@_+2;A



.I'
M

S5?37%I4O`)D

MBT.TBV\M]4IAG[_
\&N-S




A/ALTXA8K@&8U`-]V!CF&8C007):FG)2XE)15T(N0XR
MTPVM\VHR5.J;:::-TUJ;9;(R(0V.SMT
*NXY^.JL@16(5=7Y3E4*#!C-I:BP


M1Y$5'7Y+
5D:4M2I&
8O4V*GZ9MNFC&^G+

=

W*E
P
M4/OHCH2RAUQ:6B)O8@'P\






M4F
X\W)E-+9:D


L1X\9A#C[[[SJD-LLLH4ZZXI






M+)ANSA(MK^QMY#I/IC^

Q


';TN-9`F)8]QDM&BF)+IQE1VX$6/%B2F\CN22+T_7
MYS]3/Y0Z??Z?-_1Z;_+Z@




2'2VC&37V&G06^_H?Y?G^/\`7XS`8X+BVY_O$EQA

M&:8)+N;.NER[K&[NXF9P]7P7(;R&7L@K:Z@K\&I6[9*EV]V5BA$BK0Q7R9D2


M01KWP:8:GA^UHT%O[^UPB]PY5U.M

M2^M10$0ZZ

M

8B)P?+H_BWHU5#F/
Q2??994^Z
MA+1./-H-9*61%+O&TT$?Q_@

MY]$:3IYB&-QJG-






:7F*\:627&)Y/


MTEOOY_C/;\6^W\0U
M_]'D?XR\P%DWL[F'7..\'.B-'D%1:45Q7T^3HG5-U7
M3*JSAK=U!RUYM
JOL&(TR.;C#C3[7?

M1&1F1[D?D9$9'[]C/;SV'U$6WZ[G^
_
:@
=?Q*\6G%WP%\2NHN59-!SG6_1
M[.K6T^I65F]YEMABTBIN+




GI\GOX](P?2_9-0FV[-

^VC0FW(T(IDI$
K9G9@N=F36Z8\(=UIQ=0;.MB9LW09S&DF=._KD



DQ&D384[)6&DO7WE[_U]?F/Y_4#0
M1^OG^3]2]WQ'Y^HPSI%R5Z&JX(U\*%[9Q7I%MBDY&19+`BD_&//)]J63_5%
M%8DM1URV:7(68#=8X^TQ+?K:J(;O1*4:RB6\#W-XAN7(Y:Z$ZU:

EI6Y)?;:

M`%_7XO0.DM]_/\9[?BWV_B`1+^TX\I&PU5PV%KEI=#GMZO:5QVIDEN@2\W=Y


=LL;7;V


F38SJ

N5+15=E=V]ABD5F#5U$79V

M42#!9D2I+A(0MPT

M*6TB9`4V?8:F*@PRI)$1NS5+G%)CJ@QT15/2T2(ZXS;Q2&C7*$
M_P#1Y'^
MO



M6)F0F':18DDX[RFG$MOI:-I:FW$H6:FUI31US\-&\PR+C2X'KVBQ3)KJGH
N

MX_PF9_E




MC+;%FM2W934RL
Y60Q)!%\?XSV+YBWV+\!`:2_[OU]/C+T
!CRM:^UP:MZDX

7
:TN




Z\L[J)BV%Y=26
-$NRE1CJY=DYCV1PO$PL
M3Q2F=;QO`XIR%O
NQ5RD+;52Q79/C&CFC.J?+DXR[2%BV'9]G'#5JBF$N:YB
MV
Y!E)5F



M@N9MP-YUKOD^@U+`NZCTNPC5&JU1U$6Y*N&\PM)V&)-_$*7'XT=J6376$R

M@74B$W63''4Q)2FT1I;JEHC/K;2I#:E)F?C;T%OOY_C/;\6^Q?@(!#`R71?
M3YQ.


O=_H_C+S`1GNS_`'#9(LN`VGTO



R1DR21?Z3,_P



MVF9OK%15-=I]B-FQ)NT5LF+25QTU)87F

VPGS
MZ


'Z6Z:QS(LG7J%CD^UDTN0V%37P;8I4HYDIA^']BG-(=FQ$.Q

M]72WMDTG)Z+(397$K+9XMNIVH2S


AVJR*S&9M55$NT@LJ:?=V.0^


3
MT.6JK@V6),QW[=:'#L#DOW..'?M%_&!HK1+TRU?X=\QU&RS$XMC3HR6^;S


MMGBTYZQQK
(-4PVY
R-
9MURAR.J;:E*.DBUIHKY
)5PM$U=*2+X_P`)F?Y3
M
#21^OZ_*7Q&7N
O

4*MM.'2&_J$RZJ(_-CY!?U^*.;176C
ME'1NT
R]C2$6A-[TWM=;2X9NL^U([Z4[7(^SGZ%\5EUDNHG$!Q'93J/70
W9



M]OQ;[?Q!T%OOY_C/;\6^Q_A(!1)S$JF;9\.FN]?7PY4ZPGZ+:HPH




MN/&B26H/L]IY&2-))%[OU_I^7^D.@O=Y?Y?]/R^NWEZ`

:







M

1(+Y?QF?XMS\OP`:2]??\9?


MIK



MCUQ?N0(SE;CJ6WYB*F'

VUD4STD$7Q_A

P\P



MOZ_A^/W@


B/?5F



MOF7Q?T_)\GH-=@$





Z)G9(+R]?+Y3V_

M0]8YE59W:\1O(F


C/MV;[#K323K5OORB*1F




MKR7E*.@M]_0_D]_S_'M[M_3W#0T$?Q_C
OQ;;;?+MZ^\!&KU*Y;4SB&Y=NE6

MQ7'&C87&TX&^?9K_`
%-/!X?M==[V^@X4U+CT)[MCC.75%*\N=(A5[$]VO






DO5\EB03
ENQ)P9\_+B

AF
W&66




M`Z'%;=V?6U\Y^.J(]
@PY3L5?5UQG9
9IYR.OK0VOJ86LVE=2$*W2?4A)[D7
MZ```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
'E98AQ9<:O$]
M@.8Y#D6
U^/Y#JYE\69C#50J:_
BZN

M@UI5(/3V*70PR(_V5]62WV]6





%


/G'[XT=\3+IM=7=KZ?T



S(B+R


MC:TEV6@'$_IYJE6R+G3G.

MQF%HBNV4N/XI;3TN
VZB
/,C//L*2I3:DOLM.K<9-+B3;43J$&3A&@R)7D



7P
@Y;NDDKC0H^(

JB=)M2=86ALEL)7_XBATC


M?')H[E&/N9=CVJFG5SBC4Y-8[D5?F6//4[%BOON[@2+$[!$9B:Z4=];
9UQ#
M[[;3KC'&VUJ*JHMXMA%C3H
F/
A38[







M

5N3928K#DA3+#[J6$.&Z;;+KA(
MZ&UF5/6NW'WHIIG(JXNH&K6G.%2+J$5C4Q\GR^CJ7[*O
T$F?#9E3$./0E=X


PV-R6I]YLXRWD$WOL*==*N:#P[9Q?0
9P_7+2C)LAM'9K
M:2ESB@FVM@\KR)F%9FF])?49IZ([*7'G#



K

B2XI*UH282D`%/N@O%%IYJA7NVVG6=8AG58PHD/S

MEK6XM*$(0A)J6M:E&24H0DC4M:C)*$D:E&1$9@/K`6X
BYN?##43Y%79\0FC
M



B21CZ7W5D1=)'N9I3Y)-6QK
DDHR(_W*3
E+\R(D[[GL1F

M&974B





R


]S2DS].HRW5M\749FKYO/R]VP^@`
M&A%L6Q?K[AJ`````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````````````````````V+]/PI

M;3/ZMMV#UVMC%H%A/0TU.KX

ME4RNA1++IEQVU;34V2F5-K5%+[.1?U9_'M\%/^[O(D[DE)'LK6#
4F1F1$
M?F1%Z_$1^X3BC21?A



LS+-KW`;7

M'
E8FQLB**=9M8V\6MJ[IEA5;%MYR2D0D



MD@0[&I1#5'ASGKO(($1UMZ?8V




QK#(U*EQ':F$^\ZY'6J&IMZ*VB!KUS
^(C5?#U:P*TMTZTLGSWJ

M7O#NRUN65:1I'+5Q?PTAB0EOA\SN.XJ.ZV^AN1'J\Q:D1UK:6M*)$=YV9#

MF89SHQ+-BOT[ULFJK




-R#.K&L@G;7=%K



I(D(97W:T/$A)UZZ
M*=EVX%M1
3H


















M
R/'G
QDQU-1(QR98/&K*X@^6;J5JG9QO#7EQPZZL5F2I[MM#





X%IO`_S)-`\4TTRB]5AVH]W
MBK4%5K)B/6,K$,QO)6+Y3BE^<'P[%O%C28BY$3

MDC\^#K&MS


K*9


M[4N;9
IA1Y7[98B]U)0;+


3*FRM]3\DJX=@Q(K2.R:.$Y-.1UP=I
M3:4N+C;/=)BLGBK[(7H[C.@653L







ZS-K6FDS:YE3+KC;K3YK8R'VASDKQ.$J
M)3WVEV6Y+,TDU*N/9%SBU_:,R9=7EM%&FW%,F2Y':@MY!5IK)-I[E3*]ZSH
U4_+;3-6<KO*1A+4V?3T5%2V<:)(FR&G%E32IE
MI:LMQXCZ$2[&(W+7T(8C&MR5SRV/['?07_`OI9_,3'P%:J_0_F/\@Q\N.?\`
MGQ9?\)S_`/\`MC(9!I?H?S'^08^7'/Z^)


S

9
2'P#(P.%/UKXI
-O]2\BHX\N_14:[:=4

^4^U!L7XC2[2GDMIJ'G8-C3V'B:
MV?7RU^


)?373)-QJP[K'&RS!+G'Z^KN+')Z:KR=Z\9F8M6Y2
MY54[BZZ2[*A0YDZ!):0N)33HMA-7%A2#D-^3\Y'6-O1GFB:`ZL90U$@XBG'\
M'*7;6:4OP&*21
S##\EMNAE]+K*\?9MWIS;KO0AA^.S-4V_%09.!7A/[&[P]


M90QFQVM198[DN.8CJYB;%G9QE1$LIKTRZN-*R&E87



M




J\AAU$?$J&57P%XG75T1^CF&].J\9CU\1'LFW:BAUR
MMKZ:/X!B:YQ=JLH\;J^!KA_K
.58KQ&NSK36#BR[AN8S;KQR'I%F+%$JT:L(



M=QN^QNARFMOKMBS4Z5B4AFMS.OM.[K9U?=HO(\-B;!K&G8BSL6YU;%I&*Q\I

M+Y@'Y;C$U0O
V\C?E/*4\\


NON'(4BZN


V54N6_=P[4[QP9*_:Z1\+
M6&Y+$PY&J[43(LYR.QMW



MFP^JIH]0[Q.;E`=CFN6B;3U%_%GL.&P;3CSL4D)D)3(;2%3.

M/BOQVQRMU*7/JW8UQTOK%1Y*6_-NOQ9#TFD;JG7B[YR%8'8V'2M3:+ADC3W7


^MLZO4%-C
M7V
&0VEV--@3(=.]'F19#*T.



AQG2RGO[#&4:HXQI?A%]9U2Y*9/U-79BKYEY$5CEQ%0(



M@]EE[#

_@[&9&:DI+;?SW
B]2\B+S\_?L9]/PND6`^61S[\

MZP/(


MN6S3GV3*BLH7!UBKEC%EQV['


M0MYB0:2









Q*$YL`%

C@Z(\54_$\


DI83/7V`!&NY



MHOPSR^'%_.F

_;1XY]3!L':4V/4Y





.R



M8

2%!3.FJD_C.==

M@IR9T!B!$=1!.O8E+E'@`@Y:2]DSSW+
CB3N)WB.R74K&JIN`F%04]AE
^=-
M.#'5#C1G[G
9D@J:#`A(:BL^RH#T]V

:F(
MU`K

M@`L9\!?)N/1'B(UXUZ+4(\D5K=9WU@K%CQ8ZDL:]N9@K*S:*Y]NV!6_ANKP)

C]2

RJ\R
M:P-EJ+;A1[7-)3L&E;5`8;CJL6XEA*;CQ6(S,,R,GX\N36/@EQZWTR?A_Q


1
\.=9[5N2:\+T



`!:\YIO*RP#BJT]8P?-'+&JF55A[
M7Q7+:;NE7&
VYL^&=?99D'X:?76




LB]AY599

M)PFDWB]2
+5D.
7N/^)\(JZH[6G\7W/?E&.TKY


?JCK;GV51Y-2PY#C8P5+AL.-9/WU]8XZFX

M

MUQU5MM:IU;;


YA'9
M;[+6_7W-M=JKB%L-/+'+I55(CUM7@4F=

76AF_BYU2/O'
9K%.N*;


M5
Y





MB6[:KJ/:#BWY%-6


?TW^K4]/

AH_9O@2N*$F4K]N^**2F4XE)12CICF3Q.MW1])
#
M/&L5Q[&CDG

M[8`%C;@LY-O[$7%%K;Q)?LA'?GK%&R!@\/\`J6.L+'_;F3TN1]7M[V].]J'%

O#I8TLH=-2



B5+Q]MB/.8QRELELE$CW





MQR1+C#8!!8POLF6IV=YS6Y#Q-\2=UJ72UZF77HT&1E5ODEJE!Q6EUI7^8S'6


MEY_U+^C5/I)]5AYK[)N





M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````



M^+J3O^+?Y`'*`VI41^G^3_(-P```````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````



NEKV\0IWXCKSD9F!7K73I6P:(4MJ'W#@\=['!HFK
]7=:]:;V*Y
M865+2P*J%8RWF)1

M)MHB(MR+?8BW\C^3UV`0

T\NRG54NR


4OI\1]#5_(:@DB[H+MEB;-M(:+-4RPF1DP


NRJ(L=2YMC85[5VIJ@

PR-IJ(O


B^?R_*!N)\O
O





#J./?@/QZRK




MF

MI5*:/QC$EYMFHD8XYJ@]9L2BD%%CRO$V$YE1IDMJK'$NI914AH+S4^(SAHU#

`XEL7E0(V//O.H

M7;O

M$@&E;RIS-
U#7CJGTQCG5


M:%I42DK2E25$I*B42DD9&2DF:5$?J1I

M/CU/9WEM-=6TVU$K*F&]83Y3BWG&64H8BQW7%&Z\TV7276XA.ZBM#]GCX@;[


MI(KWLURS((-TJUR)^
3E@O'\6AN^SX1.%'KYJ(Q6

MM1--LD?F]Y*C

MX.OAQR)4DFVF8Z$-)(B

=SJ)9WM74L194VF


QFVF[




M392EZTN)JM7U]_:W]NM!3;JUDJ
S=F37%FVCHC1&XL)EB*UD*/[7]?C`?/+E
M=TGJ/;;SW
U$@DD234:C

MT46UM\9]I37I4Z3C-W8--R76'G5J2F3L\X24-)09)3Z^7`OSA3+J_JE
#V]=
+JTQM+VV.'/L@0&\
M+?:6^<.KBS;027'FR-N+%?=V5U$@TI492=_ZYVX'4-=/[-[*C2V?P4X#J;N



XYDDRLRS3;0^NK*[**-QVNELVF
TM





]1\BQ=#EK

MOE/YB


CRW
M$*$I

#]L3G.F&FP9AF_7CVA7FQZF:9VF

N/BVLW=17


M=3+34/A\XAGNC6[221);5+FI@QK:_J(%@NHNXELBM



9I?5#SM)8H:ES


DU^-X[2M
M%,L6($F[<;6EIUR!XEQ-\LSF$\)-/-UPPOB2N]3*?Z9=SEL)S)\LL'8=3%Z
M9-\_.PW.I5S19!CT!EA

OQD1D



MH.H5HFZO\8QJ?!KVKJ%:4VHUM5(=OJ'(FWVZ$J65:./5MS(C*9BQ'XEDR[9X

JOMIE/
M




M$LKJJJ9S#C*$W*'6T15--LV+A
/J4ZKNK+/!!A/'CQWZ78N_&USGZ6::Z?*M
M
;7E\B^REO+M4



M6M1
E*KQ+!O;E]*RR'29ODRJ6PQW



M7

GU3#;\J%%2
M32[9




MQK3O(L0R_'IIP[-JNR'.
.;)V/*01N1G9558R(








M*

%&46+682G:?QCJ-

M(KFTZE.$U


*25'-G-R2R(-C;0X;:G9;[$5E'22G







*OGU=;*M[%;D:AICHH=33R'W
M[:2\&3'ZB]?=^OZG\0V]X7R_\E6WX]MA&YN?-!UTX8-,M^&3#LJG9EQ'9=


[4B

M%U;C#.-./()3&0R6'D-I#(6=1#:3B=]MRW^+W_B$6;LWW.1RSB+QO*=/-5G^

G.-XCDDVBPN9;//8[4RHSFF91WX-<HB;8<9]

MJ$]6T++;12[^S9FV5*F'^\POBMXL^7!KQC&*Z]YI::J:29\Y'=F3)F49#E-/
M
JG)4&!:9'B%CDA'=4F3X@XZS[4HY;



9^7+?9BQ8S+LB3*DNMLQXT=A!NOR7W7#2VVRPRA;SKCBDMMMH4I:B+S'



'_`./'_PL83_)N6C?S0?_`#2R?\`W#M_*6EH
M[+R3M=

;B

PR
M1

VR]
^IRYK_
M`%(W$[PB\*7%W?YMQ#Y)G%H5736&EEW#R3)IT_'X\&5187K#N2NRI^/VER=


MN.P]

MUW/






VQ[^[8_/W`:R+^C8S/;X]B+


VU?PM_+
RE*KF9%5)NFL=?HY)%BT


1G%6^*'6+C.YDNH&;3=&M1IVC&@F'WS%/`?

M

MEQK

M




@A*XE

M7.P;/$&\)7J`=BE


2WAZUVN79HQ23(=A
M<F]:PJ2,\_AMOP&GF3

B63A'\?S&1D9_
1D6^WOV]!NW&.:UYP/CTY=%S7
ULUF0_(*+67V/Y<Y-ML4L+-EIY-9?XK9RVXM
MAX:)*GR&W3A29./

MH[I25L8Q!BSGKFM:6TX=I%9HY
BO.6J2T%_!3A?*?S)49?C(MOXQ$YXEN/'5



LYE6A=;Q`-J+5

.U
GI
J1*D

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M```````````````````````````````````````````'X/5'%7+W&[ZD9=;8
M=MZ:UJFGW4J6VRY95\F$AUQ*/AJ0VI\EK2G92DI



M6I;SJW8BFFUM(0%[_F]]H6I^%;4[!]-V\`5J/


8VY2-TO
;=ZCU?D^]G@U5E:O


FO675
MQ[+*K=]E4
X\%^;75T$Y3BIDR;/:36A;]SZUH(?.MB+OTN&3T3&8=&I#Y1T
MY+
T&B1Z=V0I4F


MF&Z9WZ

M$4J9YIA3

MR98K\R=:B^)/K0]*A0Y


KCP[?*K5J.S(\(R\:GBKJBOB5]'6NNDT_*
MB5R)TAB

6X%(_)(@O\4?
'UNXF9S*I./8$[=.8NN0V9L
M


67%=)M3:^Z?CNN





AKH5;X!QQ
I'L*UB6K
8#%QEQNP3&.%<












.KXLLYF

M

P<R#':E=1!1GF&W2G6X5Q:09MDHJZHG/]U6QY3IFR3*4&^XRTY[WVEK


W27K;-S/I[-QS'




MT3KIHDU\2XCQY*5FAYN0EQI]EAYM;2;RSZS))F7KM\6_O+Y#\_B\C\P83LDB
M^0OB^+Y/+\7E\7D*0N8!`U.EZ





M-ZUY#Q:\5R8JM1+N--EXU1SY

^\_

MWU7SQ::DW6':7ZCY9CD,K&^Q?`,SR.DKCC/3GW-)CEE9U4+PL9+DF5XJ?%

2EG(_66QF:?(_-)[&6_O
M)7N/WE\NQ^X!B8N6]Q@:HZ*:O91KSJ#PRZCZY:J7SLJ56Y'?L9;CKM!:712T






T[I.1KQ.]
MF.X3

MLL8Y*(LF#


M@
=MR0.

.(+(N#S6O'






MQ]VOI6W*^L3)6%XCGH\G/3'BH=Q-+VH-#IUK;4UGLW$YEM.B24Y+C[TJ=)CX






M7U#W@
K*NFS(I6M?;S;)2FF_!(G5
_9]?G'/4TUR7+.97A^)XAGLG3'*LDQ_
M3B@Q_.H

MV


M%HK(6?\`5BMEQ.]?JT

M[S#**BFBTE6[8UU4B6]$RS'K20A5A;2H5=&Z(

M[)Y_8985_?=J)_.Z4+6G9L\4KG^
SCJN'8;+EI!RW)JV'.5U]_'@6^KV6R+*


YTR



,RPK(*E-
MR[6T4=$DY+I/&XVVM#+RD7D^$S+3&=*=.
:NX_@KK'L`PVBMHJ'V)'A+2H

Y&592^WIQ9PD





4OZE;2](.HDH..XF8




T?U*U`P'4S3[/\`*
FMK[)
7MU5F.
4
MEICV
X_)@OWJ[#IASH$VC5*3.;F







!:
ML7K]
/.QI#D3Q$%Z^\ZP%TOM'ZR/@GU[(C(S+'Z
C+U]
\Q0_3






7MKOJQ+T+U)T,H7LDN=*;6^\15U*HSF20;UL
8MZ
M&_@5]B2(-A`KIV-]
YGEO,NO0EJA28*Y;D:[3R=N(GB8UP[(G^)W2^'IKE






R?DUK
M3+YNLK
F%NFWTKZ#$#SG1=FOTNX9M#K/5/&-0
ZR.V@9'B]
W67L?&$UJV;V

1K[7&;#21683T$JN:RN








K*&WW*I

XV
RWWCDQ3$A9,]3R9R3=-X33[:V91*\(_/+2RR22)
M/22R)/3Y[['N24_!/W;[)
MO/8DG[B$9WM$?)#N^)VOQ?/=+[2/4ZPZ?Q7(%
M9%L)ZJNNRFA=L$6::[VJ6YTMY2V/?V5!9;M1'7)DV%8.-$Y`GUUDBVU\YQ%K

Q+\:7
GHSFFON
MAUQ'4AAOV?16#O?.?`ZVVV=^M]L4[:6_^:'E_P#W*V7?^\%Z+2/%IP(\QCC1
MP]O-7Z&HPMO)5;8Z9:





=R1V

LLX\6%!B
HCQ(D9EG2-+3+$:.VVRRTV1-MMH2A!$E*19C
MX4:G53@`X\








MOZ/
:?

M'1TGY6O
YX8YV2X?PT917Y7I;;R9ME46L/(]-D4]@FUCO18F0-8]GLWQ&/Y*
MJF#,EN5!RJQZ4S5X^YCQV^@/2NT

FJRLTWEQ25[.H^.T%*NZNXFU



__P`$K!MO/XB]+XO+T(3$.'3%+CT^PNBM&C6=/AV,5
M%A')UIXF)]=00(,QDGF5N,NDU*9=;)QIQ;3A()QE-K2I4=;EG\MS6/3WCRX

F3*G--V=





W]A7W-];9-+J^FE:M9
MLFM@0Z^BIR=@TL*.[U.M+=8@0@EO#)VMK&8%SK3P25%K%:G5EIEF35MA?Z
%/*=
M
L59R&DTQRFUM
TENY#CM
JIA2
IT\LV7D1KJTKY5D:XE#9NFU6


M^(EU5'FV(9$_WDM_'3?EP*O+JZ2^_(:)+KLVM?MI-8^'L&NG9RN*^SQBQ@:F
M\=WM##)1146T//

!G$.''6+/<7LL=K(<MRLU+I+J)25

FR7(\8R/'9]K.1#E/P6KHV


7X=-/Y




/'JJ
MMQY+<AZGQ^R4*$^\S'5-D.V%EX.)[0.

MF
6N
%%\1?X&PSJ9CY():G_$8@3TJYCQT(=;4\Y.Q=Z]C-QB)\WYX_<Q'

\39%&\3WAUBL;5'PHI/
M@^Y-)+CF124HLADO




M1)




BO55CKZ9;+3L


M403_`%IU))21FDCV+R


M

\.CQ1$39FWL3YN$70?1T])(
TD0#]
`````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````T
OU

M9!#.[.46E-=BGPJ$D^+2D[N.ZR2C7TG&24SJZ%$@2?TLH_=$E)'\?2DC_)\H




MZB]+
7DPW[1R'8X+7L
P'$
-9O'J7$;]7


&(TE1GLU%B1V&&O
SZ&T]7F0_9=!?J

O3U(R





M+F5D62(BL.J



M:@`#38OB#I(:@`TZ2]!QFR@SW-*3/XS(C/\`'MN.4`&TD$7X/F+\A#4BV&H`
M-O27Z[?]XW```-IH+]2+^@;@`:$6PU``&WH+]2+^@:D0U`!H:2/]2&G07Z[?


H/S-*3^=*3_`






MZ!S``VD@M]]O/YB_7W#:MI*O4B/YR(_D]Y#D`!QDTDO(B(B^(B+^@40\RC1&


^GK01=39[I7MYD5Z-#:2+R(B]^Q$1?D(AL*
@CW))%Y




MRXA


M)02'3=LV(CDB+7QVWBL)ND=DTI)*O



`#;TEZ?T#4BV
@WD@B
M_PXOZ!N`!Q*809[FE)G\9I29_QE_%Z#=W9?$7XB_H&\`&WI+]2+^@:D6WZD
M-0``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
6``````````````````````````'_V3\_
`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
Senior notes
 at 7 7/8%
497
204
205
4
4
4
912
(410
Long-term debt
3
501
999


        
December&#160;28
3
4
242




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
$ 1
000
000
$ 25
620


        
18
819
        


Cash equivalents
 fixed income securities [Member]
        
        


        
        
        


        
204
286
000
103
121
000


        
204
286
000
103
121
000


Cash Equivalents
 Other [Member]
        
        


        
        
        


        
80
000
56
000


        
80
000
56
000


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
96
902
000


        
        
$ 96
902
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading
 net of adjustments including accretion
 amortization
 collection of cash
 previous other-than-temporary impairments recognized in earnings (less any cumulative-effect adjustments recognized
 as defined)
 and fair value hedge accounting adjustments
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      


 2014









          











Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
35
000
        
        


Maximum processing capacity
 more than (number of birds per week)
35
000
000
        
        


Number of pounds of live chicken processed annually
 more than
10
000
000
000
        
        


        
3
750
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        
        


Intangible assets
 estimated useful life
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        
        


Intangible assets
 estimated useful life
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Estimated closing costs
 percent of asset fair value
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        
        


Intangible assets
 estimated useful life
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        
        


Intangible assets
 estimated useful life
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        
        


Property and equipment
 estimated useful life
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        
        


Property and equipment
 estimated useful life
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        
        


Property and equipment
 estimated useful life
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Estimated closing costs
 percent of asset fair value
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        
        


Intangible assets
 estimated useful life
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        
        


Intangible assets
 estimated useful life
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        
        


Property and equipment
 estimated useful life
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        
        


Property and equipment
 estimated useful life
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        
        


Property and equipment
 estimated useful life
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Number of Pounds of Live Chicken Annually
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Includes
 but not limited to
 weeks in a year or quarter.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 expressed as a percentage.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#
V]&.FD`4!N#[)GT'PFTC
M(P






I19.4HLG(463F*K!Q%5HXB:X(B:X(B
M:X(B:X(B:X(B:X(B:X(B:X(B:X(B:X(B:XHB:XHB:XHB:XHB:XHB:XHB:XHB
M:XHB:XHB:XHB:X8B:X8B:X8B:X8B:X8B:X8B:X8B:X8B:X8B:X8BJT15:#(
M*E!D%2BRA19!8JL`D56@2*K0)%5H
B:H\B:H\B:H\B:H\B:H\B:H\B:H\B:
MH\B:H\B:H\@J4625*+)*%%DEBJP215:)(JM$D56BRI19)4HLA8HLA8HLA8H
MLA8HLA8HLA;_2U;G6T/$IM=__YE.8R[45JS;MV1O_%?SP]!+FVMEJ/KNC.]7
MW3S`G[,OYA56][7OFATXX=PG'MNOV\_/1@]6-\#

DL].PS`
QN](O$/D^^IN2`BAI;M
2+LA5![`).X?M8VC




]B59QC

$V6XS64$]AR`I(CV-P1D#NS1T!N:/8W%&0


FX=DFX:%)






MVN=1NHXV61I?M'_'^_;GR[__^O2:[?[[GF7_M4@@W5^TG_+\^6.GLU\]Q=MH



U*E?

(4\+$9NX-ES

H3
R%!A]8
A1B^TKDGT%Q/FRU=7VAN%:O
L/#HA*
M1_EB%GHRJ&OT\)




M7Q5]#![PW;02QV7M-5`Y*V9*:%`514[$B:LQ02L!`@Q03RQ*4U_:Q41I6TAB
M5FAHE%M(:(\12I]])_]07FP872XZ=P(0E5OJH6`]AB@Y!)?1*`\Z7\YKH)
M%?5YOI$]'A14NM[
(L'\@L_

MIHM/W7*;.HTP]QG

M.@YIT$!ODQ
WZ2#(`P;R:4





M8:4T1L.FH-:EII/G$4S40;+'C.PFG:
'@



;8I@4U#3
7]'I?4(P9Z68'=*PZ.?GE;19D6_B14/Y8]*@^'H\)5G



YH`&5W
MI%UIM=K+






K1%!$MB#4ZI37W#`X

&W+#0*:$F!D2+5
JZ]X&XFL

M0?A)_1S@E2.'%6E[$K+\!DMEI2QCE[%$2(B9)N+$BQ@B(X@@A%W%5IH3
M1!@'0:!]$);A39;*REBRA$X1@BR%EWA)PK4T$;$?^!XG:0)\#^+Q@9(1X3CM



M-)E9V%EA3F?
(FBP%13[R0+P(IZCU(



M.KP0TXZ8W?R!.(KU&

M(;.






M970V.2YX;6R
55UOFS`4?9^T_X#\WO`5H$1)JH:JVZ1-FJ9]/#M@@E7`R'::




C?KG5]?E-R$K/?
MGFC8Z1.GU5?:$R@VM$DU8
_8@Z)^J=017/9?W+[7#?C.O8K4^-C*'^STF=!#
P*.'W<0@KAVG^$
I5GTLZ08
@GDLTH+@Q573`R


*!3Z.$\R2J)129=K
M9TA+W4=5OV)V8

IS

M+;/JD+UI0:&NA=0.LS


]33S9SAG


VL
F
UK


V$'ZOU/\!\;X!V_R








MHBOV-=3]08*BO


MVZ]J!?[JG`

Y;
MET6K

/K_*!XR

M9()B9YGN!4LKK

+ZUF_I!.

M?3#
30#Q`W\*8:P
7=9-9;996+J8:9!N1A0$L\V(0VH@:
!IS6(.2!B9_-@*O&7@V;SAW8GGO*Y[IQ37%@Z*%`YB

=7AMP8=!

L%X8=W]!P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`
M````$`=


M;6R

M$


MI&+UD96BYCOW&Y?NE_W//VUOHGV5%\Z5`Q%JN7
O2C4;SY/YA5=
$M'P&D9.
MHJV8@M?V[






@C$@'

&PO=V]R:W-H965T
M<R]S:&5E=#8V+GAM;(Q6VXZ;,!!]K]1_0+P3L+D$HB15`6U;J96JJI=G0IP$
M+6$G<WV[SNV6'JGW9#3/'
V?.#&:V[UZ;VGHA/:MHN[/1RK
MTI;T6+7G
MG?WC^Y
3VQ;C17LL:MJ2G?V;




M'/FVN]]*@7Y6Y







M;$(0!T9.A5G+/N((!YY!*IL#G


M'$VRR[G)-'^$/6

]N2R:WQ0_!!61!%FDV&AN[I`!HZAWS?F)Q,`SA^%)AWU@`8
M2,;^7QJ'Q,W[V#EI-DD:,J4#:-#1T.#0Z8!'!SXOC&@^8`86
X:H2LI+N`%

8K

`4$L#!!0`


+G58GHP';NR/-2JO57IYI0A+4`2*@+_/W

M














[3.^QU*J['W:4F\E5BA5NB$53)!D**4`IX@@$0`
ME;+-]B.E6TLI[5[UU%%,5DJ)$
Q!3@%!`):8!1M9OI$&H.LVC(P::.X5/+P
MV-%

N13A.I(N


EI83#F&I3F\-M
MSF8SS(+-$9ICYH1O'Q`[)V5A4TY#ZZS6HY
R=#B2VV3*:*6:A;EM[V=:-]64

M]2KGF=&+AD3TTJ
`G)[5GC-I21V$.XAP$&DBMCIE+Y
Z9_]`]X%6
`\L3E4-




M```9````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T

\K9[




&TPD[F^CLFS0.AR;I44?OC*O9(FF&



M(&((P
0L/Q6C1QTQ2S[7%DDH9GQSX]]E*




./SNS


M\*-Y0(?CL*=8'S@(?`O'9/U14S`
P.'5.3WDOZ?-H:A:[Y3OH60XFD.:-7C.

6_:.E3P\9N8-!/SVH9%/=KS\9-^T=J0:2
MR7)/HHQF9EA7V7$U!]IY(NM_(W71:[S`]:;Q(L]:J;RDI%/7`0IE-`'&AE*T
MI)1LGE925%+%RSAD42E9U.QKBYI,06[,*S9+#9QL2A3KR(8#F@,M`HB(+C
MHMO(+&:)91&K9153\&K@E)`.*LWSA!(:0H@W6550@@:7T:+`+2I@*_^PI
MBU*1)BNY2B#Y.1H.:`ZT`JBJ`*B[)X;9@G:N`@$1S0'&@10$241



M))NB!@Z(W*B8K:'!YK+*V=



4(UVGKM

M/N)(/IJ-0+1`6HQ0;]KZ[:4(;T)YI]YDD:T5D)PW`UVC(8PJ27B!TX[@5]5B

M
9$N]0$TZ)4Q+SV.Y(/8B,0
M+9`6(\2)6U#OA-9MHXW[<J!W)I699F+





$QT)1`J)

M0HC(C/:9.?
F^%L%QY'8?Z:42_&12!&J,!P9\DG847WMJ10.-=.U2S\N
M=B\3II6%.[
M;NUU`V?LVH%Z

MW01=2

WC`[?_NL%[O/

M0N5)@1$N3BW'.]1A%AMI+[0C-M'I







HTKVS

)R*[E;QJ
4G-B[0%_LTEOS:/;&7V*^G*M'Z]



H0
Y=JOFIZW]F:T3%MG.;J


M+A4F\;HD2Z#9^;VY%_G

D;=/=IA9WZX'U&RNJ;QL;`V9NQ8Z
M'GU3,-M,HC]+N`HN@U8WW;

2+










/4](7&QPQDKR-+_(
)_7'W^M#@S_BJ.A$@/

PCJ)QF&-:^-K#







MPVPR/NC+@Z-RXUK

M$@.P8D^LV$U

@FEF'8!V;E99ZIW5SI$E+


M


M]XS)YD$%4+MDM6^M_@
``/__`P!02P

P$'U?:?\!\=Z`




%6_AN3_OWZ\Z?E253/



M!M%L3
:3VU4VY&9Y)$JNEY6XN3!\0!.65)]V,@*NL11F.0
M;)!YTU&`A+
MB+ZL230?+8



`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!/:;KNT0(``/D&```9````


M@K9=J96JJI=G!TRP`AC9SF;W[SNV$X))I.Y+@L=GSIRY


P%IO6RI)!*KO#2;5
M3_XB3Y[7NKZ_*'D)$;/CJC9Z0NGY3?:$2@VM$DU8,?804%?2F49_?&^UDW


$*I4BC<?&5Q0-LB#I*?R0F]0HVYM-4%J1]K<@=B([1W$W(;D
MMY#T&L?2&UIZ+U535NCYJ!1.HFQ

`R&)9$F/([$I5U*M$?
M/1@;`PF
:

;DK45EMB?/
%K`Q$%-$




M[S*RE=Q33;-$BCV\88JJ=FV
@:R*:$.(!6YD9Y9[36!L0*I\9:-9XK]`

7DC
MA4Z/\H+DHPG2&447R.@JTDA3'-I.A`&93V!.O7#J^)TNP(V/NG!

M=[IA=N%I_H[=




MH




I1,Q9CJF
;!$:#JQ1T0B$2FA-(IT

/SIJRVDIA]S



''&Z%TA*O2TQ[@FUN]OKR$B2A1)1*-T.[G,D5_+PP[2CA'/N
8$47V1
MZ2P6@WG[H^
BJRT.1]R$1AYA-`6Z4V6=[V@8+\W9-K/^WW0&3_-1YP
/6)VO


M.73




??*_4[(-X3
+E'28X6

S_/>;.X






O!


MJ3+8$1



Y3
$C@NI1@E

9$2:
M/9ZQL55'#AJG
%[79D9C0&R+2R*FV7-MD!IR=J/ZNTT'C:I.$B./-#//1PKE
M51Y;ET(



M

XB#!B'94E


MF=L=KN@%ITIJ69D`Z$(O]#KGV_`V!*8B*SED8
N.%*MR?!^O=S


M

T3N88[9DV#]SZ8D0/
MVDCQQX/B$Y4G24XD



M


M703WH%O?TD401^/?A=+M&)S
@XMK6#D;T'.M@G3
%$67Y?/;Y6=2
%6S+6M;


`4$L#!!0`!@`(````
M(0#N63NAH@

MVXZ;
!!]K]1_0+P'
+=
M=L/XS)R9

M;/S?1/AOMJ]?K:^





BJT3(X'/DDA[*Z
@+'L)L&9'%8!H=C/LFAK*
ZAKTR(#0W
M4LX6`0Q1^Y.\G]W%TZ47K@L


M'



4F0N1+/7]08
MN1/M)K(V#W-+(Y=WUZ$L6R+JX$:).-F(C-?_CX?.I!-8]RTQ:51HV.QDP4
M9T:DPSN##









6Q*[SS-ONJ9#W

!\1L

HG$$6D
M`T)6%XB

8GJQ9I%)H7T]CHA`'.H

M2:RAJ])*\[''C%8T,BW)CN]O4X(,!!5+=N!@3)3C.#U:/ZR0J#M6].EH%@
M_HJ-;:$\J

M3+/0.%35K#JC--VK
Z+T.FL6$B^8US!EMC3
K'./HG6VGI#W4)3/O)8%MI;9
MLMZ#4


MVS)FQE]!$7J33FT!__6,B4PKW'!C,;9+\H]AD\S%`8%$]^5Y%URH'JW]@4


55MOFS`8?9^T_X#\7@Q)2)HH


M$.5*U1N
99+3DDB7U[22,9%211\BB.6M:`D-8O*`L\\;XE+PBID%3;B(QH\
MRUA]SPYE;125D30@BCP+W-6RT:M3#XB5Q+Q?*IO$E[6('%@!5-O1A0Y9;)Y



9ZL?C`-


,=;$VUGJ`<,'RO.M#HQ
&X)9;TGH
FVCKH`0
'JZL.-#IQL!S5P)(:!^MA
M-&ZBK8


'W239
M@V%)*S
'HQF);:P[-'#?:T4#V/WM]6TOO9**(XUI44@GX:?*W+G1MD7MJ[&#


EDV/FS`0AN^5^A\0







M'KW72:!ND`*+/%NR]G=@]T!2XH6J[V&-NXCZ#'&&.U)9*_:CDN0_[%V@%
M6%]V"VS;?`62I[T7Y&9L.@T)E2ODM#$,`9




Y6=R3NC)0:.8;!P$)PP;GX
GFYX`K1T@'I5GZ$UFD7J10:3





4Y!`-1)S&*3=/S]UMV!<=.



M%!*^=N=`7#M6'/5#31W0





!Y0

MD1E(`$P


M6IT=@I9#+2O@U%HZM1[BJNC&!WY&MR@?ET!

F3
#((
MAP1
FM7P@X2*CDF
-45


^^3]N72!S2



M/G$N'U]4`?
;9_L?````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`+3VEF4D$``#;#0``


2YX;6R
5UVOHS80?:_4_X!XWX#-


&W#E(


M85!MZ)/HP)'S5P']


$\@JB.R%40\01Q@
-&`Y!0:EJBDYTYT




[PY

HO;Y:P&A2
`EQ@[$H5&?3#WV$L^?


M%SFRHG+4F.!T!(WE3
+8T*!
!WBQ(@(Z5WFSF'=_'BLE'SOH\@).
1$D=&
M53(-06//YY-X+KHD:7J!4;&Z8@92T):K[@
@T1!E'HSSSUHJQK'UF*'[S3


**47%6+'F==PBBJT_^7=`2I81ZB

6_5_@1Q6!K=#<`/G
^/+Z(`-//LL-_````__\#


M3W\]?]EN7XZTA\?G]\=?7EZ^O3T]?;[[LGVX?3[9?=L^ZBN?=D\/MR_ZWZ?/





CYR^Y[\^G^8^_^


L;3\Z)'_OLG)G)G)CJ<FOCJ

MPGFBZSO+72*71/_^6--!L_I9Z3\?HNCJS;O3?_0]XBX350(B7U%UBN1](NFW
)'.]0#+;M;=B.9E#$M2Y




B*14JJ?CTX)#
_`Y@(C-*#Z^25TCU


MDAP($
5'

.#=SX



MX

M@H8%30M:%K0MZ%C0M:!G0=^@05#T86CV86#U8&;!W(*%!4L+5A:L+=A8

\-^KI*\[&5'

%#@IL%+@


M`@L%'@I
%+@HL%'@H\!(@9

M!(8*')7
TM1!_7SO9N^A[Z!D-A]J1S)37;-+_4Q9_YAF
%K@M
*SGOAD#Q?%DJ'/4<\'&81



M3WR@+Y:&/O

MDJD.#E5!:B!UD`9(
R.NB/31]_.;8C6:N\XM]-`&Z8!T07H@?9`!R!!D!#(&
MF8!

?X%8]R4T4Q^?)
M=


&F8!





M6JAA`50EHM
KT#EJN`P`'0*`A5=UBD(5/19IR!0T6F=@D!%


2,R;T@+-
MEB`KD#7(!D13P[JJJ0%$IW6Z`Q6]UND.5'1;ISM0T6^=[D!%Q_7^#53T7&<R
M4#G7?S(_8EHDJ`S%H
F50L!TT2J.B^)@E4]%^3!I6@:)56F2%)?)





<U.*B]QH<4-%]#0ZHZ+\&!U2L``T.J%@#&AQ0T78-#JAH

M#9HZ2`.D=(:8-T0+H@/9`^R`!D#(&8-
0*8@
Y!Y1@[3Z72%:?:IQ=D9
MI]
+=+($68&L038@&BG64:'M^GL(H*+QFB%0T7K-$*AHOF8(5+1?
P0J%H!F



Z'X&*


M6M@5'G&Z

ZDAEUJGZD.NUH%J8'401H@39`62!ND`](%Z8'T008@0Y`1R!AD
M`C(%F8'

*\+ZT'#!AE@A
BXUT
MX9F)#;OV/BXL3\NN9RI05

048@8Y`)R#0C


M0$7[-4B@8@%HD%B5!DD!^4&2KLK!$G^(6ZZWLP$B%VV'A=6I64!8DD-FCI(
M`Z0)T@)I@W1`NB`]D#[(`&0(,@(9@TQ`IB`SD#G(`F0)L@)9@VQ`-VL89H6
M0%4B^JII@89T5M


#2_TDT?VESQBRHUTGQ5='+E=^U]

MR`AD##(!F8+



0(8@(Y`QR`1D

M94T5J.BSI@I4=%I3!2IZK:D%=W65+$J3942E/E]/G+=OM2NWVY_?#N8?OT

[]K77
M41)C;2NPO9OMMS^20U+S#EQW[2;F2&'\VCT,V53#S]_/QTGW]K+]=='Z?J



M[7]DNM/N\N7K^T_[[O1NIOA\.!YN?[E)IY/3_OZWUW-WV7T^FKJ_J_EN'^9V
M?R33GP[[2W?M7FYW9KH9+32MN9DU


_N0N


M%LOR+#-:D:ODU]UM]_1PZ3XFIC]






1R


MBJL(&H7;WT?Q?#3.63?)4.?+]9%P(Z
OH&K%C^BG;:JKP3L^?YH[(`ZO'A

LF`$O@:KY`+6=S?
Q^9#WD151DE50-8K*H)!13W



MBO8


8966HD-R\9'
96Y!?-9@`QS8DY\*:CLHW@^&I=R



BNDBI1-T,K;223W,+BN+J,@OF&^?1@DA3
M4C?AD1^741=Y%-4EGI34I:CA#@;_<`<CHQ*-,ZS22C[-+0*.(H.Y!30V/W2-
MW3'.7?RD\U'LFG(+YD,J!8V71)6QCY*;A7HIAEP8G:38(0/2^M.^?YGP4
MKY;&I1VUM.`8YI%SE]5E]/&E

*79[Z7N_MSX*%XMC<M4
M.TZD%9&EI[C#Q'C\OD0R)%=8DH)74IRO?P2MZ[VQ7WUQ7SH\9(J:2#
[32
M=;^O]AH'(
6=Q(I9

BEJ#%QI:1QH$^.PJN\$[*O

M
5(I=/:.%/H8!^59_`$ZM%1B7J9EBE:_DTMZ8HWE'

MZC(+YD






71N8Z&]'5ZTTT
M*NH=H)5#M:KR7JQ:'!)/E



M36OY1*CBL7&F-(W



M2P
$%``&``@````A`


M?G%V5;W_/746UX^2'[[PDD&UH4^F`WLAGDSHYX

M_BZNGQ@_G36T.S9+
I%#)OCK%=S
`!R=OMC?*S_H\]:?)[


M55$S;&0-9'.$10RES(SSWGAM#)@56)]W9#Y/-\$S56K@QXP(:Z#8K:B`#2

&1IF]('SQUPLWECW?JPIMT7B9:DW9H]X0
&+4;(
MA8


W6G=@T6\;/U.B9-)
!$0T;PN-
MQ:JCQJ-.7&4.963=-W541TW079&VA4'AO2HET@C3OL^BKO-N0:9EN]W9VY&


O

MP!'0G9Z_WS)%L
NP


M96]_9MN








`L]'
R48NRJ-6(31Q!R#/S$

X;L.*(T'9E9

U&T'C



`/=9KR4RE&I5@6\U$EON'
V+*3
I-BO
`
&N&N_5A-UGQ\^`H/P^&

??MVJ_
M`\5[;)J;J?&DX@/?1VWM\






.D=R-


RK

CW3&%IZP.!
CQ@HB
MNZ7
$`



M3:I(L`?8S%*%S8&#C]0C;&:I4F8M55284&%*A1D5YE184&%)A942FE21&*RQ

A%^_J'C'R
:9\4


M(6KZ$#5KHV#CPU&=MU$LJHN'J.5#U*J-LGRR
*X?HC:ME+;(HLU`R
LH;3=H
MJD]=4NGON
*SR&3LUZU[YGU&#)@R9


MXJNBKBC:8T[]3IB7*5-FR*^0AVF:S#EKM&#*DBDKY)A




RYX










ZC;]


&W/

MQR`VJP%&F+;CZ

(B-E`P&S?6W2S'(96^688AINRQ!

M7


M5!QJ!;0

@XYAX)#





MJ+MSK6OUT6=`M!Q#






4@
MDH)D(#E(`5*5U*GIJJ2(

`!*1`Q2`*2






O



M.`)F







MXA!S2#BD'#(.^064X]

0RY!33'UJ*5W
M5L&W*A70

M0\PAX9!RR#CD'`H.I0):)NG.Y*-
-B_?C6EH7\\



M`BUV*8CV#4\U


M

I+L@-;-RLUY<B/%`?)``

M0@VE5)966HT$=Z/-TT+*:'=Y
.C&9]KW7/NT;=V%]$EW03P0GS4\FRUFK*H.
M8*

0
M@4NC4M)UXYN+VS74CW@/Q`<)0$*0"0&24!2D`PD!RE`2E7TS#:%BY+9ZZ51
M%C3:8,4I1`;UV5H++BZ(!^*#!`A2`02@R0@*4@&DG=RF2#FTSG_^*+00X3A
M6/SJ66HARH\Q3LEH6@JG:$^D!60.JJ'KHQ*G=0-:RYN^P[JU=,#\4$D!`D


MB_(9]5%*;,,B`OB@?@@`4@($H'$(`E(I*!Y`%2*F*GM)/BD7S*\5B%Z1F
M%HI%B/%`?)``)`2)0&*0!0%R4!RD`*D5$7/+$T.0U.'V3@;K'!%[(+4C
K-

#58'9L^XBW,L349H_62BWI%IR

M%E*GI*6:7(;Z!-60RJMQIX`]T%J9F5F_7B0HP'XH
$(%(!!*#)`I2`:2

$(%(!!*#)`I2`:2=]+=


M4!D`@D!DE`4I`


M8?2GN9Y^2O!0$6(U#G-%/^'(I_A=E)I_N5TO+L1X(#Y(`!*1`Q2`*2@F0@

ME*KHF67EW76ND/79)W

%?2O'




T_
)2UV0$_-):UY
M0
_

ML!W$3M
6:(&BZ.-
R[1%1!(%DHF3O^^2E!Q2






M
6CB([87$+






-^L;4I\-)PUZ`

MG*O^04_S\P^?]3\```#__P


U&\5KSN

^&JO'EY


\;9^-`I/WV4




0(TI*;ADPSD.0PR%KR<5ZD

!)Z$:'7S[DV2-([HVDD2A`4
M]#1#SZ6;2-$;X3


MW`3
B)%11!`S3Y6$




4



MFI_X][PYE75K7?@1EKJK&(2ZP?LN?NG$M;^'/8L.KJ_]QS/\+L'A^N*N`'P4
MHAN_@`8XTR\=^_\!``#__P


MFZU-&\1NAQYIF9984Z)`TDE]&]KC@`'#NF&7`;OM

M]DA*LAC+2](&&];5AT0B?WS_W^


MRSPA






4WEO#USG:WVW3P!F3QS25\_TJK67?Q!A0R&D^7T-JA
M_7Y*/8=



G

F@AT8LOG_SV[
F+KS[]_;O')?!M@4=%^)!&1*);Y`@=\`AT
X9Q

+2L?V


MJ[!
R



^46YS3IBI=B!F?'




0P/


MI0AQ#/_C\7Q]9R#$5H;R[;YTC62'&VK]X^N)YO;&R`^C31C6TJ.WI2$.]8




M$VQ0+?-R7D6_AQ+5A,-;F_VGILK,IV)NR5VYO@)^6388





2]
7P8#6[BQD)2-

!6GH79CJ&68W?)WCW@V\\3[2()=H!
M@6=;.X;B814-$HE]5E?WZ]5]MY1D51(G2]7LT[$'I_MX@\296*=+6(7$6F


M.M'UB.1-XM&6NS.?3#;V2Z.IB&`&!;3Z\65!D#&^G6T5*\(I@!@/IM=SR8+
M38?_H[S8/0+9G,Y&0UL5(1C(J@C!0%:-9D^)L0H[;@/'*D(PD%41@H&L&C5R
M$JTZ']RJ

^E5%H-;%2$8




M@E'A



6B@]



MADJ1&
-0.3(WA394BD00ALJ0V!)#I4B

B2RQ+3C%*GB;=-X$Q7MGT[F\T8;J



Q=.SE
`$*[O



BMES(ZTE'D%@M`Z!GVEIG:#MEGXH;+%[BA-A=93PYB;%

MY-8'G\O74&_&\U.`1*G

L#'R/6'#$

MN?=T=9!QU/9PWC0LNGI'6^[+IR'[%=U8CPDVQI9L&Y[?P\M6+WI8Y?2D^#




M^:=H4F^46
X2H)1$TPE=



P)Z^T@
M\='20^8IAH_023^W1D[J)IF0CYFAT9W\N0\[+$


\N@+:*P
99L59\](BNI7'[(8]24DH^U8^W+NBTUA\$206R




0!WW63G6X#C83I-9%P-H8.7



;GU696L;+[5
MV-R&9

M3-O.!/'QP

8^@;F?_Q(:41B7GG^4XN


M_P7*'-L-7CU-].7H



S0`S@-%W`\Q3N-_$



BW'?'




MK[TB;6:\F


M05%^Q&O


];A*SS^8[!WXB':9B@5E$^JAF;






M'PQ'2Y/3VN!9#'/7
*_T




MK%YA8+J4J+6;/-%2]^G=


MO)RULL%91'

M3+N6/WRQ[8@6P6




MF*KB4


MUR0M9\K[M[XG!P]\AJ
8[_
)2C








M

M/AD-*65$YWU



[`^K?[=YNLD:2/B]+3\.
M^Q

M--F__:_T4^@'Y(TFV_27)1H0LPQI2@KP=`\O*`6

M5-7C$S8O'52-I[=4XUQZER2^$:6^;3U\;#LLM$%[.=!G#$*$N9XY[6OIJ-@
M50[.UFFT651)H1%](Z([P?
4'@N1



DQ:[[D\G[$@%5)^KMQF*RH0\P8$#H


MT*
$5S$_2VU(YI

6+;_J3$4([NSS_[:/7K_?W'S][




IUQB2=];S;L'B)(M

MB7FQG
+(:@N8EL8F!?QT;J*MZ[D871
;`*S=[G42@?UJ-P$ZY;L0.!PZ9C-[
M[#5P)
$LI;SAV)H[(&KL^4!_V=%





2&'[&.\']0*EC#7M'89`_Q%/!#



2^T!`IN;

;03R8SPZ#1
)&YM!TKJB+95Q.D(NQA!`RA.YM

A9TP9P&/F`;*W-#Y4
M

B7[[
O-*O*1
MIQ&.
S3WQ+[GGX_K_5PMBIP`\7JDY^WY5ZC.:&)'4+K)4WMZD#U=[3OX35D`






&QMLXC=
S'=]9:G'
M5EN16P(0RC[*R+_OJPT'TY!GXKM47!637'G-$YP3?:X:5L@(D_'XYN4-JR

104*G0O9D

%I
2
C!)X43F3=O$








B&:.D[=#UI





M&[.Q6D*%I#A'#D/B5/#0MGSW]10*0ND8



PJK=7Y


-A862%GBDDRG)G7T^BET70ME$#J
$T6:AB7DR3$*2;XY.UTU

Z7X2
/!4E;^S:`I$VHL#Z


MSC#28DA)(7T
#VD$


.??*Y:]@9_


20T_743O-7W@.R]W0;`?=9D?)R


MXI
I

X&3N_%*XDIDS^!V7DA*1)@.%
MKSK8[

M


MM1E_9+=CI@1]
_LCYUQ;'B@M(PLN/)S8I`/-P[(I;


E5@3]9






M]^?N&GQK6M@CYHR.!'\M3OVV6SZ=!26!L]TK+LVCK*C

MY^++TL^




`ZL5YZBUBK
M&U




M0!SW762C;*&T*(V`++9ZZV*1+?/3JC/F[GKI$S8P*&^_R
65;4LRZC^CJA

M)).Y
ELUU$J4E-FMS+=X'W(D`TKSD

M7T2T9O0C7(:4A!1!B\PEA



AD)/X@WH:C8H-7KIPB?N5UAR/8$2FF9VJL;=
MKO.)=:.D


P3R$UKU_4


[

M2XVZM05#ATXBZU4/5L5P*R\BY9`








2U\/&

3BA



MG230;S8$T9DO

MZ&6A:2O&$_`/)2*)7=Z+;!8.?)B_X[&SO$CL9G$P2

MTEH^P#*]PC^F1;7A:E



MEK(XB;*J

;`\I&URC


%U)
!I3^A1'@!KZHY#RY1H
MS37T'HH[7
T/*

W9$3)6]WL;G!B`_CY`


5P*%)$:5011SE]6*9WY
W\5B8(HPE@$







UN[QP?[`?XU]GM,-5Q^$I
MK(;D.AV^M


M-!AIO1KSVBK%Z=\*;E`4=:*S8WDIP*0PPJIW
#W
<


5TA'#+A?F!FN;S!V`ZO]^

4YK\N#MV



M'0(8H-06#2_5ED/4*R9(7L0#NXH4`P8WX_+U5=;
;WY3K[#GN!4S$+9%:OO6
M/B0[$J.%B9U^T?




UR/TOJU
2%Q
ME&=S5%KJJFI7Z?`:$B^NEZ`LC$#L:0D_O(T`QE_*X`Z`5*\.!YD4NF-]!]HX

M&/F5*
`N6ICI9'!;YSW4$N7@\@6=*[_S=5
DPK2M7VO_)[\NYLZYXL^+A)ED







*'4VIGZQ]O3QT_4O=[9:

GDC^
L)2

M.Z_(A^Q)2@5'@(11(%GG130)5=[*VEOSPSDZJ^RW9
%?IUD+[JV
\GAE0'




M_.A\

M^NFK@2&!;E)86HVKNK20XK^.*0LC
C@7ZG-$O0MK]KS?I8)5=2NJD
J%4X





B0?(X8/T#.[+4_?XG?N7\IT
MM%0*/!4&

CW?ZL3IK*/:-:)@.NZT^L2Q;$_*2HDCV




M-M#OIS])73;KQ2':_L==(EGU$OQS\Y4S^Q&4$(]Y1.2(`'ZF1ITUARDYFA._








MCN%4/A+FKX)R^1=5MXIU(!C2B3^I18-^N\89!247Y)K5(/_RD0]6.&5R14
MV55]^
VLQ14/+VAC/ZJ$\TOG&&2;__I?T6O[
*';F!(B[2V9(
.&V[/;G)5+








2
A75

!D/VI`YYG:C!:HM.PA
7B+
M6M2&%

2]
VPFI
M9-G6/H*ZHL@!;AR`GI




]&N'ZPX\^#^8LI2]FF__S\Z99XLK^]7EP7L

M;%8*FM4%QZTF50U*Q#L1E&D6`JFTKBYFZVEQ)(F^`K&4GKIA@L$_D&J#4BVX



UC3+*^H

UKI[QB\3C]3%$/50S4+S8C

MJO?50I[4[X^7EQ?6-U?JQR]J'G+_Q/)1#8#2;U6IG
[BFD^?)Y7YAM-#(:?'

K?8-.EKXD:A..B0&+V.PV]F$-S/'F

8_[8+




=/S1;G[Y]/$EF0OU

MRN)

M9WJLK7)2*?2)

M7PJZE+-NO'@_XXL/+NY

PH


A^
!Q`%UZ/$3D
M)9[85QXQZ6)#!-VKT&=()^P]H3B7YS2W.*9KEUHG7




M$^P#S;VL



I1G

\J
T6

M7_I%6$:Y';O%.I7R

&G&0+ZS?@
_<(3;X<+

M)FM9KY



U

0-)B*=V=OA*


M)7&2:V#.U]UE3L4!@GUT_OZ(
4^30^[N2F



I+C*N4J3BW[

MIH



C11D<9R8IJ@$P(/WD9S!1NIC^PFK$


M+LSI0-*()91BCN0-U4'8T9PB`LJXM^I632V2F%
%M+$-OJ:%/XEBL@*3H9]
M#5,8D\-4TR5-21FXI2(I#($*!T:_%WBCH5DZZJJ!V-SWI`UTRK2TF1M0_T;E
M5P*'Q'EH_H()F\JJ'':2'5X?%D5@H`2HV*5%YKF]I&C!43)&W:HK8LF0E


;1BY

P=D!=R]=DE'





\H*O<@*B2XN'HD,3B:L;^IR&
MPZ-B$PKFA/C9ZDV5T&[%
9+AJ:

MTF6/#R!U;BY2B(LCC
F6DGP]*`(36EW




M%#\\\S/)T4`QR;*U;-Z2DFITB36++BP&!&U'K$49$XDS=_&KUNX69D=K=R0-
M[H?4


TC@3S0@'*



MB*AX
WW_F0L&9[PK
B


M8XT`!'S&CV=!=F
\MLDL


H7AQ3
9YA8

M?WZ-NP1Q?:FH*!Y.LHXXG/'YMS98\.6:XAI[3(HT(N\/J1C%O&:]24FBT^CC



3G


M_H7.N&)_T)&VMYWT=%:K0[X':X/FV&&[[$.FM+Y.YK2[UV1.8Q7\W=G3@YNL
==083*Y`A*#N=U-/EH<^:&QM=?)/30^U_@3<^#


M.:E;AF!WCA4;HV

1^@:RQ:



MF);UHN^?WZI8%3&KG5(Q@A]$[9


MW1D#VINM#

OZ0L&J7=G-V-^D<
;QM3TB6[)FX:'IL'PPPQT\2*C+;Z,`93C
M.W7;D8,C^\@S80X*%'.%Q]['P1/MM9FB]:RRP-Z4_0%#VPL47OE3AH@-_DT

L

MZ!N
?UQI?
$QS


0(:3?KY+)^=.?_QW5SNOM8[3!!D.I2(Q4H0!X%NIX=+'.D.Q1
M_H:X=9M1VK^H[$Y]]NP/6Y1HVQ7,^'@/<)8=<3T[=WQ^9__%\F0-
#@Y^GH

POL7)U%`+GN9S!2A

'QC8-!@45XH#(3O!




Q4E_66(F$B'AH+$3O;$^O

M.

MNA\%1*:1_:#^BU'E*^2)HT;D[0V=H1R'44L&IPEK?KF%MXT3TF4(2#:K4VW
MG!/1[!OE*_VU\ZM%PA)1
3^VYP.HP0`Y=UP304#/+'3;:





]1
MD*';OQ4
S$0







MHSC$
AH^GQ.^,J'8J*^\Y@O15K$4*6._FQ=*0<H_5

:L/

M





\*":93$
MX!N@'A+GMM%D5WM`IMGBHMNA6+[P0V279@&GB[0C0T%P'//?ATSO!?60L^A^
M@7J+F)4[#M+1QP.

M2(H?!M[2B%-WK5'%`0N'[5D.FODR+]6ZZXH#H:J1-@?&P+(J*9H+8^E+@P_7






H$0)[1VUGD&W:2G##?*TA

KT'CT
'+P
3?S9'Q4
4?$ZS(5PZ*R3PIKA0_%_Z(SR#@@^85O#'V=




%#6!H
#FM3ZPP2FG!%TK)P%QF(X<Q%+$7B^OW4;3.KS'ASNA(V/&
MX;R[O\T4:-MZ


MH3X-$*:R0+`66.:(S248+#6+Q

3U;E(W]Z0-&RTF
KT@W:#0K[J_45B/^
A
MR)AVKS'X)!C[4A






N[M;?L0U=CU.*D[
MG*EQB&#G@CKR]`CRA^A/M/F(TUJ[*:@GE3*;`X]Q67*0J.A+\9!D8N2Z2V



M-087T3N[\S

%@4S@
K?G#97&





$MDDS
M`C[6N

6%3F^-B?Z8ABSX9GS(TEV8B)XQ3:E.Q2$48
`U$\6



@




O++#0;N(?Z(.2H]0G2G1L/M2JF\`#./%[O90IKRL]58]KYOK


MWW.:J(=W?MMG$^P7E7V@CNJM.$+4FI&D\7UOE8-V%_/&=&SW'KJ)R?.9#$[?

MOIR9]UKD^!;?





/6LY7)#`

V`^5+J+R\MWJ-.0[WLJBF`5]AN6


M%*X$&S'G+FMQC


8@73!Y`D;2*T_0#

O:\%0RDI'4=!A0V!UN#-`1D`6^2%:%_59/


MF#(X@+[JE



K

M5!)Q3[%764FJ\T9QTD(_;RV1R/-:#A&



1LVS.


UF






MM!
R;$?Q4W&[8L3.2.FK.)[[A




KI`!]DW6I:[C4


7

@-1!9NX'
MK_O\0L?M4')8
*P`CG'1':1)!(3R^Z@J9W;*78I)-5G8]S0BM
4)V-V0QB
M^RDTE:ZBI5BMR\54U+(R.R@DS*B/J#()^K(Z8`O;


/(`A)?S#LE0T]-V14*%-%3DX?+W]N]^\?OE\
M1WT(=G[_X^[A'VLM8




_+

M@L[=@P@BY+:TN2

U2DRC!Z'-DVV7RTF.F;QRIJ1(E=(
M!_Y`LF?!TK`[KYD_B`JVZV/S#_
)$G/N4;/.-_(\&&\&GW0Q-B`B)1Y*?#R`
M'^Z$?X

M@PO#7)R^P0''0JTU30




F=\L#+CCIB@M;J)G


M1TW4S3B5HR









%%86RMBP*V\0W

Q(\
MVQ-I;_#7B1S/9MD6-/;1N\R


MEEPIP/G#M7J;(.6TLKQ;U8_

M+/[8OT+



+2?C;9K&Y8HSG]]$4YO
MZ

&K483RXN+W5T#5]8E`#=
M



PGC4:=#3LIE


M6%WL+2ROGZ
&IB@X*%&T5]



M;HZ68D8NX!
B)3$K51?*[2LPOU*&YE6D=%-*
TW

:6;1K*T

MY+]QRH^[V0F^B[U+?2T(95
S3)/@;0O&R!2_BB4.)%$LMQ5M#1)WMB+`ZF

/

MSLX^X

M%[\9!G8CC([\L5


M%GS#


M

M

R1/&LW(8?0(?@5[R:K+-@B
2CFM`1%5VML&CK4OA21ZG;!
M&K]9W\B1*-*%/.PD41^WC6F
G@*Q9L&[@9\[8@\N@EY$)B3UBX#H#YLP/[



MYCV-K=#G4QP2*

62H$
.E[3MC;QV#4
MS=`Q\3SF7C^1350Z;

M$

;9$`/%\L/KI^^-:JH:-WZR0^2[A$XQ'LM^JCOA8Z/NQGY

!B/?P]C6JGXG
M-_'R7D`MO_W$:XGV?K?NQM/Z^43!E/6/NG#U;\/%A\5LCJTSA#ZVGJ-\7*;'

7;5-
MBSX].2Q1V1(B60&J4*#(?WL\PUO35V):R'J2
-!`(OZZ1TM_J82J&L
9!6




TLSL:[N'+(5$IJ)
M-J)7J((D*T1:64C7







O9G\ZB+&F-1*'355$W/PY



MV#^=7V


LW
CPQB@AEN&8
HI1





<JT6RK.ZW




W!!ZQDA[(%

MA*/?/



ZN
L

\N!_*K;H8J748

MFKW

+U9+QX7U%Q
P\I)`YA3K'P*5\_'S.D0-F[*/AJ`!3Z9A_K&!`I=M&BB



M(WL91*)$]/6^_\$Z^)5`48*=7.+X:(#]=1^T/6(9,WP:@OQ


<
MIVS=E9PN,\Z=J6H2#:M4Q`^XZVIT`SDG9:V;W6MXU3`&FF0!XS'FJ\)H);1I
MF:PL#@E(Z,H%D5;%?X*ISVQR0?E,?+:D3^'^!?IM-%Z437XEM`I6+$M
QR!

MPU6RORU:U+7V




Y
5\NBPB

K`?ZQC.JX[!#M1I=N\ZOBBOO[(X0S0\?



M)R8^*`7`CSK-A]IL[





[WZ^^WB9H[@


/#A


MDZ'0BKOSVFJ.;A$%]K_`\W4R$
$TW3P+1'!?000M*H#*8&\ELHOD=5RK!1R
M'2Y&S+%LF)SC0.*)DDFBB
)C0$3L



A9C10B1T.&RAC^F


M9#=`X9U93Y18RU
T))X;=GNG-9`P634LKL$P2O2MHZU!MZMVGS&3#--!F`(5




/IP;A(;S


W96L](0#510[B*,!I!U@U65J8)*.ZIPOSS-&\X.(]'&'KXO84B0Y2




4.ZE`V
M.[Z!-5BK)4

$:5'I.N9P?
M$.'8VS\OX%?4)Q=.F)*!%%*NP_FH'`V\'(F!O^WMC#49W5)FY#U0:M0HD`C8


-'5
W=WAL1OL_U??W'9(-T/

MP.V$U
7U]KBA%X8.=UW'FZ_$):9
R/


MU/0`N












M@-%_`4=FI7='%004Q%B20YB=\;J)&%T`BY3.-ZZSY2A_-SS\R^AH@+OO+RE-


_



M'F
/+J



M6`;?3UQ/SDH]6$\ES:OXRUUG9SN6.(7[0'+/W9NX5*P?LX4H5R

4$G.F
FRTOI@;TR%)D9F&1Y;:&
M#0?






;N+)4`*D-W7?R.-`I7





(QR8LL
!CE/
%

M#?*E

`'4

M(&3E-8O&0JU=X.*['AP*_)K`3R(*JW(V


MT





MR7#O;\A1]H_CO:
AE57^
8A7K67M7-S.YO7&)C*WMTHU4QVI7=A_!_2??ZP'


T7


A+TL0T&.K:^?/ZZ'GKE^?/U^K?F=!
S&`_/?L2(

M:]^U7X8TOGKUHC7&QK
G+S9:/54`'_'HT09HND^\%XK@H4`%I)$:%I*YH)&B


QP?




MX_M'WX\.47FV1N
?AF]V=7N6./5E6$@-ILAGT='+AL.RTGN.PS32-W8?^E9[

-H[VC\TBK'$
I_Y^G%C5T_4)T+
MS7QE$4CXVOE9&`+4Q@B-P34M^BPONK`@
HGEPT


-=#




OOMS^NKNOQL-CH;_NB1E';NU9F57
MA@


(W+!^M\Q]%Z@[!/=:QKCK
M\^
(V!\_8DOF6BA
M1.D.6;:<[45(FQ1U'R(#OD6H

MR'$M%#C:W_K+]_N[



'@7*D0?]-QSX;B`2_R41]+Z9P0^_W&%I9.1X;Y@FZ4V
M+M+MMBJA2.'.O9_J^V?P9_#?@EUVY1JMS^8NO]:W2RT12VMPKW5;(KOE^O]7

M(F8B7-*6-2[4:V%='LAF-T;IHZ#/68='
V^WT35_&+?3&OM=K.&MLGVXZ&5)




M1+[3M]\=(@A0Y`Y
QE9_-F/M]6+67[XP]W+]^RAM
'8--WOKDX9]0[Z&PF99


MCG6\(\P83+OURGAIGEZL[1ABNGXQI?!C`4`R8;YY3TD[Z-1=+3]WS]U5HG



<`:'SKN
DOM




*
[=1_9B)CLW/5T50SU#'JWP



W.5L7(+N

M=MW/^O2?#=X1H_IQ-B#AK)VL*Y%CI1T_

Y3`ON]?G4]




M
:D5YQM

MPOFMZF*',@,'+&M:65W3!;#M[VST9//D9:/4ET81]]D`$M.E=V[[4XNEY5


M73(\\%.]5=5:4\B'@A:K
'`;MC]7G+]2@AR8EJOQWXU3=%*`1B52@)%+V\3)B<,*X7%<O\OGHQ,4GM
M_J,%F`6\I:1!GH1&A*HMA1&(QW6-6P^='RJ)T

MLO)NK#'Y$`4+`F;=K]-C8(-6NV*DP0:N+*F1=?J\?VG#:-BYR@FGI6QF]1
M9D;JTQ-/X6S3@4;F:GER2^1F%EON39_H';^1\:=CNE5RUSH)N0E,?2.]H3C
M5SE*T73,N`N5S(=]JV#?H+)CZPK`_*.%D%/[\6M%
%#$N(E_REMK!T/W]A5
ME^VD#QZN2WNOP%;I&']H6ONSEH$UEQ92;J('58`NEM9VI]PY`OF4:Y9QZ(D(
OGA_9K;';`69GYU9B4JD&B\)RKR<5$[1I/6SPP8!8W
M)+E8[7NV!4/SBAL=ULXCJ\9XQ5[[:E7U4ZNVZ9(Y[PM'P+.CN=T^G!R_IX
M&C

MU


VH;!\+_BM^.FP%ZE-Y<^W(SD%+*
M0$L&0SOW&$(#EADM#K_??W?;N2+4N6+3M^:XFLE797J]7^'./Q@PXVJ*DO
MSZ_JL*9D'8@P^Q%=5;#XZWZYXT#.XHS%*G5Q9H?V-R+$Z)^=J)ML@X9#:




M(T'W[`G[!(?/KZSA0//E0T\H%/=A/8X&.+551]PBR6*).&-9M4!?%0L&V07&
MS$J?J:C`Z+FK
NRKH6:(L\F8FBSS4-%$&3B4\Y$3!7-
HSGLW2%@6JOQ]&



M0-
FD&AH2'':#`UI6Z(D

M5'$%6+#&K)(`U;7%JDD/N'-
+14WZFXFQO:Y.*R:'54(J6!Y
[$@\_V/
/3-

=.I;'SA:P.]GAVCL!G-G_8\F4#BP
M$U^A?37

J44V?$-U0E!W3$?ZJ

0&?AU=F`&OV/);3C7X7_3CD]!B;

M/$-E6%AT4?B*YFLUI^VBGCPQ0![Z-Y
P3IDROLCSN-%RU1(NBL$\?I4'.)*QV$[-*P^WZN]N
MNR5(XP0*!Y.7#7=X3GA<VB9^ZC)#0GJ%QF/8L0U3C#B6[T)+TMX^%4*V_!
ML/0NS&H:?G3HI!(E6]YG$JA=RM$(-[<CY





M0!
@!'FJC:
(5!1%PXMG1

X3

MEK
%K]Z-4-ZN








M\K!0V1$\'T\1)
\#SL=F9

WLOGVPMT:#B$ZKUB`@9AK<L!-G`.,1&FF
M8W50^V::FDQTN5.CW28:Q25,$4[ZSD;;)=.WR]E5MZ
./J



_`^!7M0:':(%22+Q&/
MQ?W-Y:A4)A5*6L:9/51/%M`OX;0VH6T\080$]*8TY%

6RKWCZEKST$_BIS['#3S13&^D;.OCKU%



=D
(
&4B#]`)-
Y^



=

NX&&'1LKD02Z&28./

R*+O3S(E5L^C2+5UF5T9]6






MY0MC(
LUX.9N+#5P/(.N*Z4*C/\SP(WQ.T+I'@E6Q#Q3:G*`@YZ%`:JLN]+[

M`P!02P



D

/J8@6]Y<6AI9VR)H(V



M=L0Q'W%8R33'M


BYX;6R
F-MN

M^L33Q_57R$EC)5*H*2MAJJ!44^2];@8S8#4WS#C.KUS&1S'.VW1$FN\Z8F



M$G3`8N[
4#NLW/XTR=
)2H^QB50LCRYE0Y%JK`B&`*

M6&#![8=#QQ8TS88BV((#!!MQX(U0
M08!WDNX\R35%12\+S(;Q0F6R:F;J:%
MD7A[KS2:95*9SJO)@EO







R$0/6A70K4H)T[N!/R

MY_K8=^=Q]6QW4'(
M^#Z#`A_PEA5_3/U%WP<^]Q-<FNH_#W`;WL+%7WP/XEW?3]<?ZAYWOE]_^A\`
M`/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`!#^P.1J!@``?AL``!D```!X;]W;W)K<VAE


MOD$7S]6EZG\

MFO-VM5U!3T^/APHR4






MR=OKH&10GP3IUOE!S6;@LTRQ(!C(#0%G!RN?MI+JJ5Y)*X0[W703J7
$`U









%


MA!'#1FK!)T6A&DW56(35_V=UI'JGC).U-T&MR/4786^KJ9

M:#7MTWPS0C@APIABK;XFY-._3JYJ+




(DEQK8Q1
M3JV$]VCE9B;*U`HAG!!!B'IO8KZMZ%ST:Q#]V+\NVU.9E9=+YQ7-RQ6*-X+O


N?5]G):^9GLB6-Z`II*J9@:/:
M^;I5G.7.J:[\


MB`2_7BWL#
#5V:M['D1NRI1
YY

MK-;9@%B#]&5-9]-HY;]`5;+.:(-&


&]7(3NCB%'J4MMV
IVD\EL1*!^C3E1&-:D1'27SJQ@B]

M?'%KKG;\$Z\J[65RW[B]L5[U4EQ]&UA]H9OF7@$+J64[_L343C3:JW@!KL$D

\V.W8?[76?P```/__`P!0
M2P



M5UT.Z^COOSZ^6T:3MBLNN^)47\IU]*ULH_?//__T]%8WG]MC6783B'!IU]&Q
B^H2883'



M$C84!DELD`QDVO'D(5G.Q&S^/Z+`_8P4^!RBW)

BB*YZ?FOIM`FL+
TJ<L
M%C2*\BF0C]5`(M+3H'2-0LX=I1!B=T@*1OFEW-`<D`Y`%$!:\])8%_P/I%Z

X9N9)1
/*=$3W8C5*




M5BS0P=DT




HBWVDG5)TVY%&=67A.\Q+HUTPE[UZ6-58F

K#I)9RY6







M%%FVK+%I![RL2`GOI.WUP4$U#/*==!KN(P;V2LG?\2QK3%;N(=)#E(O0]-$^
M
902^P/
_=:[;XHL5PM'I


M)2T+?U9/9H&N21C\F;PUJ(_0M`(S3U2
)V)X%'0NFT.9EZ=3.]G6KQ=PL01^

M``8`````$`7+[L6


M.2YX;6R

^^/G
2IKS\E;31J*3



M/:HGM'J*'U'J008GTV*34NKX_[TB*)[V#4\=I=OW*25/FY6CS$YH6]ML3DI
M49PX#?TBJ)46ET7D.J^1TUQ#C-+;EKLR$H&'T1&=81O0^?2661#0[5Z'(AK



MD_Y[A;F8P@L_@!\YEP.#^K--$[:N_\```#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!


MXW.^'6@U5&^U+51$L=YU%5-'RH/Z^%7?+#3J:GI)U:_=+0?E9.!MM4(_/FE
MN?+)6U?_BKNN&IY?K@\UZZ[@XMTS?A=.@V#KEY_/O=LJ`XMY/U&EE4]^98/


M&O%N&-0O?&3=-P4BVI5RDF@G*=#4]F21/&8DRW_N)5*
9:?JK':;09VZ`]

MTY7Q)
NU5ZEW$=1O]):0+&6*-94;;&Z#8&Q*61!W(P5II![\;#,BC3#'$H$
MR*%?B`$@M);KI6[8454X&-GPNGTE6@7'$A^7(UAY*`T@8DIAFKHA*[E.Q
M*B^L'A6W\@JT5%12
@=21)19
25Q//-$/`J?AU42875YY+$IKBJ)`IF2/
8Y
M!I0V($F*8K8C*N+

!5\Z


G;55D?SR)!`ND5QA?*:'[G+3WTLDV-(6Q





1YV@HD=G:-TP$Z^/4\'#)=P\?


2YX;6R
5E%OXC@0?C_I_D.4






Y[3Q@.@N9]?'O+



8HY9B_T9Y4&+^=I;E$5G
M6UP^/4N&&28X8MX_52VH[3,X,U8388Y;Q+LE)GK8W
PBA=I?Z;
\B_R^_


M$*4C)]E%+#.GT5W=([

MQDEE\UD65]_XJ((;C*]K)

NSXRB)T;9E
M6$JGY^^'5%%271AG7KKCHR/ZL*IXBJ9T]_./XV'UO;WT^^YTOU8WT7K5GG;=

M_?IU&


_'%9/;7/V[?#\._N
M_5_M_N5UL.G.WV[[F_R?Z[.NY=#=BI;W^


MF-)8U4`!C445)5%&0TFE%%9)FR6&@A((P*(QB*HT:%4H\H5U5`#!T2JII2

HL*QF@(HXK+JN2A`\8B

M;[U?^Y#FL6+-IB$$:TZ\@+0G8)WPO8%X.GL/Z`37)SI%F0('=%9%'+&T-G;#


F=W4C@@(U957D:LBAM46D5YW(Y

T5;.`6-@\R)E4#M.3G#RPAIDH
M08M`+6IL

M7:'SSB^P_U2HM7A-'-&8S!-




P_@?@R37UG.V)?:FE6!W]MQYIH2V[08.+#POB2VXV7
*AI/

]QO`)9!!($



1J@F9[I+*N?X

$(U

MQ$OZOLVA


M@1B
+7I,+8!6(P0I4YG[VR]L&B4*^@TF!XVLK
M]#3)

-V:




5NIE?&GSX

M:&5E='


MGATP8U@9#N;W;_OV`;I0_;EQ`\QV?FG!F;X_UK4ULOA`O*VAAYMHLLTF8L

MTF!ALXZT$D8;[$5UXZHN
$YWI34SN^ZVZ=!M


MO0W.!F[]LJ)O:



M


H^.9@
ML%OF
*=[D(0CDIT`:D)Z@)F^6!FE](=Y2FHJN\^SEU8D`;G7=K;^?1=(@N
M6[N=)1Z$JM5EPFC96@

$%``&





[32NN'L@#<G:70HJ-K8%9+T'/8UP4U+:4Z$<)W_H@8)AN!]'W'8M6\29X
MAS*5&O2$(/B<0

RAZRC3/J$@5N^D.:+2#X9W?I`
DTG
M6B4C`^9`D!*+

M'E#MSZQR:9Q'0FA.V?:#D,4P4Z[EE&VG12B2X\@E%Z74I&Q=EUIYV+G.M
MF^73]NDD!KV-UI.A3-ST.YEKGT)#2%(YX`7I^D0
W*$IIL'#:FPTR+L%J11



(=MJ^


M.Y$F!6T@$OPZ+9$S`*FC%_5_(:6H=VZ4+I*E'P5AXCI'S
4CD;:N4YRYH.T_
M#5+41R?AX0&FH,^7(2K)$C2][UXFI'*)$

8MC\8WF?.-DYNUT'NS
M
-$JM8



MK.!R!=V._754I'26\;0;&J3+/1NDS-*FTV:86G]LE
5L;3%393%.O-1.&:;3

PCJ+MYP=9+T*]/EK,3CC#3<.=@IX[M;WVVU&J
M%_!!+FU0D<%K

5L!#58PU?



6-MNXS80?2_0

N_/NOIX=U&'1]T1R*BVS$+OPA


M?@^ZL[S]TE:'WZI&J&JK/ND./$OYHEV_';1)+8Y'JY]
!_YH@X
X%J^7_D]Y
M^U54IW.OVKW02TIY49G4SZN]`RHK1??S?^WZM?=^%L&2U6R8REBS!X%EW_






NKH!R$G(*4[6




=\.
$

M+;Z.Y+TOH

A)X3()
@
M8[Y^NP16/#X`^3LK




`4$L#!!0`!@`(
M````(0!:@-+1L`


M;(Q7RV[;

MUZ+LI))'/8%TL2



*Z6LH!+\C&IA]@TSI[L[XLXZ/.:9--),4LRFA8DVG.E[X1YET3E
M@]*R_N5`M$_EDJ1]D@QH]NOI))T7M)B^G5VC&PG[YEFFU4G+Q%L#ZBI6F8V

M@^&V-JN823!5!W%




7


WXXX\^M?'3O\S1H*:L

MOG;.@1Z+2R7_X==/E)W.$HX[4EM*7@$3_'5JINX`M%Z\Z_]7=I#GC1O&BRCQ

%G%=5K4)6`Z-N6$)*NO3=0H^Q!.P3!91Y`
M@8W(9Q!C$@\J&




M\2K;9=@6--65H(F8KPT(.QZ1/L-=CS*Z-B
VGW*&\1R'MM$P'E@`093)8T1L
M'N4.
SQH&K#K?VR`(`CE#8(D7DZ\*)\@PNQ71D#FS4B'[5



M



M)&_UG+'G$L8P_?


EPF-BW/P$``/__`P!02P
$%``&



-@)8Y\E

M6%T0TJJ!'!TU#2E:D10+BRHV9(`@K8JD0W`#
6LA'B4D[5!6!1C&;;[HA6XY

M

M&$X1YF(\(?.;0M#JV%LV&'9$.B^$A?S0`F#^7JC)I6YIX7Y&6]JE%-YU^)E
MS'X7&O?O=&5^V&C:Y3+1S.KLOA\.&NN?$VO&8T@]SKWFUV#J
8SO
U^WEL/
M





MLE
6=J3JWQ
LOP(V@G@`X(-2MGE`@G:=7O\/``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````
NSN+A*#NTY\8*K4J<)2E&7#%==64^/NW]=T4(^NHJFBG%2_Q*[?X


MQ$9TPKT&*$:2S9\;I0W==%#W



MA9V



[Q2T(`.O01IOR`IN2!Y*'Q2PN#UM^`LU


M:&5E='




0?G'%PB


M!GX
A!V
.SCFX
M1`1?TI%DG[D&#

M2:(


A`9B9R)7&*2


$AUP98YU\-?SMY+:/7^^__#[Z0$CHY@O





4L?

J1BDA/N[ZDPXZ]&I&


MGZTD2N^5+$DXP5
OMR19;I?K1:9XK34(5?#J-5`R#?F2M'A.O716CV6N^S
MW+17KR36-LL[!Z[$:!;


)?3R?HM/(







W9J6)7%B?(H$D9
MCQ;IU3V;
DI?\N#N7*SP]




MM4N/HK%9
.B)K/5H82`UC%HM&$_/^($K751UP4O#]XKB62;N
M)],O7@,?<=2Z1&S47<.7GK$BZ)K1TS/P94US(K7
![%28U'$%R/7C&J-5:L

M:5WB;L]M-EG66@4/E;)6%$9APZA5E
Y@V3V'+GAI^%[1M1G
]TS7/HQB+3AJ

M=5Z[]?1C_K[8Y@^35*O90T]P[=$FC
L2+HFM'3,]!M@QZM<?R\FCE$,Z-5J'T+]-SZPR





3HE[K8$QO*+`6<'F




M2WY:B+RR#*]2KSB%

MU6L*G^J?9.=1?^




4\1RUA7;6
M'#7Q3`)QS=X/WBSS:Z
O*+^IO3!':?@PJ&I&C15KL\PN#*UZO3B)=!R^UX)Q


'`J4?\

J%M%EG!1@NZR.NW-$FY

MH?AA
N^%=9OJ4D*=\]KCU!1]6K4*Q1L%86'1?LU2L4'!2%/CXF!5
=)+F=
MLWA#A^Q'WZWX9U=.A^08\S5QL\RZ4.D+PDL;73&J&36
6D8=HY[1P&AD=&9T




M8J]B5#-J-'P8XBU[=8SZ!*6-DS32&(

SC^G

/4

M7

Q
TR6[27WLN/Q&*_/633:14\M/FUHKC#N@I$EZ96O=Q(/*SS
!Z%`]$1K6BJ%V




MSW6M*)RRAE&KR%U!E@M\+32?@%P-HP[2:R'CI
894-1P3H#V/@$*U2L]BHY4
M
:H5A8(-HU91W#O=$:/PO7H9#8GSF:@AG



9NEPZ;W\&
1'-O(L
M+CBH'K6BJ*\R:A7Y]=1ADU]^NNAH7M%W'4/=O(SX:SA+A]PS5LZ;VB05(Q


M'U#+!3M&?1(K;8CD`WR)/[@T(3F!#F5#
!MAI2_HAR#N;^WRZV#P4)UK17%?
M]7E*0*UZN3&XWJWR#_1UP4-#]XJ

M$#)J.5;'J$\*IBV)4YFX)9S+8`DTM23-1K-GD4KOI5?Q7Z3Y8Q5\%E:T5A
MS#6





MM/!^F*D5HO$



!4JFF#L$BJ5[N&WU$LD5!9!+%#F$_!
-6IV-@C3&&8




&:L2P@UK


\R1?/[.5HT5=1EB1&#HL2@*#$H
M2@R*$H.BQ*`H
2A*#(H2@Z(QRQ251/O*NJ2Q[2/.I8IFBV\T4=GMVC@$H.B
MQ*`H,2A*#(H2@Z+$H@Q*$H

E)4[\P4?GLP%-6V8VB[!#23
MC19
P4V+8KZ;BRJ#;

DA*#I
0@*3%(2@R2$H.D



LL4LDTWR;E



;2:
MCH$F4CRT*2Z;M4G2

M;?;'B^\$




_D#8]9:]ICI-2BZ4]@&YJ^



MG-M\1$JNH%Y\Q$PJR8(BJ5Y=!N#!!Y;0IU*A1=#+





LA&#+(1@VS$(!LQR$8
MLA&#;
0@&S'(%K-
\B6R.9;)E-U$@V^P6
MR48
LA&#;
&/;TC'UECW1_S-X]VG]S=R)3DBV)25S&5FVU9LT^68;3NQ
M35D*V_9BF^Y2LNT@MBF'(UNQA@T_,^+,L$WJB=_+3)O4T]U@Y7)23W<KDFU2
M3W<3G6PKJ0LR`^-XZ^51-I:Q+M8IDZ9Q]NB&OBVDU$&CTQ(+:;;8'DI_/@O

MYU5.J]G[UI`


WDT6B):=GD




M=U-1-ZL
7E%%W2P+WE1%W2P+7D=%W2S+Z8#A@K=TN=9X*1IULRQX\QEULRP-
M+/*R


MK&P
WQU#W2P+OBZ&NEF6!I;&M.!;8ZB;509?%$/=+
MI=T#=SP$ELJTX-MU
MJ)M5IH&E,2WXDAWJ9I7!]^I0-\MRVB&=P7?\C',*BWQ`DWX..)1OB/(E@86
M^9P@6_IQ*-\0I`M^![B4;XDR);3#LL+?B2+?@P)^IF66I8Y$.57`8?X43=


L

MU;




L)ZIRNJ+
[EJ8%^ZP=9;\P
MK@&V6SO6I@6[KAUE]S`N@YW6CK*)&%LZ6&0O

M8/RXYU!(`XP?TS)L


ML`4O-+`4Q4Z\T


M3NLU:FWU$.QJ?Y2-Z[D]V*C^*'O1LP5[ST

M1PTLW:$/\J6YEP&N\`?96=SMF#_=]3:LG0KC(6UI4X/2V]:!E@&TS+
IJ6
M

MS=_$2U@JTU+#4IN6!I;&M+2P=*:EAZ4W+0
L@VD983F;E@LL%]
RKE8H8XV?
MRP7TW*;B=3MQ*6RK34L-2FI8&E

M'BGE


BTU++5I
M:6!I3$L+2VM:3H4\6F:-[1(/5M2%-?.UTR



ET_LQX6`+]8K*\


M`P!02P

M+W-H965T

=
_KMW*B_1&-[&<QF[BKVNW7/Y*/^]<._S]
M*\.;8YZ
QS/_(P-


M5UC6:']ZV9DD
=^88&[NN=
YS48LB@?C_IOQO[^&1)AG)]`_/J'#'V_^P/1^

^!D
`;B#(I`H6V%]2Q?@;560\







M;]@RZ@3Y6+V@Y=2)05!BO*;

WS[/;VZC7


MJ.&&+:-.&OJTUS
:5$
M@:G4`@E2

M9I`-L_2+I')MEK!
D1
SR#4


MF&@(-2Y6






MIO)


&VM%7J6@1UY406^<5:DFH<EXKG]5KA]8^7S?BY==U




YPZ%NF5M8IN&PH\I7$BBA8EHXI1S:AAU#+J
M&/6

VH8M8PZ1CVC02&M





VH8M8PZ
M1CVC02$M3ZHF?NO*G7%![%TLN*V'MY;:9*6E#%7C6CAE'+J&/4
QH4TMJ8




MIH:*O:J&36,6D8=HY[1H)6(*HU)PFXI


M;Z;B0M(YF%_;ITL
O714BI=]'711TNH$CN_QXF7=-5EEPV\N@\V9H'?95)







MQ
S6\570-827#*=D5#&J&36
6D8=HYZ1V;?
R&S[9:]V=A\RNPO4T_[UV[[8
)V![3M:KTQ=R48&UEN81E+2++<P3+.G=BRSF5#

HW?!X/&6!;GAJG+L9NC;^
YWW.LEVN`MBD2;#&WP

6:&T7

X2

MW
S+%%_@!.



M+/B
:V




\*0MV2$*O4W.GF&


M)FZ*5R@0T_

M`$`%IZ]R;8+``#



Y[]]ODWNXM]




V


\YNUL
%4'C&2E=##_SK,GGN7G9?CK=_]Q]-=WA]NZ&[EZK(
MOC^B)OQW<CJH,8#0=]^&WX_#\^WM89K,[Z+%?!4OIY.G[GJK#JKH=++_<KWU
MI_]IG<A8TC9B8R.!E\;&ZFZYGB?1+QA9&/X-4;6OVQC;6S@U]B`:S\9!$;^
MT!#X_=7Z9[I-A[XH=K?=X_VE_YA@@*/9KN\[-5VB=#N=F$XP33EVT;'7FE_
M4NH/4SB`%K^?GU$/]S/OJ*?]T8GXSJ1KY&3ANIK9;8(01F*@1U)H0M`Z8
M(=HQ9#3XKX2LU%7(Y&Q&P+9!'



M+DKB59`XM9YMOX747B^TD$X!O!8R68%MM#S2,U![5@0LE.P-AR8S7F+:JI
MH+75$+*V6L^6'XC:Y(5`]-[O!:+1!C[881RQ3%)K)8G.1==)'`R&0B4(F/70
MH.A+0G;L5QS5A+3IY3)9![ML8S7(=$MH



M\\N9H
%6F1NU[4:OLMOM8A/T0F%5J%E*0C:VRB!GPZI)R]C&:7X5S/[&JI#M

B'9)D'5
MC56@





M%:AU6L^



6HO89O[:#_VA


B_81XA0(+?(XE\66*)WA!'R%D8@B8

M*LUPXN;UX((C54=]+BDA42=^+JD@J40)[C12==CG95I(U)F?2[)X`=^D68_+
M
_@F27!'!M\D205))4IP8P;?I#*X%X-OD@3WRZA'6@IK2-1=L!1/C'BDY1`W

MN`0O;:EZ@.(2O*9AWY

MR25XRX5OD@0?8Z,M(KA&PR4D219A'T!K^*\GAP2]1S/)?C2`/%($GQP@'@D
M;X[@&^2!!\7P#=)@N]BX)OD-;Z%2=4'(-PW?/\KR4)/GN!UY($7[_`:TF



M/.].S:6^G_Y;M]-?'_[[G[OWYO:E/=1U-T&$2WL_/73==3.?M_M#?=ZUL^9:
8H.KZ][L2



D9*1@I&:G&Q%#DHT8.23TV-2FTP#8X]--BS;9B$0_[
MP=@K$-+*,5:]%M^%,5K:]//R



=6Z)*'KHS0Y@`6F85#N4HXQLHE
F:B
M0N.9R%#FJUA:1



FPS1$EFB[?-'
'B1

HY*C@J.1*?



M_H$E=5HR6

TNRRXTT'=7!

/;X9CQDO3=/2'

'PF[.'_P
``/__`P!02P


MT=T;%

MI'[Z[__Y_



M_
?;^='1XNWG]Y_^?#UX^-O7E_CX\MMOGSY\7'_Y\*_/'__\/CCY^O&/]]]E




[V



3[T3^]4[FBS=GLZ.+




#<QR#.9($+PEHK=$^):(WS(

M$5XJ





[#(*;:1$


K++*+21$J5H
:5$AV
E#B2^






M:ZAH0Y01;8ERHH*H)*J(=D0U44/4$G5$/=$5T371#=$MT1W1/=$#T2/1.R+1
%QRAX<%4HI7R5VZLKR[






M1\'EW)J5]YQ4W'
S4


K(]HJ.MA=KE:^NXN3D^








/!/+PAN0_F2.PD4.IWY9%$1=&:
M:..1+



DM






I0?+HY.CI*[S48=V?J5





M4RM9WX-+D
RO5BOKL2%J%1WLL5.K@SWV:K7O
5:!*QA


S4I[+!0=[+%DCY4V



MEDVE1X&O2JW

U_QE4^J#+CRR4.X$U8?%-D:L):$VV(
J(M44Y4$)5$%=&.
MJ9JB%JBCJB/4'3E3Y^H$^QYO/0ILHBNB-9$&Z*,:$N4$Q5$)5%%M.JB1JB
MEJ@CZB
47V%9M






1SB




MYL=1*-6-HA64=0P'42G5O$@DD=,O5I%OH)!Q,+ZP:K)@E43C]Q;`2:X]#V




WDNP3T^FRG




MG*@@*CT*#[!F90LY#[!FI4.MB1JBEJ@CZB

<E3=[YMAJ5CK(
M#5%&M7*B0JBDJ@BVA'51`U12]01]1&*`R$W]\E`.)YL#CU*`I$<\U:+P2RH








Z(KHFNB&Z);HCNB=Z('J


&ZOF6




MOU:_CY&36%JN;CEQ^W0/55-I#4BDI7Y7WBK\CBBC?JR[^?(B+9LF!,5;%@2
M56RX(ZK9L%JM:%M(3NBG@VOB*[9\(;HE@WOB.[9\('H






'_'N'^YN4V_.G:\G:







MZHFNB*XC%


X












`D7F(0+3

MI87EE!B64VI8)G)(U)Q4(&TGP5+C[&A@R1/KY#@@4QC-`C6#R03`9/Q@
GPP
M43.8J!E
U`PF:@83-8.)FL%$S6B9C!1,YBH&4S4#9J!A
U@XF:P43-8*)F
M
%$SF*@93-0
YM1

YBH&4S4

MM3FT3-3\1#EZ=L1Z]

MT:X#UU,-LJ)YF9


M

C[2

M
'AFKC[C.9FZ.Q9


M;']1Y!'



ML.T$RR=8

M5R)3&
T-8/)!,!D_&`R?#!1,YBH&4S4#9J!A
U@XF:P43-8*)F
%$SF*@9
M3-0
)FH&$S6#B9K!1
U@HF8P43.8J!E

RVGQ.#43
M$
M#HF:W89]

%
MD\&R5C!1+I@(ETPD2Z82!=,I`LFT@43Z8*)=,%$NF`B731+IA(%TRDR;2
M!1/I@HETP42Z8)=
)$NF)



TG-*'6ZYIF2@DT;RKL?R0YGU1
M)EK&/8LT/S#YH$L8)51*7*5%[@#AYV%F9#(O='3&MN&723/Q471C.]HI(+
M8)(+Z$)R8;0+NE@DE0U)C]%

MDC'H0C)FM+
N%J=)+1C1C/M0C(&3#(&74C&C'9A%TDL)(E&,^UD@A
D@A=
D

'D^&#2?Z`2?Z`2?Z`


JMDVKV==CH!C$P]U?^QLHDGW2Z

M25:@#\D*



M[-C=G=3P8
_NCL5N)*$)1[T_DS@NR:WO_8.K]#J[\U'809+RR2
3NX%-/!IQ

MT@9
TD8;FT?)$87F41(K24AP%Q:&MSZ=2OU'PZJ=/!*(Q``^Z@K^T#KZ)K

OYIIT_#M%++-A%TV
M
AO_=F3F+Y]@Q00K1V;^JI&9O]T$JR=8
S+SUX[
_'43K)]@5R

W\W



D/M1FX1$SY'[04RDUO$V/ZIF;@
TS[LH9E+


M@TS


GT?O1OMBHQ1^Q0+4*=8IPVO+I*8
(V57$[%(;LXL69D^U
M\R##V4;%V=I`;XS`^'L5#\/-+QLU-X<ULOQ(-$N?=HGC
.;49U675U4CW^(

`AR)I=+G9`S






WDS'54_
M2T8Y#*I`Q)`&B,!1




+[4QOVB8/U7.

MULOIV5[IY4ZKKC*J!251I+K?N\K(Y5)Z$U@GYK






M+WE-6XUC0#KL$&LJES_]1JQ)S#==B+459UDCKJ[@(*=3Y=PB&9S$?`(G8Z5%
M


M1B



K+1PYSOHO?
MK^3(,?P9RYM\(DNIW!=+(1!:`0@&N


M7S@S7M$8KFB
5C0&*QIC%0WKBH9U2ZV*Z=*J/[[/)AE:KO#3R44T8A*-F$0C
M)M&(231B$HV82JV**:X'W)4


7:'^_CLY3#K[BSC\JVJWU47:-F*YCK

M`7?:P




9=UA3#?5FJH_DS2@6CMU6L[1:KI6HU2B

8VJU


MLT*X64LZ





)AJ-$PU&BX2C1<)1H.$HT'4:

%/7




MHF$OT;7:-A+-`PE&H82#4.)AJ%$PT*B82'1L)!H6$@T3
:IA$-TXB&:43#



M;?PN&G[7%C&WMHB;I39N%@TW:XM8-[68]P\^U9*84IK$E%H0!VJ3V$U+XBUI



1Z4
MCO%@JCOLN#KF8


MKEQ
R:QZFP



F


M*IB;Q&8J8K

M-(C_1

M9:X






#?)
5!%_-6*1=SX2UK$7UH9
M

MPS[-0QF
)WWB.^D3W_U0GUAQV*=Y*(
SI4^
*7UBS!_J$Z^F/CGY]7

M3K&O;:^^2XJE92Q8VM:MYQF7^[%4=U
QOFVO'@O)(&

M(XF&CT3#1Z+A(]&PD6BX2#1
)!HF$@T/B8:%1



+AJQB49HHA&9:!A=-(PN&D87#:.+AM%%P^BB8731
+IH&%TT






A?^Q@T


MLP4;Q[A^FBW8.
9UU&S!QC$.]+

Q




^_6C:L7?XVS:/XP0NO%7^4LFK^%4!9_=+-H_B16?RAS:+Y

LFK^)4$;8K
_B#[&4$3OK
\_8):S//&.7L#[S#)]=

MD_6@9_B3]:!GV);UM6?8EO6U9UB
]:!G^(SUH&?8C_6@9]B/]:!GV(_UM6=X


J\6\80QS%.%P-#'
=8'&
8XQB+8PQC
M'&-QC&&
PR^.895Q^
4QAG@5XW0W%ACG58S3

6W


MD:#SR%+'2-!Y9*)C).$\

[EDL*M'





MD*?/`=FX=MD+\9#-
G9./&2S[$LP-JY-]EX\9+.
G1H/V2S;!6/CVF26XR&;
M94Q^/&2S[!B
C6L3=\1#-LLP33QDLXSIO283+6NF^





R@MJ

.D\1#0


YXJ&L;1/+C
(W+@8L
PK?.(9O
M1N$;Q[#
*'SC&



GNP4BLQ9LK.$L)G=?J?+LTR&MUGM$HK]5YAF%X

MGIB


MN&


(0=+3I`G2YXA+Y:\WW`_

_\1K9Z

MD(
E1\C1DA/DR9(SY&S)
^39DB\WW+NVGT]X@WRUY!WR;LF2?I:VGQ7DSI(U
M9&W)!K*QY![R8
D6LK5D!]E9

M-]QYO7$KD25UEK;.G)GR1JRMF0#V5AR#WFP9`O96K*#[S90QXM.4`.EIS9

MY![R8

E)\B3)6?(V9)GR+

M+5G2S]+VLX+<6;*&KW90#:6W$



EJ1O[

M9Y9(\L9^ZW].8;J#ZE6,[)QYN[O[%G2U8S'E'



ERPGK'ONBVFO!W?O;%
MR3WD;



WQ_:]JP/D8

MY![R8


.EIP@
MYY;\J;_0^OW/__I?O_SMV^&7W_[VC__\_:=_?OLKO]UP]2]\;.NGW]J?CFK_


)@;`8&9^




M][C[_/[KO_[\XW\^/'[^`R[^^?'3Q^?_.SM]^^;SAU'UVY?'K^__^0GM_D_O


MX^._G&GUBT



AE?7O?[W.[GQ3O!7:G*O-7GEZ#C$


LK]PY?M


MG+VQ`$V*?G+Q4**3%.0I2!/09&
@55NH4-EH4S!+P3P%BQ0L4[!*P3H%


MNX+)Q4B*38ED1'(B!9&22$6D)M(0:8G
B
R)+(@LB:R(K(ELB&R)[(CLB1R(




M:
%HR6C%:
UHPVC+:
=HS^C`Z

@G0-8
)HRBAC
ME#
J&)6
*D8UHX91RVC&:
YHP6C):
5HS6C#:
MHQVC/Z
#HR.@4H?C
NY6A









M8.)NSR-E(JO^(/DU3\4*R13X2M;-
Y=B%56B
MGRQ*K\0J\I568BU66HF-H*A@6HFM6(65Z`^2_G(G5NI^S^@@Z-4C'L4J/.(P
M;?9)K)?0;/C7XU;(;1^-=W*8?2KZ1!^#](33M`7^)^(H*D@G11D@K1@+DBC



SI(P4N5A\FU\:@6XOH4^8GST2U16OG8+5U&/5&'DGQ
KGH3

+E'08X48C6\)%_)J.*-:.&[:
9H*T7G/VM1`K38HE
MHQ477#/:2$%MXY;1C@ON&1VDH-;KR.@4%8R3P2U-6LG@ERS#SJE#?5R*+KW'
ML)^DX@0G\YP
W0CI.I&G*DNN9(*T%\X9%8+B2W(R_O52MQ7@EZZ2I_WPM5B
MI95H!,5'3+J^5JWDB#-!KQYQ+E9ZQ(6@ZW/?U+NZ2GK^I1K(P5:U
V:T490


M2I`67#/:-)Z;1GM!*FO/:.#(*W7D=%)T-E7G`SX%87)\*W%TKZS3Y*D0TF2
MI+-07_!&;Z],&66M._./;K6.!1BI;Y*1I4@'6C5[*L1*_75
IH)4E]S]K40


!O6E
M6LD1*T&O'K'F(S92

MH^GX;
VN-V+578%H[*VR^-T)4K][]GOP2*L\3XN1[40UZ?(=9RH;MD]&&Y]
MLS=S]DEOUJ$D@9.1PL0]$(&]]J%3QEE@O1WEWN$J[
TIQ`K]54RJ@2IKYI]
M-6*EOEI&
T'J:\Z^%H*NM.==&FPEWO1
K\5
6[D1*ZW9EM%.D/K:LZ^#H*!F

63&NQ#6KAXI[VHCOQHG'?

MZ6]^*@PW^:6;S(0%=KFXTQZJ


MNUL89DMA@;N5L
#=FMUM#+.ML
#=3EC0V#V[.US



%

77KT%:?3.FSCZ)
M:8=P/*GQ(WGG)76:NH1SJ[?\)1

MU+4L#ML+DW:
%RD\'FDL)F*E:.I1=-)HGTFF5M*2G%'!J&14
:H9-1X%9[*-


MDH#E8Y>7+
&64





WET0S6[*#\OU[LKX;'H.NU1\
M(DCC

9-MT48J:'
M+-69%AP.DN%RI59RR%I\O7[(1LP&8<V&-Y2H/AAA.K]T-;T)9Q=![W#F\8C7
MHWN,[YA&0YTA'W^
4V\%89+TKJI^
(2I1NK#JZ27VX6&$BA7(ZF'6W!KLN@

A=
MSX-\TE&?SR=?4/-@*@7#
S=
=Z=G:B6QRP6%1Z137GBKX'Y**07#(])@MU(K




M.@RL@_L



&)L/VB5C%#7QA*N;NMH1Y=#F#?*4XF_[T-GY[QR#-

M.?=3@V4&RPU6&*PT6&6PVF-P5J#S0PV-]C8$N#K0RV-MC&8%N#[0RV-]C!

%AIL

MFQEL;K%P98&6QEL;;-P;8&VQEL;[#P8X&.\4L3A(W];&'XXGLPF/=`//
M9$!HRBACE#
J&)6
*D8UHX91RV@6H2@JMR_




G=Q5+`]6A:
65'MGQ
MY2(CVM0R%:ON.9'!\+:7[E[(Q$37$'-&A2#\2BX#
W553+E

LF@G0%?\HH8Y0+TAZC\
AM)[CD
MX?!6UU;/)[A4*^G*O'ENG_YK`C=OJHO5IAO7LR&MTD-6*F+6H9S2(4IYF;
MSEKQ[*:Y43P[A$=GID3-U=&B,-[G8PR1KE'@:]K)#
07MUL=/'TQ]1QPV5
M^$(/?BEHQ-
WR*TB7

<&Q1%W






MA%^8H$RL-

WN&L.L

MDR;M


YSS[KW5:J-

D!$6-[VPPN)G


MX^9]:?=6BB]%%?NJ&3524.O5

^D=,M!BC)!VK<42%(A\LEHTJ0^JH9-8*T
PIZ9;U?+$=UFN\!_TC\WXJQKXJW1PE9-I`HS



(T^[(+T^MX+NZT8RTN
M9CI/*84%C[E6PH+#UNRN

5!BL-
M5AFL-EACL-9@


YHP6C):
5HS6C#:
MHQVC/:
#HR.
MC$X1BI/AA24(;


/?L5Y!SR;:(B=J%-P2&P8)_4IUD$BZK



M[FT'1JE[%
*JCZ4

/(SC@-GIB^X
CW!



MSDH-Q2VGLX)[P2-W7Y
5W/`=N=N;K(P1M[$9-]RC1`RLB.(V)&)@*;@;B1A8


M4\&.'43'*H

MV]B

KP
*VHW
-
?CX)FFD7NAY7Q<#@:XQD*5B90W)
@

MM=52/.6-6EL*'O9&K2T%SWRCUI:A[I1:TO!BRA&[AT+'+?Q+7H7/`S/MZ4

@





P$H#Q7T?@!5\0V'D/A/`RGB`7TFWBS9L^.U?(B.-;+#&_70
M'DO!R_!PYBQE/,#B!UYG:]4`RQ]XB2DK^%8)6FJ-TO#)$K344O#E$K344L:(
MP=B,`;ZS,9J8CZW





M#VCB+%B]&+ZCB;-@*?B^(VIM]0?XS/J9BGXCB/J9BGXG
RQ%+PO4;4S5+P
MV4;4S5+P$5AX
Z\_:
_XA?;@^F
J^%+JR'W1DR.*KZ/B_%@*OHN*&%@*/H^*

MI:E44I3J:'4IM)`:4REA=*:R@S*S%3&4,:F,H$R,94IE*FI9%`R4\FAY*92
M0E

RLQ4

I4)ZC8UZY9!

I4UE+6I3*!
M326#DIE*#B4WE0)*:2H5E
I4:BBUJ:Q[P]&Z9UU_-EVIK*#LC.5/92]J1R@
M'$WE!.5D*C64VE0:**VIS*#,3&4.96XJRA+4UE!69G*KC=`#*Q1S1[*WE0.


MX!R
I5)#R/\;H]K






CW__OO[]].

M_W/_?/J_'__[O][__?CTY_/7^_N7$T3X\?SA].O+R\_DW;OG3U_OO]\]GSW^










XG0;FB
/YAN1J/L%P'

B2R(+(FLB/1$UD0V1+9$

PLM
(S.P\2]S`=48D)9(1R8D41$HB%9&:
M2$.D)=(1F1-9$%D261'I?1+D,:Y6@X;'.:P)=Y`DDA*).2$RF(E$0J(C61
MADA+I
R)[(@LB2R(M+[)
=P-*Y:.BNY[17'
MZ@.KL&C,+-PK&KOX=696.%^^/GSZ<_J(1CDZS+Y'PZP=4SBYWE009FS9L+\

M!U9A`9DYME=`A[8SS+V#@K#HB.+PY/TYIP:SV!VL?^)R2X]ZI[T*7/W
SE
M31.^NMDOA([.S?_UEI8FUM7&4J+O#14ATCH4[S41T_EFCV;@V=XW]$SN&7/
M[N`97C-Z





73SQ$30.].K^Y

$7+!E5ATBH+N[Q

M^[X]NXHNMSQ8H/D=[D=IG92J7CRC^WFM=9JE`JVV4$O_^T(&E-L[,+^YQ
M;6SC
URBT9!_TG12O:L#IXN'36;-6+F);=ELT[







^L$

E5/



K2&&1\
L






/U;'@5NG2^!.T#YPF*/1I.N7'31/QBX&A)R6Z\TLFK@^.V64









M]X2H.%;-J!%'%ZL5Y&)U@6.8*Z]
;B8\N;$H6EV+ZM7

MJ&)4


%HR6C%:



2D85HYI1PZAEU#&:
UHP6C):



M64GXEF-USLJ/%25U[JPDUH+1DL.OG)4?/DIJ[ZPD_)IC;9R5'RM*ZM992:Q=
M@
*J]

MS6@CCBX16T$N$;O`

C[

6ID?&0\M
.+6Z=\Y/9I$WL<S%RG_^*#
*FTA[
MK5]UV*5$=36IXFO7%LD=C..SD1H.TW*83JR.WL(\NAC/BA82QR5ZR5=;17%H
M6M1SF#6'V8C5T41OHXLAT5'/L)
X^T2'%0ZA_]&3Q-A'3Y(!!6
0:X4SS.1I

MS`NWY'`K
ZYI=-P<SEY*M

MPERXE2`O7*^PM3#GNA'DN6X5M@M96
ZO+#.:MU3C=JLN
T:+X#/KZ#71E%%F

FQ5FS5
UJSXX:MMHQV`0K*].J5



9.9:7.2*
M42UHB$PG-#6BNR@MHTZ0C7)V$V7#W!E(^A:7.0EHY6@HRNNO5BY6&M&&T%'








MJUJT3OG+9PBO7UX-*!A_#

MQ969LW)E.L2HZ

%HR6C%:


MJ^)S?8[+[-]*B7VN1U#V.PHB!:.1Q/12'`TCD
1T5JS\-DI^4^\2%]&N
46V


#&#`;XUC!`3
R9@
M!0/%Q`P-6
'@
#$C!%8P1DS
0($5#!43


MV`?#Z\2
EUC!*#LQPR96


M(-\T!6L7J&^:@B4



!S]6(Z^U%.!G:N2UIN#7:N2UIN!':^2UING:;0%3<$OU&@+FH*-


-THBF*=@GG9A-LNR#[=*)V2O+K9()V;'+O8&HVT:0KV
ME2

MY('6
^%-1^2!IN%1^2!IN]1^2!IN`%1]1139DB;5

=
MU12\T(8ZJBDY%/





@(:=

S'G5G*.XKS/Q!Q?
MR0J._42J-05'?2;F
$OVP2F?B3G3DI4I%'-\)RLX-S69J4H*Q1SFR3XX)#4Q




M*X/-M[!9PK@HRGX6@'*5%/PT0+41$W!API0VIJCQ.@M#4%'X!`OFG*#(KY
M^`#?#S[T@!S5%'SB`3FJ*?C2`W)44_#!!Y2VIDS'MXGY2@^G`%^-P76TW@Q?
M?4&.:@J^VH(\T!1\0P6*]J3`%T)P'6TDA.]]X#J:@J]W()JFX
-ZN!^ME\&W

%7])+S)?:6%E!6:D*OJ&7F
^VL0\^1Y@4JH*O$B;F

M28ZV@K)2%7P`%+FC^4R1MJF:MAF4F:JD4
PW`SD%&13SY4!6\.'(Q'Q`D!5\

H4U6909FI
MCY_B]S1HF50S&=/.07X\UR1U/PN5O47DW!)Z&1:JUMSZ'
504?@T:MTGR6
M4

MPVG(T:QZ!66E*CV47E6FN

RDQ54BBIJF10

MC?NIU?MIH#2JTD)I5:6#TJG*'

-)ZC!Y*KRI31)NJT690

MLHR4)4EE*6J].L`(ZTI_(4/E/59P9EIBHIE%15





M+R^/W[&9_O3DZ_W=Y_LG8PWC+X^/+_(?*+!W?S\^_;G?&?KQ_P4```#__P
`



MY&;_NCL^'%Z_?IS\Y]_9;^O)S?FR?7W8/A]?]Q\G?^[/DW]\^OO?/OPXGKZ=


%U#[713ZH'OAR/WY1K^:`0D^I=-;U


MY=UL'OQD(4.@I\Z2!.JO+.Y5'1KA&KH60X^[F2=[HD?NIK+FX7X?)NW57\
MG4MBHG27Q


-8U:PPM[
*!Z=A]!!)B61$<B(%D9)(1:0F



M\2HED%#4?

J0Z;FLFZ
Z(




&*6


6@O90JGLTB=4


_KE'O^_3RR<J?:R=-7A3:R<8Q63*R28U6
:BEHZM4(
K%:




C
E%V1B%8Q*1I4@$ZL69&(UC%H+


AH4M!)G3%J!;4AU[=SQ9._M`8#PG=O*,/Y5*^V35*?98UAY9
MLU(CXY4$A%)!IF$9HUR0B54P*@696!6C6I)U3!J!7E446FQ3Y4^7;9F98_L
M5



)X2.A2D`E=

9Q8UPD=BN(IW!X9;?1




7E
MGKO!O,_7Q[=-C9RIZ21BL?9/TB?)(Q21IE&UM34FP83J^):.*8]7LU3!J



M
JY8,6HYH(-H]8J:*NB$F[?U-2)^A1P[+4#4+SPB:VD!U7):.CN/UYDM5:

Y:

4D89HYQ1P:AD5#&J&36
6@O90CDW6MUE[QT37?`]





M

EC4





M!2?4H9O/@D\`H)O/$L.B3J#S=7#4'XKZ+#CC#T5]%ASUAZ(^T[\1^IT.E]G
M@ZGMNU_$F*3=,S,GU\DQW7R\Q@+JXW$P@RJ^68AO0]`.7\Z+SW08SX+OMM`
MM



6G_X/``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(


M;PZ'FVQ?UILS

M/^0OZ_&H'_;7I_VYN[;WXS_;?OSKPU__


\7@Z
L^WLQWQ_<V/H/-OSE=+AU??<\3##<U!#E:]Y
M-U.
]'#W=
(*5-I'M_;Y?OREV
KY;#Q]N-


M#MT9






+N<*I1R
PC):5DE3:#V




MBZ3



M@2S$BD34#9U7S-H&SD*RA7.+
&FQC1Z-
E7M/C#UC(P*$$8&PE:'U!9
H=7#

ME4BY'12OQ`;.PJX(ZU;





M#_LWGK$8?P






$^N*'!-A'ER
L0(WB]IV/5L.B+O2Y!6\AMDW6@C</X):+
MP1L'
B(GPBU^G#3!U`G[MN<'^`[M3_Z.CA?P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@`

M4181211(.D[^OD/2ED0Z




MSH`N
<122M7\,2$L?
M2*(S20PRS_YH%BU2E&;_9PF,(IW)/99XN^;LY,%X0$S18S5L:`7,*H4XA%(6
MRGFGO!H#9@'6IRU:+X.GJ`JQ1FT



UR=)MK_(Z4N*!QR@Q


IP!N&)
7A[4













M?/Q'-0T_X_V`)ES\AY[Y.?\'-./B/Y\;(




MI0LJ%]0N:%S0&L!R(W83

]M-&ZDSG_:NW3(2



MUBR6!*\DL]G*;I;T2K2_4T8R9CKO=0S3B[%MNNB5R'3)2
5
U[V.-AVN)K;I




M:Q++^:)4


.!1FO0TUIW6#LZ<%N\TZ/X
YK52)
M#]G=BM


MA:1;[/D1%90Q/S]+V`.A[ZQYB:QP+I$5SE5#/9Q8V5KI=9IPE!+2(3BC3FA;


-(JLS:Y(E


=21*.


N20MRQ:+0*2E

K-/0GH0
2&=R:$
M=(*6$M(-,XYR0MI604B_4$M6JLBI

M01J'

O;5&Z^:9'EG36]$AD


$U98:3DMA920MI)Q


M1FFI(8?SA9M6M62'%\FAJ
F
N?SI_I`UG!775#VH9V_;644%H5'$4:S03&^9



HYZC@
MJ.2HXJCFJ.&HM9#E9O&-WW0SN;/C=OFJD.-.Y^Q[J[7(=Q%'


KA(+^3ZD.Z4E[OE-=37P_GIL#V\O%P&^]/W-\2T`.O\

J8;YXX$P6PMMA9O@PV%CN,2QX\!R?!!?;OW3[








M
%*?!%=)

X*1

MX$(;?.V3X!(;?.V3X.(:?.V3X/X:]H]/@CMKF`6?!'?5


MBZK`FR^?'H8!^G=3?W:3GV?=J?TL[LWK'\VUQFACGL0
O+3M-V%:O0J$RDM6





!V2@B)Z46NB
MR(Y):;3!&ORY43(:C?/&2
9(SDC!2
E(-25$)+HX$3DLRTV2+U-\24I*@SZ
M=:]C23;8M9B[1@=C72UE)&
D9R1@I&2D6I*B%ATT1;KK[\2*RI0L9)88@-K
M08Y&HUA&

MY(P4C)2
5%-U(K$SCI8UMB1Y9')I0IS*E422^K:DCH:C5(9R1C)&2D8*1FI
MIH1(Q;DYD:KW)4&I(DDL11M+T6@T*F(D8R1GI&D9*2:$J+(0_[GD#1@JDDC


MG=7GBGBFHR-R!L?HR%2C(Y$&!T=#(FGD+QLR^N40B;V,V5%EKWQE?!?94:



==.5=DJ;-CD2
M'3!WZN7SU$LA'\?$9#E;1WVBK`)BM;%.M]18Z5YGNL5IJN$8



C('+6IA
FT%`M1D+LG5PH[#TVTE;B??7\*D8A8


M/2PT&QB^)+4W

M8_MQ1:WU'CO$B.4WM_$^PD

M=O#G



4
=5@L

M@`


M*!'W8EXG0XFX'O





ME[Z]B5?^V4O;XT]CAA]/^)NG&G]#L1)?F[ZU;:]_$0V
?T7U]%\```#__P
`



T0)Z$F

MQUWVN#\^W[7_\V_WCYMVZWS9'A^WK]DQO6O_E9[;?][_\Q^W[]GI^_DE32\M

=8=6+J_?=SC93;6Z?TZ:[]T'.2?J_=N;_-'?3???I^
MKOW?.K]D[]YI_QCNCRF\C3BI'S+LN]*U7]4(T[U-K-(Q?6H_IT_;'Z^5?
MV?LRW3^_7!#ND6JRRU[1$_ZV#GLU!_#HVU_YY_O^\?)RUQZ
KT;7W4&O/VJW
MOJ7GB[M7;=NMW8_S)3O\KU#*AUX9Z9=&\&DQ\DG#0=D0GV7#T=6P/[J^R7O_
MI.&P;(C/LF&_JX?]24
[A3K)Y\U<VWE^W][2E[;R&5P<_GMZU*C#U'

C9EHJ&6M
MS






M^@HJG=H0Q\80PTI)FD5$UD0V1&(B29TTHJ&*RWHX9'KGO.GW$HTFU5/-2G2C




0H$:5LAHTB0MK5F

$D&YK::'525I\W!98=8]7*`;S/-J&0P&-\UY/NN5#74*F3-:
'(%


;UMG$=---:$O@YHP4CEY'':
G(9[1B%#`*&46




TF0?T(:[9YB#+2454
6T/IB'YL$E2
Z

MZ@S



)DTN^`%



MR$X!'QEN#NI0WP51&&9!WY#!UQ'6['=BT..1M+BF[:7'@]!!&.X:`?SYF8S\




M
`1`;&('-;OLXG`B([TVF2BW
Y5O0&Q$]09B94/J1T@^Y['XQN_RE5YHO2E
M&-FY2HU)U!!):2K74!L&*S=TS]#JWC!IW?I0P=2


'QEF\Y!+K\LP=1AJ3*89


YM8;R/TNM2S:9`2I%28R:JJ]`!

-X4F

M'`V7.=PQ3*]Y_2#HJ/;/G@K8VNKG&3['



O3*-[O+/GU9[J9YTPY@)@*'3&6J
Z9=1I&G#!-&A

YX$L5:




M%Q$(&]1!SE-ULW@08ZUC


FI*1A/8GM
ZMMZ.S9NSHV3
MCA=OVT;J8





]



!Q3HAEUC
M@&NFB$F1K!MKF^&I!MM@W:*VTLHS=`%!9!$J/@+76EC3EI97M4@S1##$Q
`6B56'U2`DM[X^2J&<0B7Y/EBW3(0
MLKUJ


MZY[-1(K2;8H)T@PQ

MZ82ZT&%CA[-Q4L1M.DMM6A![*L\(5;MFB*)2LHR
2IKM


:1FB&*(9HB)$:PV[O.]VM%P*:?Z/7%9Z4F^UM%2-ZX.

MIIHABB'Z


92A=9%GB1DBBA$L0\05B(CBFA,2;.


M.M3K'J8C`!EB2D^*+&!(S1#%$


M93J7)1




M86=


M_P



:





M=:#(1!])X@-)`C(/]MB/;Y;1\OK_+(%39#








O

2\2)05)#HXD;'N`%BB*7IX51TF
MM2U#4C9[_GV''$KDC.3T[$



M




MZ

M='LDNMQSL2_V



M?7:[.7P

S?^?98^

M`6L.U\8FF[R'F?T6/(]Y4^#;@T7_:N'N(:`[P.B/)YFD#_L?X*6#QY2(@20/
M&(JH)H3=GIVVC@;V0&QF!WOF[+28R5@K):






M'CF$(`N=2\5V4!&[SD

M



M'JJ

M^_8*2VSG


5J8+NK$:)$FN

#D46%[LK%$[51V*TD5!'8EZFZ8L^12[4'H
M32@$)I.5M^



M
H

M%_F*G/#WI5(C:-5'E3?ZW$P%_WY2WWB:LEO7$KVB)1D7.P_R!`J1IOP3344A



M'J$+?RTZR8KH1++@XQH+1R;APH#[*0;D\H0FJ$/:PPH#*3A/`-E2Y5GZI9P
MI;+XW!V]EGN6

\9KQW/9O

FU/[H^*
MNPS6[O&F%?\8NZN[`GSN1K@X=;^^PXUXU=HX@[`KUTW3G_8N]SYCOWI?P``
M`/__`P!02P


4[C]_:Z_1N^B'1G:'F*W2

M$%_&\;9+DJ&^B+8:5O(F.GARDGU;C?!G?TZ&6R^J(PYJKPE/TW725DT73PJ[

MI'Q5J5^/*@2#$V?T,Z[`GWUT%*?J[3K^)3]^$\WY,L)R%VI(+:]07Y&;:/V
M`$R]^G:(.51HCN/E$&?K5;%)

.7

MF%\]YSQ-.?#SGJ
S$BBK:T

MM

M$6IYZ]=4AYR]/5.^VMP[KS*H_ARAGDN_?NGJ;S;FPJH$*C]'B'R9^N49K+7M



M/`OU@W*)_68YNV_$F493?@Y1UP'NN0=07A3F*Q13K
!
M8R#Z=D5<O+-A1E6!37(J1`X$3(/KU:%&4]C!^$@IT+@1
C\Q&+8
NXCE@4V
8]AR
M/N-*G0?8SF;V/.LV)BG.Z98)69.:<\#G
*[W^SYM*QL8YSNF&%5\)'*`Z3F

HYPF!0`N*

M[3P+`%Q0@+5S%UK
!%GJ/`!M0:'%GM-W*V98QF=^5Q9@-^\JN-SX`:IPUF

;

MZBS^J/ISTPW159Q`
U5T1OUTISO]
H&[=P$7G2D<J=%)
MRG'Y`RHG^C;_X7\```#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0]OB6VCR@``*/0```9





GSW_Q<\?/WU\_9^]T[=O/G](JM^^/#T__/P)U_WO

M7W]X^]


M$_[[YO-'UP=PZ0__WO_]^^





0R^@__KQ[/SF^W?_


Y([(_9H$#8.*MAK&X;!A/-$I)R62K4F0

(
/4']K/I;O*SQ

MV=S

RH8E8PJ1C6CAE'+
MJ&/4


M;LCH02M5*TF8




%I2)E:YA=HQR3E@P


MTGVG5N*^%Z3N!T:CH&/U


M



M5B.@(*V54I#ZJAC5@C1APZ@5I+XZ1KT@]34P&@6IKXG1+


E6:7GWDI1YA&:6:QVC').6#`J.6'%J.:$#:.6$W:

M]!HG1K
@7M^[AV.STAV/*MVC]1A'*-L[1$*UVC'*&16
2D85HYI1PZAEU#'J
M&0V
1D83HSE`84]WS_'6DF)YOE^'`
\]TN$T990QVC'*&16
2D85HYI1PZAE
MU#'J&0V


4MH][VOXG[;

M&*E;B[M65)1YY![M'WH%0JUTO99?&AH(+=EYIP[3Z:92NU$E\UHX;=MVJU









MH0KM(=N+!06SC[=:-YNWTI%Y)PD5Y1ZMWH`H&)624)N@8E1SPH91RPD[1CTG










9H%[7V%E8X)P*QTQZ/;;4'A['85];OTTB?4H2KSR+U.H/V.;S?O



M[)+0CE'.J&!4
JH8U8P:1BVCCE'/:&`T

M@]V5)!&@W./`I?X;N.PDX[M9+1
F=4


!O8\JI5=
MYDD-Q/






K*
@QOJ!.K23'7I#Z&AB-@DZZ
MG]1*W

'QYY-]WO+B\



?WKIW0G1JNHV$:DDU&)G'KF7&#1AO+K?B57X
MC!BMWG*QTM&UX!Q+L3J98R5608[Q0TTM5H$O6AQR(5HS87S9G5@%A8@_O^_%
MZF0A!B[$::
S&)55(^*%F%JMCA0@[E@O9K#K65^]R'_71879[O2!T.!E5
2HH:
9OC4)PP:\I!0VG;'5CFC@E')J&)4
VH8M8PZ1CVC@='(
M:&(T

MJ#VC@='(:&(T
1N'9F^\E3X'9X*@Z,@=ARYV8H6'
MD955U&%SL5+W!:-2T,D<*[$ZF6,M5IICPZ@5=#+'3JQ\))DWN.G%0G,;&(V
M3N8VB=71W&:QT-SN&-U[A#=/W+)))Y6P(T5AHD-'XG#0S8+6WV@*TH)D@M:W

1D'J:Q*DOF9!

MPH)1R0DK1C4G;!BUG+!CU'/@='(2=&




MSPD'1B


Q?FHE73`77T&.\?L\A5AICJ7Z




<




9!
+Z
M!KXD$*4*RC[\2!2?MHD/^WGHHAO-\G]?NZ





M:#E+P4^8:#E+V4+9F@I^(4:-6FGP0S%JU%+P2S!JU%+P@S!JU%+PNS!JU%+P

MS=9
@_=?4*.6-[P&@QJU%+SL@AJU%+SS@AJU%+SZ@AJU%+S@@IYH*7C/!3W1



T]U(ZEX`6^Q+W:Q?G@I3W4FZ7@M6BL


-/@??7$O:'
:;)KC.3X0H&5%HK[PH&5+;QM36_X)B%)306?)B3N*P/V
MEJ$.W-OFK.`3A
2]=





MCZ5@+_#$;13-UX/-OA.W7S0KV/

MLX)]^^'-:A]LS`]OEH+-^.'-4K`G/]K44K#I/EK.4K8HV]8L&W9M3]R6WEQJ


.OL0=C$-RN$UQ\`]*


MZ['J`$=]H14L!2=^H14L!4=ZH0XL!2=[H14L!0=\X2ZQ%)R[E[B#W_A*
MXLY_8P6G\7NS#=6
BCO0B[WAG#:T@J44
D

4'(:*7F4I.!




NP18?/(Z64&I3::'T
MIC)F4VE1`DJLP0UE-I4&BB-J;10.E/IH?2F,D`93*4]PYKOS%JA]%!Z4QF@
M#*8R0IE,988RF\H69=N:94NAI*:20=F92@XE-Y42F$JXQG6EGAME/O!#&4V



_6O)X42FHJ&92=


IH92F4D&I
!7R(W5I[<;K!XWUHB<;;!ZW%CS5;;!R+]L


_;

M;D^VQQ_




R1E2
*1D2
60FB&-

M%4-JAC0F8KDO&DVY]^)DW0X'/??TP[I$TQ;OMV:2ED;&W&_3N32(C'E'GA






A8*L;%7SF]FJ+*








J2SH%20E3[2S_6GT]7.=)OM
G;BVUC3

MV01%Z_
)P=^Z*[;#Z3U?7!P[;T
$Z18KLR![.M%L.--%D3A7IN13'8HNAA3?
M1\2D&ZO\0B=G

M6'ZA07;@$\W(SI'@V\VW
88.GN*;SOCRYN(A#(EMT\4QP4C7P;^M8'\
OR-(








RYX;6R4F=MNXS80AN\+
M]!T$W6]L23X*21;164`+%

QSR






LGAM!X05IG8P;^

T'.]



D)Z0@I)P331#VDD40HUBU:#539&0BXDX;[+T?.\63TY0O0E),D)R0@I
MRCG11&*(%I&



M1/

(EQ[3M
.G3
M

M




YU
+9;N&0$%DCQ;#$5@N6?LA2


UC;.





`4$L#!!0`


MG^\?OWZX_I]_E?\X7%\]O]P^?K[]?GD\?[C^]_GY^I\?__




MRX?K7Y;):;^XOOGX?G30_]Z?_WCV_GWU_.WR1_5T_[F_?SS#VZ@G4P.?+I=?
^?SCUG289;*$
M%5L/MHASS:!W!GU7XS^AVN4#Y_!OW]X^&X?7_S.ZKZSNJDK+,,-3+1,-5M
MS.8Q*&)0QJ*01V#)@9M#+H8]#$88G#RP`U\.#L25?&W'&GTC2/%!:D`Y]E5

9B)Q\$C@+


M-V<XA@TCLUJK]=QF<XO6JQD5C$I&%=NJ6:MAU#+JV%;/6@.C4X!-YI@V'/C
M[+LI2$8D)VTD-1
\N//@!W?'Q2+VG4UXG!/F-N':=_IJ&T6%A6CMQD%@O]CM



M):&SU0ARMEI.V#'J):&S-0ARMDY!PM!1)N36'#6%XD@HY4W-$H-IT&BQ\V!P




:D[8




%I
*CEAQ:CFA`VCEA-V
MC'I..#`Z!0E#1YD)C=)U5W:BX[R26A0-DM'`D5DMOS<+FH:;S6:]CY9QZ<A

MKTQQ

%[^V5K\RLYDG$-2BX*!
MTTYN7$ERJ[5QL\242EH/[?ORB*OVFK1<K8:1JT@9ZMC6[UH.5L#HY.@T5;8


M#='S


,F<EM1SSJA@5#*J&-6,
M&D8MHXY1SVA@=`I0Z+M7@IP-!SFO-D%HYQ1P:AD5#&J&36
6D8=HY[1$*#0




CL7





GX&AL
AVVTS=H[
M'3$^.*9+V8E7F#L^9;#\E%U]*W8S2R(P7EC`I!KF@EHTJ0LU4S:@0Y6RVC


M!;.3OS#\\:QE.R$L8DI9




RNSL-,(=:<PLPJJE
M:\*3EG^.1+1<@RHMKP^)?1LU5;+L]6PK99M=:+E\M6SK4&TQGP%WL(5H&]W
KOJ<+I=\.#]]/6?G[]^?K^XNOSVBL:ZPV_7Q_<RG2T;378*;LY`V
MYIMU8@X]L`1-)#&%8@F:16+*QA(TAL04D26XY/27T3/Q\W'YZ7B!:


MY*H$XT)2J)(2$M-8V1I&B:12)1@9$M-T.0W&@\2T8)9@6$A
0V8)(BM4L.Z=



MX8(U39(B!^DK.3@FF2K!T2K4G)9K'*AS6D2G*MS6D2'*]*S$@SC7.V?F

MS@&^44C
@7R6X
L$Y$V3X`.%Q!S/YS3X3B&I5`F^(4K

V(^O68)/G%/S!?8+,$E
M(/!&N'#.^;:!$Z#2RK@`TV20V)N3.`TN)$)=4DN)@)=4DN)\Y=$DN(4
MY=$DN(P+5&3X$X*M#=-@JMYX`-M)I'.ZGJ'5P=`Q]H?LLA







M!YH$-P7#!YH$EP'#!YH$=P+#!YH$5P/#!YH$]VDGYHIG+@_NT$8.-`ENSD8.
M-`DNT$8.-`GNT4[





E-N.FS`0AN\K]1TLWR\&0HX*625=

6`%8V0[F]VW[Q@3%I)4W1O`X_$W



/

YR7-6T'60SF+YEI`/X7V2MJG##),1$;D^QK,`
M5#WKX1Q`H3']4I#.:Y1K\A0M9$FT+!)FW$2;0,WB(ZAS9BKT]G`9D&^'](
M-+N!G\3#BIS'F-]9QOS)[1;,K_FS9)]VQ_3.\N8GES0_:3Y^RFY+O@G7E4&
M

CDN





M5['V=/\SYI[N7G[[_?M_[H]/WV'BUX?'A[?_E4;/SY[ND_SK\_'E[M='U/NO



M];N_/IZWD
/#Y[=O'\_;W8O.=:/=;'7.SWX]O+ZE#R[M^=G][Z]OQZ=]I=3T




8@B\$H!GD
QC&8Q&`:@UD
MYC%8Q&`9@U4



DH998Q&C')&8T831E-&
T9S1@M&2T8K1FM&&T9;1@6C


B$R)3(
MC
B\(@BL2%Z+BM2JNB2R(K(F.QM/M!&WI%.0G1V1?9T$;FXB9EGWL_BSY*%#
M/:I5JN\1UDDU5W0:H2L&JB7M

M77!DHEKUTE^%I9^JEIB?

M]RAXFEJ=R($#U1);0T8IHXS1B%'.:
QHPFC*:
9HSFC!:
EHQ6C-:
-HRZA@


MJPP8#1FE'B$2+_TB8ZT1HYS1F&U-6&O*:
9HSK86K+5DM&*T9EL;1EM&!=O:
M
BY4O9

%H+4UE*0UG$E2&VM&6T$J:VM






9HSK86K+5DM&*T9EL;1EM&!=O:
=H'
M*'1S%'N42!1:F]SL`XZG!4


S8_9[006^_FN!0M7\'F
_U*XI3!);#+HH95/W=<^JB

:()M5Q30;I,
MF7'.:.%)%1;2T%:KA4G7#/:2$*UM66M@K5V@C3'?9`P]FZF>E3QR.?5D@C
MH]$#W'
.U:FN/
MH2M1



M2
+J1=R\ZC0:T8.[5!6QO6)#:T8;28@'_S2D&7
M1HT-62OU!-6Z8H9:XT8Y8S&;&O6E-&
T9SMK5@
MK26C%:



MO2B4EL/.^X/0*%XEU'E]:%2+U_=:


$J:4QW'






Z^S
M!-.WQ+W+68(I&LIF23`[3MRTA].
(7&S'Y9@8IRX&0]+
/U-W
2')9@%)V[^
MPQ)
AA

&8)/H3`VY8$WT/@;4N
A5E@0?Q?#,61)LGTIK;<9=E$D[ILZ


M'2L-]IBA=2P)-ADE/;-LV%V4#$P)]AAQUOU22%)30EV%5N9PBW`;8.P@M6

P@N6!)LT7LM;8#HZVMD1R[@A.W293K
M@YW`\((EV4/BMHQRFAY*T#-+@



MTEAO



M0]@LP54;:&MK)


#
MZQ





$%``&``@````A`![VIJB)(@``OJ$`









G6_Y8`?$\[`J(OS[A?/^'<CST?%72KIZMS]?K@]VCGVEK#
T]B[/




M4K!-P5$*CE-PDH+3%)REX#P%%RFX3


X8G3.Z8'3)Z(K1-:




_W9OMQ=U]



./4X)CQ1;^4CF6-./@T$UK-E[+)B4A*7E40J
M
EU/.J'I56RZF93$=$ND(]/]I*.F9VFIATE)3&^)')'IXTE'39-#3B8E
7U*
MY(Q

3T;4BB2$




M*UJ1K:#:\5

M+=%ZGLPW!M426UM!KU;EB'


T;F@



M/=(BKY.7RXUJ2)%O(]-QH+J%U!0O]N;C0NO40/*`G@9*20ST:M0^WT:E




S85KC$[L4
U:+WJ]YL@K\#OZ<K2

S9W;JA=


&D8MHXY1[U%0
MU
86..W\:43.!*




M@K1FW8F6YM@S&CS:_;QO


M/UFYRD5+YPX%HY)1Q:AFU#!J&76
23KG

M*JAWLL@PB)H;:01JWQC0+\(!/3[W3VZ?!O12RLU.%=U4
'@7I'XI!&D_4C*J








M!8*(^FX'.DX=HDCSLPE=E




^KOFS!K1BH

8CWR\8[3*0U2PR.'[X:3C!U[F._WX


*_S**K=:I6.%D4KKIV.2N)2
MN&%/4`H9(:$@Z1M-4%@[KV74+ADL^*Y]'7Q[V.=Q@T=Q!=?I($RTX@KJ.#&N

UAML
-C6


2D85HYI1PZAE
MU#'J&0V

M9PIA*_'TP*T

24T
M_.DKY)ZX26V]TMGCSGXOI=`P'AAM(Q3[




MN153^W

M
M


'2J/7*?
M%+4(ZW2=OPG4)(-6












M%C1:QJN.OWTUJB/&6T%JO/


G7U8U-DA*







!`6IJ23I(
MW$N+2]!#XEY3+
%D*7-S`99@SI2Y\3]+

?R*$;L

M+%/`.Y8$D^QL8_H-
^O

MF











M6).Y

M.]2()3CR*7-G&[%D@_ILS/K@@*+

&A1)D[
(`9ZO!.Y8$1ZS!.Y9D
M`[]M3+_ED+B#K;AL.\L




M1(@EP4&WB!!+@O-N$2&6!*=G9^[P:B[U!O5QAQ^S!&=+9^X
9);@B.G
'87
M$APKG;D3D5F`Z4S=S`R2WN=.;.1V8)CI?.W#')+
&1TID[+9DE.$8:-;4D

UG&H/:]8

M`:YJR=RE&BS!C2V9NUJ#);BX)7

M#:[$R=P](RS!-3B9NVV$);CY)G-WCK`$M]UD[N81EN#2F\Q=0
(27#$+$D







ZJTW08U!N
5[+!):_/@@.[7X^4%V:?'K@^QV
MQ]]/T]KG7W[ZZ^Z/^^W=TQ\/7Y_??+[_'3M$]G:7!#P]_.&N#!C_YV6\^^W-
M;X\O+X]?L#D2OZ^[O_MX_^04L%?F]\?'%_D?/&[O_WE\^O/YT_W]RR__)P``
M``#__P






M\?85__G\Y=W+C^?[VT][I\=O[X;GYU?O'F\?OI_V$9+G7XGQ]/GSP]U]^G3W


MOGEW\PZ1/K[_](!?8++]Y/G^\X?3WP;)[NKJ]-W']_L













M!IL8;&.P\\`[%.:A1%&(_ZA$C;TI42F*B0!7Q
.H]
17-(89#'(8U#$H(Q!
M%8,Z!DT,VAAT,9C%8!Z#10R6,5C%8!V#30RV,=AY(@]=

S
N8(
M7O

R)S(@LB2R(KGP0YC.JNY;#!




MLJZ5O


M;.8'&S]'S\





G12O9LSIXNA&O9K-&S+SDMFS6B5DP

M]PZ

MHFM&GC

G[V/_UGXR=ET$KB1[_IK19JMA*T.M)O
01=N$4(+-WZ

M

1-ES6:!EOMU6\+M'BZ)^-QJ!IN;^==QCZI[4
M0,DSM\$&=OQ4&RAYE9R$ZA`(M?4PW@-E((UXAG][*B9M7S-3CRCX9/6H'3-


H11MKI@M#LP?0\EU



Y[BBIGSG`L*
M/+F-6K.?#*(2S

YH(\LX5E_B`J9LYS


M:
9HSFC!:
EHQ6C-:

M`A1DE*D
:42-1CEZK%2OT.H?*1

M`.


M@OK(PYOKZ-*E

H7E'*Y0S$J%50JK.5RCF+4*ZT(69IM9-'B5[)`]=DWBAMS)
M18]

M



LH8Y8P*1B6CBE'-J&'4
NH8S1C-&2T8+1FM&*T9;1AM


J&)6
*D8UHX91
MRZAC-&



ML$O+J)
H1Y
\$ZM#DJ/YT)PC+Q@MPS#X)&+X/NV*7=:



MF]&741/`$RME=GS/@SL=,\P%2NW%9PQR@4=C54X*ZE%I2`7OF)4^KO2
1C

;H^O
Z9+N.4=9
%HZ1Y=N









-KY2R6P
M&^



.D$VRMEUE`TS

EH*.[KBNQ




Q

ME7

M5LYQRV@G:!\K+%A4$FW1AS.DXCF@1=$4(AIQI];*OBLX&

M@OXW


LE5!2-C8KHSCH81
3&]


U

U!?
U!;=K\7LT!7=M\7LT!3=O4=\T!3=L4=\T!?=M4=\T!;=O

S4%SQZBU6L*GCE$
MCFH*'CU$J]<4/#R,5&N]_P0^$]4'#XNBE6C1\)@H:HBFX&E1M!)-P4.C:6:

M-5%3\/`\ZINFX(68Q+P\P;T8WH5)S#L4K.5F,2\2L$*WHQ)S.L3K.`5&QV
M-66M$W4M.%5-11+=5X_0%U5%/PR@/JJ*;D4
RCZIPVO
&4F+=86
'+2XEY
MF845O
.4F'=:6
&K3(EYCX45O**4F-=96
&;2HEYJX45O'J8F+?36
'KALAK



M!O)`4_IZ1-4_1N,1\YHSS`)^'2\S7SEC!5^(2\]$S5OQN

M$(X5?&@O










XQ

PA6(.(.9\PZ'4*`5-

M2@;%G-K.2@[%'-[.2@&E4)42BCG)G7UJ_)Y:_3T-E$956BBMJG10.E6909FI

G\)BH
M'E
H4U5)H:2JDD')56'DJM*`:50E1)*J2H5E$I5:BBUJG18KF@Y,!LG,XW/
MQ\EZS_GF+)H:YOY3;+0XBS'R5+C$W.+4VGE4VSG:/8I-G





S<[;E]UA




M:.





&#


I(QD
MC.2
%(R4C%2
U(PTC+2

M2
Y(P4C)2
5(S4C#2
A]`-7)5R\%.JA4C-5-M!A^CZBV/[6`GU6Y,
MG$CBC2^-*(7=B!ER8R.F283T:)B1X<+K8#HX45,R1G)&D9*1BI&:D8:1EI&





M*CJY=:*BT0HOXN&1KQ:!/^1


ET[
^U)E]:#IM5KKFJ&DI</Y
M\B;TQG%K74B[(R1

J=(^/

M3J&]?@)F4(0
:[0!\)+6A+S


M%\E77*OFJ+$%?R+?6B^2[QPM-[@?;!IOFDP



(&=X


M$[('-HF#7%TO4]:W1)8K=4V$#O-5RN=]*3?H!J_+X843^9^S$O)R7TOV6X3;
MD@]247PX8+4;-.[A&+FZ*FD:O4;['BZ65TB*AP[JO&K\1L4`4K4Z'5PN_6R7
MO


M!J[O%V



E)%ISKQNJ
DC]M

R7@9'C+$Z'N

F[!J2)Z*EEPM0)EI'F*&Q8H(UEPC0+1D2RX!8#H2''#R3^B(UEP

ZD@6'_8B.9

Z;

LN.2'N$D6




M[T0?_@L``/__`P!02P












M_CIUQ7H`6\^_C9]OU6FX'MUPN]KL_)`$&]=Y+ON!5BS6=8K7?FCK?[G32'U*

M)Y%;$8G/]S#UN%JCRFD^Y(\/7?OFH'6A1W_/V8-`(N02\HJ]3H*C[@7S?F+N

HV?_9
M`'-G&Y`KQQ*8=Q0LR$H/&9(N@6P)4`70R**OEF1#?Q*76=&VBKC[W5);[K-=

M51&-
)X=V&&CH3E(K%`YM(G!I(:2&8@5$4T(MBVA0A#=2(44IH(*F!9`9
M540CLK,28:A.A

JLB?12N$FO


MA


R\






M07Z!%-[TQO#Q/P```/__`P!02P




+]YY=O^-OV
M&4E)FL<O4&VS9=;AIYS9]0_

H85#&H
M8]#$H(U!%X
^!D



M1$HB%9&:2$.D)=(1Z8D
1$8B1Y\$OL+PU'QE





BEAU9$:K+:7'3



MM46X3S*



K/08+HE/.%UR^@VY58K\8?T
M7!#C=PH^UMMD'77FTI8*AKBM@3-4L^W&%32V5XMDLXXF\-:I2%
Z-M0S&ES!
MJ=Z8A^.'P^A4Q/8Q
!1V2DS$JJ\-CYYI



+K?KZ)$P.@TQ?0SLA&/?I`2:
MH^=4(7#TC())TFKY7IV1Y[,24V$T;U86!9,DV6JX8,NH8UL]HX$+CHR.0<'`
M4<M7,J2)AT\3BZ)),IHX<JOECV9!\W2S7J]VNS`*+9V&W-M*D!N0-:-&T&QZ
MMUJMXQ[I-,1T)\B9[AD-@JSI0Q+'SJ/3$--'03STEZ^D.!./'#TG+_X<:;4


B?(T7+]ZK-;KQ`TFIYTV;%




\HN50P:AD5#&J
M&36
V@%+31)@]?2TML


MY+;@VV\



*D8UHX91RZACU#


NH8]8P&1F.`0D=%@9^$18C9


M.7ZT*
P%X_UHN=4R

T
M'=`9I1D)L

:S+$

MU.





X89;BYU3K
X?3.O&.
M\473D?N:BG(-:Z2ZSF_UZ(U
M&]_NL=B[B&:HQNF(\5:0
]ZQ\5ZTK/$MOCS91BO)@]
1XZ.@R7CHVR!?\7S+



C


M?
^ME@U




U[MAHIZ

M!WH+;[7


JIS'9&N%G27W.+L%`DJ+#(WW8B6JY#



M0)/@:0P?:!(\E-%238('+UJJ2?#\14LU1[#:*DF0;:


MPA)LN$G-]A*6Y&N
+&PFTR2(:N8





M?BL@*54)CJI`2[4R.+$+=4D.+@[=$D.)X[=$D.*4/5&3X+`*]#=-@C-[




T7\[G%_F'N<#EE\L^_K\`````__\#`%!+`P04``8````
M`$`03Q]8P<:``#`?@``&0```'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='


KVKO`@1(@B(\ZS(LJV*);HD)=[[WY\U
M!)J-F=5RG#S$]M?=R!Z
`!Z




W;`G_OWA\








M(:WSC
B




M


E83J0LU7A.I4=!$Z$)0



M

M5K/H;EADRRC70$MWIV;1+5ADSZC40*?;#[N/@]I%N/)4_`;A2CQ6@ZA+/UZ#


TH8I8P6C):
5HPR


9PC2

O=KR015^

7$VKU8RD
M7.YNJL/FTB!M#%/Q4C1KT-\
EZN7[&/
*&&4
EHP6C):










MP#VCD@
C5R]Z:MZT!0C)TV7EX3::IUJC47+T6Q(/W]:-4D`8N&T%
MJ=:*429(M=:,-H)4:\LH%Z1:.T:%(-7:,RH%J=:!427HI.7EU#V?63D]<;^`
M)PB7^%9.@ZO&5+Q:77F#SL/MO:`=S-5!6F',,@FC5`/=5<P8;E<'45ZRS(I1
MIH&U\DUP5J[5090W++-EE&M@K7Q]W?'^[JMG?K+A@I6W3


4HX\`UHPT';AGE'+AC5'#@GE')@0=&E1?HYS2H'4K1!QTRY;1&


M1(W0($1WVGA!7M!
D(X9S!G%@C0P890*4JT%HZ4@U5HQR@2IUIK11I!J;1GE
M@E1KQZ@0I%I[1J4@U3HPJ@2=M/P$OE'RZW/)3Y!N:NHA7]=585JW?J=1AL$U


4H8[1FM&&T990S
MVC$J&.T9E8P.CH/^0ET3_M


^

*S)Q^*C



M-.CGDWLEKE5GDC@9;

M*T:9!IZT.S?=
2@X\
*J\0#^!;U0I!ERE:)`_D#0(GQ@:





BM&6:A
9\W7BT4<V#*.7`
M!:








MD3G+@EHI

MM2RH1N.(6A:



+WL[$'E@6


/$I
(6S'&*W!P8
MRX)[6
QM8PLF.B)SE@63&9$YRX*I:Y&;F\1J



M!2M0H!U8%BQ$@79@6;`*#F*L0@T6L
<Y8%
MZZS`8EU/L0)<Y!8&XU^*E=XBMSX86[#@6^266
+UGV+W-)@;
'R;JAA699)


M8EFPXC)BK&.`=9418UFPO#+:CF7!*LMH.Y8%:RFC[5@6+*F
MF-;\(Q1OR4=



MV


F?]4JR!C\Q9%BR%C\Q9%JR(C\Q9%JQZC\S9
M%CQ]X-





MRZC%$UQ$+9Z.(GR]B?=S@5L?BR]QXV/QB1M0


M^!U#PO@N]_$5'Q0__?4KOA1_C\\^=][!^?/Q^K_P`&Z.G][_N/_P```/__
M`P!02P

MW)F:LNN.
I+\.SBUJ@?DUNOO^N=[NQ]?'\



TB?%E%$!
M`^N
MY0B?$I16`I1*LLSHU2A2NFTT7(4&XV:627U-FH@+2ULP02%!9L9F@
MB5!)X`$Y=D`$@J*`!)4MNQ,4(62H!-`@B9LIT!01%`@N:S015*@DX`9JR
MH$!01%`@A:S015*@DX`9JQH$!01%`@JIG##N1:68/H!J5)H3/UI:%*H&3

=4U9-@]-Q$`@@0B)I

MFC*6@S(%FB*I![SAS9796A8%DS4)6E[&M!%K@;D\6

M8
:
'N5L3H_M(3`\IH/U:BGO)MISER6149/UJ&@J7`I!DIRN]FI(`-
BG

?#)7)9X+*%@@7][
M;`AX\K)A=G0$&W:SJ4!EKS





M-!_49KU\S-EMSNTV!E9D'UP;QJ@




\CAH7RXB$(U3!LH^F<%^]4AG#P@I@GD
$YE`%

R^V^\A!$1I9
M6:+[/6$&K[Z7$F!A15P1&`.54!]U.X=?)#NW;LARO]%5/ID-'26WY#MQ7

#\CW@W1L-`-D=T%*L-P&1

-^[

.NQ_!Z235Z)=1:

MGNJW4A+P\)Y03=2N%B#LW+LJ=FX*G7*@
LK(`CPJRD.53!LJ=FX(TT!][=


U
MQ^


.CAQ1+X






*GTY]98WIYV6U'



YK.T\OEWBZW`J'RGKM5M[(K/3T\[^P=

_KTXOTT??SOMGO^Q.XXVV[9.K@)?

]U380
M@_;D!H


17C=1



UITE.

&N=5.Q

M2
=PH6X9@3I0Q






M%PQI*DD6Y=.]24X^I)44JTD#8!$?W4)

]$


Q*_
C
&OVS6BI(VJO)FRA9E9@Q1X1@I
R
-4&;&$*#H4OB+
M.J:2_+639M[^A%ZB4L!EM(O2I*7?X
\FX*..49%**P`J#V;#$XABJ@B$VU
M`4;B0ZQ
)A5$06V4F9'XE9DQ^)7*4.[RLUQ)_MK*LFH#U%S%@9A,=A\T(!
M*RH##+UQEBM!6F$QV$(5Z'BM)%ZURD`4OO=H48AKPJ)*(2A44WMH
!4?]RJ(
MD=7&QA#QS38`M-AP)7-#!6`$G:L!T?UT+4O-\@+`9;J`(*5]$2@
];+0%1
M6`&WF`I9B`(+)_&`03GP;@I4.3&(0@6*!



CJ$**$E3232BB&QAJB?M.D5ITE7BIHXWFG!BB(6T09#^O(2K5'


MAQ


)Y`$OX8*?^

MPGFZV:+P3$T+12JG8M8-/F_=I8&*+F_09A
=A%5BIL(H))6_;VXC-Q5H
<)ETI]BT16-A*VEK_^Z9_4%('Z)P
MA2)N[7[PT0''D`IUE+&\1[S[YE@8HI`83'80A50K
::=(!35A
^%H8H'6O7




8(?+M.[?_?ERW2QKPSY
M?[[9=\%&^^Y(=F^#7Z;I$G]P64IOESW]'P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`
M1:!I
4%``



MN;@V7;0R_TRX
JN?7ZX/N2RO$.*IN!3M3QW4]\I\]?U4R3I[ND#=[RS.\BZV

M_'66'][S5F^_587AS^*2DW84YJ`D]2/BOH]X


M1-

M/%@/X&RNF5HVMH+(JH1Y*W,E?.K\FH,F!NPOFX9^-U\`I=R0UHAR!8ZA[$

A`F*M9BZ@I5U
MX\

A`L6R:I'






M/I8U]BE=

M*N8J#$-ANG
'
RB;[Y:@
:IH_:11E


VMD[@[(Z;UO(I+G2K-L:HMUW;R8&9?.IL!M?

8A8.
M3P$H*P;AIDA3H+KFWD;40_WH88$Q=\:(LGMN62@?U;#13J&6W3G-'%$VGV6A
M?%2M^A9/J-3$C#M-4B\=SF+O.3KOSIC*5Y\`RL^]&2/JHQEW
D93I#V@BC;J
M^82R













QKGCQ\?'TZS






M]$W=#*KF

MO[_&
4





M(+(DLB*2$5D3V1#9$LF)[(CLB1R(%$2.1
HV\7*(SJB=0[ER.HRK+
):E\Z^
M?VI-:J=;=



B)K
M(ALB6R(YD1V1/9$#D8+(D4C9)EZF
)RR
N6PGZF&M*Z11&9$YD1B(@F1E

?D
M7-V$R+73N?L9;



MA;^M[NAVU`W.JB4IKXAD/[.MM;^MWNVH


MS07U+X&Q(`U
&*65&LA2+66@E1KQ2@3I%IK0:JU$:1:6T:Y(-7:5*MO2#5
M.C`J!*G649!JE8(J+3^!KKC1JDK)
*!;%SUP#R79FC2H[P8.4I$:A3=

MQ




M$VF0:LT;K;ZB6)#^_H11*D@#%XR6@E1KQ2@3I%IK1AM!JK5EE`M2K1VCO2#5


#!VE`

H+UEFQ2C3P%IY'-SX

M9315I';+:)#?

NR22






LHY\`=HST''A@5''AD5'J!?@*_4XGK


M_`2ZJI9Q27;/^@6S+X+TZC]E-&
T9Q0S2ABEC!:
EHQ6C#)&:T8;1EM&.:
=

4/NX%Y:M8?%0\
M890*^N'V%N+5;*\[&G2[P=FQ%!_=WHI1)NB'VUN+EVQOT!MU@Y-](SZZO2VC

74W-
M:H9-^:W=#)ORFTX


D&J

M`!IY#4Q8*^7`!:
D%^@ET53#K

*891)&J0;6RN&4TT(=1'G)

R6


D*V[5K/H;@2I[I91+LC6W:E9


T9S1C&C
MA%'*:
%HR6C%*&.T9K1AM&64
]HQVC
Z
H8'1F5'O(3Z&[7K00VM_'M!#:H
MW3P)S?J$YHQB1@FCE-&T9+1BE'&:


&N?*%7B9ZP5!YKE[2)\6
$I9/U:LM'XQN



M]@Z

S



T&J




2)W[-#J`PO:


/9L-D$&'A
1

M/7*C-;9@[!ZY01M;


2U36*:F90:+JTE:1[2/(VI94)W&

\:%66!3
]:%66!1
^D9L/X+W&)`_:FV7!U`[:


C4MF.B






]PWO/T;N_3BVX!U'W'M9%KS1ALQ9VYG!XEY38C6\O8;
61:\Q(;
61:\
MRX;
61:\KX;
61:\MH;
V1:

&4+%@;`L;9^#]8'
MP+&V+%@F(')OB+
:E@9`%BP+%@1`%BP+U@7`66)9L-QY-Z0Y^U@B07\4LN




R.WPB);L(PF:H*698)]FYC[AG40



6;\42^



JF88

^00=J!DS1


M8D(5'T3`LSLO]??GZW^\G;]B^AA?93^_X7/RU5\_G^X_G/#5[\X[.'\\G]_D
M'SA$-^Z[]]5GRG_]?P$```#__P




MFWG]/?V;

_Z9

MI*!+P4T*;E-PEX+[%#RDX#$%3REX3L'/*5@
X\N!60R#.1`9O(6
WD*&;R'C

MJA3L4K!/09V)@5M@XIZ%)PDX+;%-REX#X%#REX3


DXN=6]
M[55SK






F


M9:-H2S0:KJ#*A[N^N#A/BK6DQ
)5BG9$H^'V5`V]2[I?4V#!&D4MT6BP`U7L
MVWDR(AT%QV#QX
-S=O`=3P:_1QA\ULK2/;`B--M(Z']:R`PWBK9$YJL@
M

($
M]%RJFTK1CH:7OLWQO6!O']-OK4X:1:T9'EM\%?L]V


U(X_O:AY=Q:F0W+*7
M7C6+QEV.'[SJ\N*X=)Q<GUV<);/-FH[L_K7Q+T9QH6JT7!%$BYSVE'2D86K






(<1:X37XN_K-?Y0%/0IWI6X&0V*$3^V([*1P363]

H3,$,6!/976C


Q8@ET6C$2B/N:!A&E`77WE2





CN`4NJ#*T4K15M%&T5%8I*196BG:*]


Y6=?+]-U-Q#E\KVBC:
'R2LP&Y]Z3CHV<&%QZ%
MX]

MGEM3Y=M\



M6E(5^4H;45%EC=@1189I(_94Q8U(GDO45$6^TD8T5%DC6J+(


M7E&MJ%'4*CHHZB(47^'DL&&XA^JAPH5'X;I/T$I5:T4;15M%A:)24:5HIVBO


MOLT'$]!-%Z%XQ


5H$=N
M61^

M
9*/M:+0=;=XR;<=AD
7M2&J@

'%3(^HB((-K**5HK6BC:*MHD)1J:A2M%.T5U0K:A2U









M^QYJ)+

VWIA][?66C:$LT&JV@JH\VF5^G/SE04F'1*D4[

M_

7'JGCC_^DTNBX)&M1R^<2)B*

M2JFH4L\[4WG/R99J;P)ZKA4UZKDU5?X







5Z&^2JK
5Z6^=E29K[WZJJDR7XWZ






97;LDSE*QE;$_!*%NJF
M-)5WDVQ&*A/0S4[=[$WEW21+E-H$=-.HF]94^4X=3$`WG;JY


MT4X-]ZJJ%35JV*KJH*A3PQM5W48H'AIW5)@;FOX(
7R_Q(T)1LO=H(.A23:)



$2X[M

.C]QR/ZC/Y`1_



M%HL


M9G#=H^AGK=/O(PIPJ`,\[&\0;:B*MRR#)]397EZ(9HU/V6JE/NXRO@-LJY




:=G
MX=\CF9PY31JF9^ZEL6'
S^6776GJWOT99/.9+7*2QK@%1M`8KD4F9_W*`Z?D



]TN_8+$Y.?
LV(]E&)HK.K16&!HK#&T5AM05
MAM05AM05AM05AM05AM05AM05AM05AM05AM05AM05AM05AM05AM05AM05AM05
MAM05AM05AM05YE)7(5)7(5)782X77.JJ



(;H
NR$+0MR2
M12'FLV0L[@(90]QGV`-9$.*1+`F1C
53(&.(YPS[F2P(@2*RO`A2*AV
Q=M`


QS$F$24KMU!G7)'/&16:/.]&%7O?SV8&
M,O84?1I,R=!^86B^,-2/,-2/,-2/,-2/,!2+,!2+,!2+,!2+,%2&L[#4!FB


P.#C$FCHPREPPNF]5G




M]4@




54=C\X@2



P5`.-


M%!5D$OI'!8DO5)`P5T&T'NV%*RH3
HR;+M2GY9ZEF9LN:'^J)Z[$3#/$L&S4


MJ2\
J4]C:R.272&27:R1[

M
6RXW72A7BTQ@M\/=;E
K]9\

9O+_;-&;+.9MFBS9\GNPE[E.[X`CEY0A\EKV%3GI@O3
0@Z
MUL-@QD2WA*%3-.Y7@I/+2?)`OEO$OI'_HLOY+\PY#^-1SN!DC`=@Z`DQ%*

M83NR\)1NGX


MP6?P.//&89DSXPK,CM'EZ2!4TP7.MY8`WV0=9NLG1(CMYKDLON06)NNL#K

M_!=?R']AR'\:CW8)6$Z!D%)B$.4A#4!(U/=0(%8A+Z1X&(+Q2(




MEGZ6::ZJ:'^R*V[2
-$0Q#(R-VFXQW?9
O//]:(RX[


$ZM\+KL/TK

MG6A7W)3!(

)?MM+9&NM3.4*2V.D!J*QP2(SP+
M=KE

Q&I'*(FA*$F

M`5!$X@Q%)
P5$:U'N^'JRH0
XZ8
]6GI9YGF=AFT/]D55V8F&H)81N969NZ!
M7;;
_/.]:)?!9W[6




M9WP0:3\VCYXI1




3AG0R.
M)F.ND\'Q+74R7%*=W1X+QU1&4*B6$12J901]2[6,J51M=K5\HRIC+-3)&`MU
M,L:^I4Y&7:JS#J=YZCM6R!`,%3($OZ5!F6JL'%R\#`J/QG.(*T3=33$(`UU

MZE-7Y7699


3MG5]'%W]_NI9OSZHX-#OB$3
W3EO:@-ZGPUZW
M!8VMYV?75I2M:-3=A70PL\TTW1KJ6V%G^%VYOLF6=_/?&0NVE+
4-E/
Q/=



P`.%'T^'S;I^J\V?X@#K9[*

FW5*2[9UL:V

;6]L!V
[&MO)V
[&=C&VJ['=C.W)V)Z-


M&.E.K%GA`N4P;VQY+4=[@XWF!ANM#38:&VRT-=B0;K`AW:ZM[]/XO0-N!0J?


6DO%42S]MDJ0H\[]H*SXME134]


MKOO%8@/WVV2I6MSOV@KWBY5/#KQ9[XP;6]YKQLW:U@O\J/RZ$)ZWR5*S\#S8




WB=US;\#Z5340;6W8&!X




/!IKSN&(TV'*S3=3[VC$_!AD_=\@J?M-ZP/M4+

/;;GF%MUI5=+QM#[/::PK34FW3
MQF

-;!




_
W8T







H386
F90N
M'[27K1&QII2
B#IE?T0$&R

L[I4B7H.12(G(
-



MOEQ@KC@

MHZIH1%4A-ZH*-E05








@JITN5(*O&J&=ZV\SAI!BEA8I16BXP
MYYV6-T

T(J90(F(*




M'4.V(^G3


MC\3=



_OFM]


MJ?6@]8&NU'K0


NK3&M.R9S%T[32!?YHG
MK.\\3CHA[I;Q6*GF$

M2(.6T0QIT#*:(9U9AE2D


MIO%G&:YI_%F&?SH&6(;;&IN6X9K&IF75-PQF]6O=8Y3T8G=M\.GU[I&R1?I(
J3TO
ZG?KF[SZQL2
+^O9O/IT!RLRR_C0




M?JAEB%3[H98A4NV'6H92M1]J&2+5?JAEB%3[H9:A5.V'6H9(M1]J&2+5?JAE


E5I;205!^'46H0ZG5
7IA*+4Z

U4..
?2'&O^.T7M#C7_'Z%3M25N&:(92CLM'E(=2CF
$7WO@EC'PAQK]
CR,2BT1V/9
MGX?#1RG5W?R%4H%2JJ6+BN*,I<N*XJ6EJXKBBZ6;BN*2HT^*-6Q9S&4ZMB+
M&$IU[%4
I3KV40RE.O8FAE(=VXNA5

82G7L+(92';N(H53';F(H
MU;&YV#LQKD+\3@RK$*)45^9:9;X3W2JX*-7EVRD?2G4

MBE(M0ZE3E&H92IVB5
M0ZA2E6H92IRC5
I0Z1:F6H=0I2K4
I4Y1JF6*X+B*
MH[UQF`A^;64.$*)HZ5$$,JOH\AJR@BQ;:JD]8YV*NGPX[1!0Z:,$,MHQI15
ME66,DDCQ#(D

ML93C&*(92SF.H9RQE.
8HAG/^'&
03C62'2
D3C62'1


EDF#U?6B^FTHY7XC
M;E37BSPE1E!^W1F`XE]=+_*4.$'YM7GI(BB_CKX*\N
8ONJ:D64
8ETSLHSN

&HJT:6$6E=-;*

M#EV%LPR!ZZJ192A25XTL0_RZ:F09(M95(\N8P'05SC)4KJMPEDE3U163H5L#










MY&#)$7*TY`0Y67*&GVY0Z67%72Q8\\_7&%SGCV)Z39_Y.'M8[EBS)L[1D
M!5E9LH:L+=E`-I9L(5M+=I=)7O(WI+;F#'GWQ/#$UQO?`Z]LZ9]!.?$\X

D)

M]E:LH/L+-E#]I;LZ(.=[8,]9&_)`7*TY`0Y67*&GVY0*Z6'.XX![QSQ^`3



MT9(3Y&3)&7*VY`*Y6G(:





/ZX/

QV/=L?M

M.%[NQR_7Z]MJ


Y&

MKM3=L1






MS:(@%$&ZJ'/8T%!LUVUIXI5MN2KK$'HF'8D(T@J)620EV23OYIJUT6(&*X:

MT\2+BIRT3.+Q=S%2B.PE19X_2#R#EN%(0Y:O6KION./ONF^-%KOO'%_NPE/U


MLI90Q9`QK74,&225NACJ$`!:KRU&@*T*'`BH2W5SC59(Y@K[?HG@_B+S0
M*DC!6APE01\5.=2^67N5]%5+J/DI]ZW1XDGO'%_.VHM_4!;WN+O@+)S#4%V

MK!23



MDM1:6!]=V/3Z7N1056O.
CEIV0F&(M[E@2EIH1=2ZABR,17+7TUK&5\M1+J
M&.I]N9&C*E*+AR%R=*5J)QB57%4Q@W4^;!IXE63.6EA;?(L%!(J5JD^LP;
M!/=&!38344V
U

MWSPF+0





4KDM;9\5J.SR1.8Q:1GB@F5!
W


7$!=YBO:R9D9K[
M*+7PM'*CQ8P6$BHEM)90):%:0HV$6@EU#N32I^I6B[YA





G+M:$A2:+7N;L/HU

M

SJI]
M*P]]R*+
VKV'^S%^\*3E!$534X`7`V8JS7+`Y*$?7Y^^VR\J$-&D_LA4?^AW

?CU)/@D]E._

M20F)BEXIR=($WD+MY)H&94V!21J7J4$`8=V0I(L6:Q4]I8VV$I6*F-+7:



2G%U7ZIPF)3BR(CI#DBP&.S@+
M2)LL0;SI2D:
)UJIZE7:H);&2$

!A?





&@``&0```'AL+W=O<FMS
M:&5E=',O<VAE970S,YX;6R
(PJ.]5=V[N+\?P[[\^O=N%P36]W-YZ^[U


?Q-FK+

MR;F(BH@\G0[GAAB(L@=]?3F&3VS_(4O#Z'20!?JGJ=\&Y^]@N'9O/_?-^;?F


?K
4RVFRR/$\:S
'BNA_%3(YX-@^IU&+OV
M7P5B


++9D&D*GJ=





MA1-;#\U%@UPN#@BIH.PE%98RTW1N]&].X


DD2E+GJ-]^YAZ&$
MS$)H@6.(E4F2H
*GS2O-BV)9%:M1

MW3`QZG;;;J6LF6@4




`0JWY`Q:G?)6&EK
AJ%9P*(F4X`09//


T\-T89T#=]CS=&&=#W

].Y?3&H(2]%6-4
?I:

M5__=2-?]\L\K_1^GIDOSF$[GX-)UX_2!DHK
?X9._P$``/__`P!02P
$%``&

/





M^


Q_=O8?7N-*T)N?0?_UT_OK]S^^


2@C$$5@SH&30S:&'0QZ&

0YC.ESUF+/S
MN


#IT&2(9D9Q(0:0D4A&IB31$
M6B(=D9[(0&0D

7&O7\43K+UW(.18[J]HZ#S.7'8PD<SF1@DA)I)2$VF(

MEI*)U?E^P?GN8G

M&F=!^UAAH;LUYVJ;1@9`MU

X


&K9L6/4L^/`:!1'O:)T1PXAH7NUIM6H2_K4#A*6_=
M=K
K=(Q3J[;Z+NX^WDI[?2J.RY!Z=7U)W

4Q2/&2NM4A7]**:H[5
&K_5OA.K21\S[$&1J
ZK@HZ

:K9L6'4LF/'J&?'@='(CA.C6=#^&L-=\M@J]7Y7$P6RTH
MG*VNHC7\SOWPZ#JECA*IH&#0YSL^[ZB#4Z.P?S(W8U2+,4Q2)&[&Z58BZ/F
MOF'4CH9OE
KZ0^](`T_

M=46Q0]^@:O9(*S`3*T6Y((U5-)2*06I8\6H%J2.#:-6D,;J&/6--;`:!2D


O=^O*
1*VVXI*$B1
B0,<H%K49`01JK%*2Q*D:U('5L&+6-%;'

*^LNEN\N^2M
.9**TC%$3=[

M=!\0CFJ5


MSSS2X73'*&64


MQ-FR%1!4AD=Z=[D3*T6I1^'C$%?1ME.F5C):YHP*1B6CBE'-J&'4
NH8]8P&



&H9

J[CC;`=V*EX)44+^NHQ6P)E8


MFN+`:!1T





MT

K:2MY((T
M5L&H%+0

8[M9+PO2`-/S`:!1W+^*0&$GD6

M((W5







M@EE0QBAG5'LDJTJ1C6CAF.U;-4QZAD-'&MDJXG1'*P'QS9
[C@/0./W&BJ

$X]%UM
C
)+PV^ES0L1Z]/%
D6=442W$
4N01\)`O:1\U

-202A5=8P;?Z964ENY((U5

KNPN/--NI(+V/SACE@M2Q8%0*TE@5HUJ0






VH8M8PZ1CVC

8)TN%TQRAEE#'*&16
2D85HYI1PZAEU#'J
M&0V
1D83HSE`8:&[U?ZJI7_O$;[+97=@W0
$:6?;=+=X-0C]TR3#K/QIR4S
MM9+1,F=4,H958QJ1HU'JZ?96K5:937^=%RG5I+5GM'`:&0T


)`BR!D5DKY&
M+M7*1XYV$2LUD

Y6*VVBE-!@2-MHZB5#@,4JQ`K7=J6@H+P[Z+MG4JM)'PM*.@\
MJX+:;XHV8J4IMH*%.
+ZM1*4NP%::R!T2CH9/A)K23\+&@?/JSF]9[)^M:6

T@C1\*TAC=8QZ


M[^.2]SX\BJ:D:


2OW_=B=3(3`V=B-!WC3$QB%60B7M3
8G4L$V'#


M&/6

_*




M+%3C16\F5K@)UC$F_O$F%RL-7S`J!9U
L1*KDRG68J4I-HQ:02=3[
3*[T'R
MIU%ZL=#4!D:CH).I36)U-+59+#2U&T:W'F$]ZVZ;=%()&Q+RLA[U#PW)\:@A

M
!K5T8X\J8%$GCG





MD&+\)$@A5IIBJ;%668U3K-1*4JPEULD4&['2%%N-M4HQ_N)+IU:28B^Q3J8X


M(
5XL[13*TFQ%Z2Q!D:CH)/A)[62\+
@#7_#Z-:CT\NE=T=VK?8\:BI^UTJW
X![58^7F3_+QO^+'')KG==]28GR6WICT2,.-?)#\O?28.=)'<
M[OMEQ#':)JZ7<E8QG:NL[*435Q?985#*Z)Z[JLH!\EF5E8:.^):\WL@W:9
M=*:]H-<6SZ8#A'-R@'FN\0-BIP.YKC$C8VL8*I##BP%<UGBAD7VP926N-&1


M?A!B5H*?A=B5H*?AYB5H*?CO%E5HS!GYQ95:GY)Q95:GXO14NT%/QL
MBI9H*?CU%W15MY
:=_^+A?2;E5X6=PE*BEX-=PE*BEX#=OE*BEX*=OE*BE

L`C**@?2\&3*(E[BH%+
M!T^?H.8L!4^=H.8L!0^?H.8L!4_T).XI#DX'3_&@=P%3^Z@=P%#_@=P%

%3SWE;BG
MNEC9(@=;





M*TVA9*:][B1-\L'KW,C;Y:M[K10BP%[VZCA5@*7N%&[$4O,F-=F`I^'I














+`5GEJ

.6;E1)*;2HME-Y41BBSJ:1G6!DM'[.=G6WR-O6S-L.RLY44BBIJ610

I4:BBUJ310&E-I
MH72F4J

:K

&BB-J;10.E/IH?2F
D`93&6$
IG*%LK65'90=J:20LE



IC)#F4UEB[QMS;SM
MH.Q


WKV4'9F4H*)3.5'$IN

MMWS6.GP+CZWIL8.R
Y442FHJ&93
5'(HN:D44`I3*:&4IE)!J4REAE*;RM;]
M^&.
H2EN]ZR[O10#M7DOCBG1XBTF-XN/F-[W_

M]OSJR_UG/`7\=G^8S=/#K^YHF^5_7I9O9;[ZY?'EY?$KGB_'N3?W=Y_NGYP!





MZG[Q`VEZ5#I[KA/8&BEIB/P29C

&BDZ=H)5BK%

4AR;:^(3M64D8R1

M8[J:E






Y2=




M1(:B]0IRU*Q74*!DO8)REX@G-
RQF




M='













@3
MQ6.4I1B@1U)+);Y4=`TT.M#G0Y4?`T
.C#EPSH%+!+Q%S.;`X9']2X$C
!$\Q4M\+!C1CE8:I#)(;9#&(*U!.H/T!AD



6\VFCO/

*5(+
M;125@]6,'56U$3&-<M09*USL-Y:&T1
K8T1=;.#H:W+).GH6YISC'C6(F



\ZAZQC13:!A+PLZ%1N:Z657-
M]3.FY@9K;IS%M';G&5-SEQF;S*5AHZS[I;#]U_U/3#D8(OE=&?IV6HMF[`+
MO^DCI`LUS:'[&F6*B4!KRQ46ZBQ4&NASD*]A08+C18Z6^B20&E0*86/@CH'
MCU/[N

F9QIP*BTUMHL)9'E7IF@:<8OF20&E<*;V.



0GIYTZY*A:(53:1C8RVVXN?`YA5J15&3MDX@'8%Z@51J
ML.9'*W462&U=!)ILI5&AU8D7E;!JB4=)=4*5+*0L8MJEEJ'ESFKU6&7I8:5








M*
;#

,U]+
MP^E-4)9L,A3_)L70)FZQ03&:I'2]M
P%



O3*K_XBQ0O)XP);I-))NQ81



M-.*?QK
U5*4TEUJ:Z91*3:3S2.MHB9SIKI58K-9.\:!A40



94-(UIM+D4+KCP::;`U?B50\')G7K;54(NIHIB8
M7V9+J5:D7C3?6?.]*,;F5_EO[H-5'!,HC?`SV?#69L,,Q6.-0-%8(Y.2+78
MB@
5S&


MI%XT/XK49#Z-?Y:=ST&W6?@V0%G0LTRW9D$75I2)9`.?;5`ZF\CDJV`JEB


M-
F9-A[@2RV*I;1OU&P^&;9^Q59K%3L+]0+%]=JNLOEU$*E7QJBX]FDXT3K=

MD);8BV)J/IO&!Y%ZT?R8F$\C_$PJO[6I/$/)&
6I?#Q&L:)Z4HLMA1JQI8JM
M0#K4=%:Q%RE5'`12Q3%13/S=/9/*3WC:J1A*%GG+_

MU`@DR[-L*FJ%5RN=A7J!DG')3&LB]?*X)%)3B6D(H1B/2Z_]JK(C^2RT`8I?



.AWA!7DV







M[@



M392FEZRSYF^O6`K;+J=T?F=VZU4J(:9KAI+&RA70OMJJXF1ZC9.$T]\6.Y40

4G!32JI8*H)JL:5.-!9JK6)GH3Y13!WQ\YV]



MP4^')CAU1J#DT]IM'N*2Q?C3VM7ZL


FF


M88AB$CW!/!-G*9Y!]H=]]H@K%9`PUU*8ML+&0JTJT@RRW&[
2P*5$--]8B=M

R6#$4I6V6A6FS%?K%YA5JKV%FH3VRECOC)S
$F

MN)@M&8HZ7&6A6B!5;S4J0-I+-0+Y#C2)K-2#IZX'Q$S18
)7UPG3^@DJ6X
M#V[

Q5V0

]_E05ZF`A+F6PN+&RN4K
7!QV&898Z42$N=:H+BQ
MA@HDC96AT`EQ'G5^[$@G=K0Y]P(Y;==/98XVE6$HZ81!*NF$!JI9,7*BL5`K
MD-:ZLU`OD.-(G,J@Z<E,2%_Z9FDU0VDOS#/DJ5D)ESC.*DTZZ]40I\AEQ8W

HM/[5+%;
A1UNLI-4/Q
MVU(+M5:QLU?**;]




+FZH
!BNJ(CM)8]YN8B3GN@Y!R+W

MNF0?%]#LS.09R8@MA&VGX4ASH2
(0D!9#8*3#2AP:OFP3@

U&'QD

/L7V
I_B9.B7FK%-DY;T
I(&;8J=/O/\)@3X'^3H^ZE(
M+!M
\=AG
0DG0A(P^KUT5C6K';2$((;]OJ***
DFNXTY)!GQFF6DYHA7P-)N$KT
MF\RZ4S?9K&V.*;90![&/R



MF-W0


NXB%@
G$&
`V(*I)
MN^@FH3'`DXF


%(@(S
MBT5Q


R`.;$F3<3!8(C#KY2(T+`8E[C;Y;D<(A5;SR)%Z907*4[9DD@%+/Y&
M9

#25SQ;

M^4]ID.=_2(_0&
0
_`]8_+Y5L
@7^!?D(@S^L;W$/X/!/Z



M;^GDEG]?B%APY;3A(Q9.J:8Y(3RSF)2*\
3FTO!

2X]S2HOO;*A\625SYJ

M8)T

M2GXT4J_F_O3)?IXC







MHX^Y'$*RH;AX(P]BMH



UCBB

M-T\'^UA1-X_!QFK4S6N)V$R-NGD



/0MI=5I
MP#0N@\](3_05I=7!QZ(G^I;2

9C*9?!5
NKFY2D-F
9E6C#T

3AA`77S&!RC@+IY#(XM.=&A


MX#QRQ

Z'H-SM1$=C\%9VHB.QW1@Z+1H

B;G3`NJT!3K%'##RF!D/'K5L=


!CBLT2M?9:.XM0PV\_H.KR&#-8W[&*+C
M


F-Z'@
KN9&=#P&


Q64*




[C

C68VF4:

M=J^@:AZ#_2FHFL=@=PJJYC'8FX('YS'878
'YS$#F
%E1C!GE[F`N;A



MU[:KGLZ(^[NWJH[2]OB%F+\TQZ[MVY?A#N86W%$:\VZQ6\#2P_US@PC8LCM=






MWC*REIBV'I8@&U4YG/CSH])?[?2=ETQ*
KTI(1DQG4\Z:N?[&\-T

M:
'#QUGP
DA&]2`%V:H@.0G0`4PUZ*^-4R69E*0G*2$9(3DA!2'EG&@1X2:S
M1
2H'A$G(4[2R?_`7^M)BKE2@.MD4O+7AE(BE(+Q3@PVP2HPCJ)4:/C3ZF6$

['I2!=C`0*Y_=$X&^
'`NM8#/FS]N%

M_K


MJ`GA4=Q#P0CD)

MLT8FT&QOYVH@J]!PB4=
\SI5*M)VJ=G68V=]AB5VT7[

MI4)K%D5&42X0^AAIOJHE&C,JQX(ZQDL@?!60MN-'!D5:JQB['&M@=Q'1@5



M0SQL/OX:C[\TNM3=:QW7YW/O'-NW*X[K]1+G\83Y^T
SR4TP$17(VL(V)(
M8JLD@82EE%K#SMZSS%))!@E+



Z)K@ZZ1?AFDZ`CA&\V
M28&:P?
.-5:B9*P/-H@&EL1Q)PMIX:PR


O`SU7GJ1WP

7TV];#?P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@`
O?S:75OL-N+$(OE

M@/3F^^



S)EDN=A$`FH/?'
'4FDA73(;

P19*/369PC&(16?!)NLPUGS2E!
H+D!D(
M4A*D(DBM(X8PG'U;F!^MY@-)LY4Y(+%!.(L]'*Q@)=QHBZ,^&P7AUHKH;#2'
ME`Y00JE`2I%+KB*$?2C7]\D@R=!(IEY8(1*5L2I,(#E!H*4!*D(4NN(
ML7SLL&/Y##67+Q`M^PB2$20G2$&0DB`506H=
9:/DJXM7U3*%2OKXZD[?DUZ

M=:TCAGBL41







M!+7`)83!5CWC4(!B/V=B$%GQ2?%R.@4P$`'T-Z26S19RCW+II$I[0:%20IPZ

M*@K5$G((8?V$0PAO

KA4D**JZ)0;4!F

FSE7NIQ*ZL

MG96W

Y

M$=*+

M:3;NX]L*BZB-!S&N+RG^'
;/6#L=2
(8]WT.W`_B!&&C(RE&6+[0$1R%F*4-




MZPE?^%M\(]RP#SVO?3_*/]@$\_\S\/1_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`







`8YAN[[O5;I$V6X^
Y-@AG*:%D3'06E_4NH/

MG2ACP'^%LE)7E

MTGKM**7+(&+26F:+X94#*D9TCD94CG(AY)K&4286.),FUW`V'@N&E`RI
M&%(SI&%(RY#.13SW

Z1A
M2
N0SD4\1MC)!$8*]1EI9*NFF?:S=!F
9*&5DGBB73*D8DBMD3B96C5
IV5(

8`?&[\1
MJ[:T5I*,DYANDC@(AC*:-(A]19-^II##4':]&J5;(*]M;4:9+HC:#3M

M@

MR

GB\#60CK(GXR)K-[*2
M0Y6!/%K
5L

MDD




-#OU$SA_X(%T#!J:.T
M&C0B%4$V?FL.-02Y(12O@C*CM5IDOB.(+Z^)7..



=&DU
M:*`KZLT&:


M$4NK0K-0$62YU0;_)!60UKZ[!]ODR2\X&VMK7J!IM^^15D6!7VQ_.L*DI
M['3FZKI9I8&7O1I+G3+=J#E019#]^%`;R&/,;+74T)KO!IM^0SE8@?9QZ;7



7\]H
M-JY$ZR?`2&
C6H6!\0('+X0D9X.?1JG)&B1XTG1^XGQ.

KQEX#WF
M#@3\4YI]TD^30D-IAB_LDJ%UEHNN(FLS%9*\30F)BDPN08)F*DYI(9$Q2F7



N
MJ2!1)Q0NJ2&I10F.8)DZG/`V.&C!-TF2QROX-JZ?88QHL[TW!JN*^;)*DA
M42=\W@:7%_!-DG20J


:?)

M7C+UTH-+\-`%7DL2O&^!UY($SUS@M23!:Y=

M\`))
+X`#+-PE^$I$N^WV65X6@1\

__'_````

M='




MZ]7Q?1C[R_^XDB-

(*G-.+]LA%/&

GG\R^%P/Q%`
=



&I81DA.2$%(24A%2$U$NB!89R7@0F4Y)19]&+7(R
M-+B2D&P4/*BG:Z4SDKSOA&2$U(04A)2$5(OB18D#AI+D(Q.04K7$D%47J:$
M9(3DA!2$E(14A-1+HKF/%;:XSZCNOB+%


MJ
QW`\-T-2M)T_62:
'#QT7P




MGB-$+\VFCD#JI

:BF42Z3*@J)5(#*XIJB2R!L*;`$HCH%939
M!.^=TP;IU;C73\I4:O%J]-W`
\HE4QIRC7*!M(P5#BPS5C@@3/MA:)BNJ.E:
M
ZTG
.LG+)&+-F
9.4=:)0JTK$2
M

MRYH(%?J/6C^']QS:DH@V1-UFJ=#:J_W(*
HE4@U5(9GEJ46LI615$MT61+


6.]Y!$+TTFPJT**L
M







MDGV
[TUT`&H\9A5

M3R4E)*55@K2'U[8QB1/!Z^D'$F

M83=MDL0)XP37-HT4[5/
^@4JR2%A;0.5%)P[H%*T##%K&.@$G1%R$;!)TZ
M?)N*D:R;#]]L$K3@\









MV[2J%D.Q4$M&R8YL




M
/*\3M5H6!@5
YK(F$A(9$)D2B0B
B


B(R)A$0F1*9$(B(S(G

R)S(@LB2R(K(FLB&R)QF53\B7U%V9_Y
M)N/F%@&XONYW7P=IM@N6;*'
JW[.R:W)OIJTRQN1=L?:B(P*(UD`8R(AD0F1
M*9&(R$R35J\8XKRP
?FLW;.&NB,9(A+(BLB:R(;(G&95*(!GY6C(5Y7N.IU
M3;K]XI:&FO@F#B,B8R)AKJ,K)+7=FVC20^55I/IVOUM-]=/2%P3$9EITC)#



M%S9&NMVW1KTIC$0Z+I-*S%J8H*ZEDO%J=`29I3'

M%#*:
)HRBAC-&
T9+1@M&:T8K1EM&
455'6Z*I=*):GD)U7!6TLB1[YZCD@Y

X@JJ



JAU7Y

)YO/VGRCB:%C%%9=$R:,PH
M%&16[T20Z3AE%#&:3):<T%&:\%HR6@ER&BM!1FM#:.X@JI.5\6@R^FZ2*SD

M/M*HY/\1WHM22')D;BP4*X



1`'4*=(
[\;G7`W`Z4?[D'IGB@?
HMF





S_`42UXH[@!_)#I;?N2++?GE_WI4CLDSW@L-K.7-F?]FR?]
MSS5]0V&$'Q.E5_R$*?OZBM^F)3CG;]Z@('I.TZO\HRY0_-KMX6\```#__P
`







:^ZYC]9SIO=R0.QDZI

MBAL0K`.01F*@2;$-0.Z

B=@7=T/W$@:U0)01J
M90BR$.0A*$*PL$Z!&4(JA!L0E`[P',CC@1SX^VW8]*C%#H[

MQL/6M0M&$D921I:
9(SDC!2
K!A9


9(SDC!R(J1-2




=2VD\LTE
M(QDC.;-3&!WWI/1'P9Y;M4HT[34C)3-=&1T[Q`TCM4L\]ZFJ1?)?PWT'&C15
MVYHR^


.4B@5E:+S*\)N4_Z/M_L9JYV$!4UU)/I#X;CP`
;JT&]U80:._[R
MJ&I%6AY=Q:`A&9E'&F%YT


Z(_


MF^@H'NQYC09(X=NM




*JQ(PYK..2H(

MXL'J:N1FG^J:3*5+]EF6$+*32`G97'!)R#[5


UX:CV&OJ^4Y6FY#M=@7J^TR@(^F%AI3Y9T9%
M?7X0Q
3L+R6F1^30@QKVW(
MRO2LH.H+D]\L+*:E&/-2$A]*CRS5F?G^6-Z@N:,)QKY(5SC;QP;I=3FIL

O:VG!4$^)Y8U\5C(Y/*6]L

MYKY&I8.92A*4
YBI)$%5@YE*$A0WV/&2)



M)X_\1)0(VA*O\'B4[%33&-\WPDZO=1+^?.M]^[ROMN?GP]NE\[I_0L5RV[RQ
M/NN_]-*_7'6QT_E\NN(/MU3=TWG!7^3M\:'B[0TN39Y.IRO]HCIH_\;OX2\`
M``#__P

O
M87!P+GAM;B!`$HH``!````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`)Q877.;.!1]WYG^!X_?&SMITFTRQ!T
LJT)!HJ$VSQI*)83I@0\H'B2_?5[

M

M!










_18#?Q)YU]#/+/:@PV/?CET*,P[-$'-6Q(VAFRAM%-20:?R`)0^%O+!

M[9V@F#[M
?@RWMX/@.#1]+GQDZI*%.K&+'$\FJ[$7:F2+
?'1[_&-0JE8]8X



MD4M1[N!'(BWO!D!PH70_B



%E@#%S

















&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`%;M


M970W

M971S+W-H965T-S
&PO





``$@+```9

M+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!W((FQA@
``(T*```9````````````````












M````$`:



M``@````A`%M4

M:&5E='


&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A

O




RYX;6Q0






``/8+```9````


M;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#7)54




M971S+W-H965T



`
M`$*P```9`````````````````(;


M$AE`I[\(``Y)```&0````````````````

M:&5E=#(U+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!Z\EXG-P







BYX

M?P


M````$`S





O


4%``
$P``&0````````````````#B5@0`



Y+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#O2\5'E@8``%X:```9````


R+GAM
M;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!;'W+E[8``!RU```9`````````````````P/



M970S

U+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(

1H@L``



T+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#ZIVJ7*PT`

S8N



 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ClaimForRefund'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_RefundsFromInternalRevenueService'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeconsolidationGainOrLossAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DeconsolidationRecognizedTaxBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=country_US'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_ForeignCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesAfterTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeAmortizationGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurtailmentAndSettlementAdjustmentsGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeActuarialGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeAssetGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesAfterTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesAfterTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeAmortizationGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurtailmentAndSettlementAdjustmentsGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeActuarialGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeAssetGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesAfterTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsByGeographicalAreasTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfProductInformationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_RightsOfferingOptionsToPurchaseNumberOfSharesAtSubscriptionPriceForEachSharesOwned'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_RightsOfferingSubscriptionPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_RightsOfferingSharesOffered'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStockRightsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalRightsIssuedIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStockRightsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAnnualPrincipalPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlements1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlements1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsNextRollingTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInRollingYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInRollingYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInRollingYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInRollingYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TradeNamesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TradeNamesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TradeNamesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_NoncompeteAgreementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_NoncompeteAgreementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_NoncompeteAgreementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_PrivateEquityFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_PrivateEquityFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_PrivateEquityFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_PrivateEquityFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_PrivateEquityFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_PrivateEquityFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_PrivateEquityFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_PrivateEquityFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_PrivateEquityFundsDomesticMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_PrivateEquityFundsDomesticMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_PrivateEquityFundsDomesticMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_PrivateEquityFundsDomesticMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_PrivateEquityFundsDomesticMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_PrivateEquityFundsDomesticMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_PrivateEquityFundsDomesticMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_PrivateEquityFundsDomesticMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_PrivateEquityFundsForeignMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_PrivateEquityFundsForeignMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_PrivateEquityFundsForeignMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_PrivateEquityFundsForeignMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_PrivateEquityFundsForeignMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_PrivateEquityFundsForeignMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_PrivateEquityFundsForeignMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_PrivateEquityFundsForeignMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_FixedIncomeFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_FixedIncomeFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_FixedIncomeFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_FixedIncomeFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_FixedIncomeFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_FixedIncomeFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_FixedIncomeFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_FixedIncomeFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossRealizedGains'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_AmortizationOfDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlanActuarialLossesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansReclassificationsTaxEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansReclassificationAfterTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossRealizedGains'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_AmortizationOfDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlanActuarialLossesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_AmortizationOfDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlanActuarialLossesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ppc_HoldingCompanyJbsUsaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ppc_JbsUsaLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherInventoryInTransit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ppc_JBSGlobalUKLtd.Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=us-gaap_ParentCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsRemainderOfFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsRemainderOfFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountToBeAmortizedFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionsPerEmployeePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionsPerEmployeeAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansEstimatedFutureEmployerContributionsInNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansEstimatedFutureEmployerContributionsInNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_EquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_EquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=us-gaap_FutureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=us-gaap_FutureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=us-gaap_OptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=us-gaap_OptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=us-gaap_ForeignExchangeForwardMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=us-gaap_ForeignExchangeForwardMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ProFormaBalanceSheetTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_EquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_EquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableGrossCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromEmployeesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableGrossCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherReceivablesGrossCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ReceivableGrossCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ReceivablesIncludingRelatedPartyReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_EffectiveIncomeTaxRatePermanentItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCredits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInUnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableTradeCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_AccountsPayableUnfundedPaymentsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableOtherCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_AccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedInsuranceCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_CommodityDerivativeLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_AccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=us-gaap_FutureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_CommodityDerivativeLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=us-gaap_OptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_CommodityDerivativeLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossUnrealized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfDebtDiscountPremium'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ChangesInRestrictedCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ChangeInTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_IncreaseDecreaseInDepositLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPensionAndPostretirementObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingCapitalNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireMarketableSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleAndMaturityOfMarketableSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromContributedCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfLoanCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPricePercentageOfPrincipalAmountRedeemed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_AgreedRepaymentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_CreditFacilityAvailed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DelayedDrawTermLoanMaximumAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_LineOfCreditFacilityFeatureToIncreaseAggregateRevolvingLoanCommitment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_LineofCreditFacilityPeriodicPaymentPrincipalPercentageofPrincipalOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DelayedDrawTermLoanMaximumAmountIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DelayedDrawTermLoanQuarterlyInstallmentsPercentageOfPrincipalOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_PercentageOfEquityInterestGuaranteedForDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ProceedsofBorrowingsFundingofSpecialCashDividend'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_LineofCreditFacilityCapitalExpendituresLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_NumberofDaysPastDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseOther'

M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C9&0U9&-F9%]C9F5E7S0W,C-?83DW,5]B869E
M.#)F968S-38B#0H-E1H:7
@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7
@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7



C-?83DW
5]B







T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


M(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T]

T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@



T0B5V]R:W-H
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS

O4VAE970P-BYH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E



#@N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K


M55-)3D534U]!3D1?4U5-34%265]/1E]324=.248\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@(`\




O4VAE970Q
BYH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS






O4VAE970Q-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7;W)K


O4VAE970Q-2YH


15]!
M4U-%5%



M4D]015)465]03$%.5%]!3D1?15%525!-14Y4/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z







O4VAE970R


O4VAE970R

M3T-+2$]







O4VAE970R



#I.86UE/@T*
M(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E='
O4VAE


65]215-53%13
#I.



M+U-H965T
S$N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@




S

&-E

M;64^1$52259!5$E615]&24Y!3D-)04Q?24Y35%)5345.



&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\





O


M86)L97



M14Y324].7T%.1%]/5$A%4E]03U-44D5425)%344Q/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@





O4VAE970T
RYH


#I.86UE



M34%265]/1E]324=.248R/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@
M(#QX.DYA;64^1D%)4E]604Q515]-14%355)%345.5%-?4V-H961U/]X.DYA

M14%355)%345.5%-?4V-H961U

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-



#I7;W)K
M<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T-3(N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K<VAE
M970^#0H@(`@/'@Z3F%M93Y)3E9%3E1/4DE%4U]$971A:6QS/]X.DYA;64^

M4T5#55))5$E%4U]$971A/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U


M='

M1DE.04Y#24%
7TE.4U1254U%3C








M15)465]03$%.5%]!3D1?15%525!-14Y47U


M;'


3TY'


O4VAE970V













M:&5E='
O4VAE970W

#I7;W)K
M<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T-S$N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K<VAE

M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4$5.



#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4U1/0TM(3TQ$15)37T5154E465].87)R871I=F5?/]X
M.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U<F-E($A2968]
T0B5V]R:W-H

M



O4VAE970X
BYH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS






051%1%]005)465]44D%.

M($A2968]
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX
M.DYA;64^4D5,051%1%]005)465]44D%.4T%#5$E/3E-?4V-H/]X.DYA;64^

M7T-/3E1)3D=%3D-)15-?

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE

M


N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K


M='








]
M

]

]

]




]



]



]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&]C
M=6UE;G0@4&5R:6]D($5N9!$871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&5X=#Y$96
@

]

]
T1T97AT/E!)3$=224U3(%!2





]






]


]





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

M










]
T1N=6UP/C(U.2PW
#`L





M-S$L
#



]


T1T;W`^16YT:71Y(%9O;'5N






M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*


M9F4X
F9E9C






]





C`Q

M
#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$






]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]





M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='



M
T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)I97



#@L.#







]
T1N=6UP/C(L







2PT







]

\







M='




2PX
M


]
T1N
M=6UP/C
L
3$Y+#`V


T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='


]
T1N=6UP/C
W

]
M





M
6%B;&4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M8VQA<W,],T1N=6UP/C,L,#8X/'-P86X^/]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


M8FEL:71I97

]
T1N=6UP

]



3`L
C
T/'-P

]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#@S+#


]



]



]








T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K


M960[(#(U.2PP
CDL
#

M(&%T('EE87(M96YD(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3


]


BPS


RPQ



]
T1N=6T^
M*#$R




M



M1&YU;7`^
BPQ.3




]
T1N=6UP/C(L
3DV+#@P







L

M



]

]
T1T:#Y$96

CDL(#(P
M
3








M

]

@875T:&]R:7IE9#PO=&0^#0H@

]
T1N=6UP/C4P+#`P


]


]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



M+#`P


]
T1N=6UP
M/C(U.2PP
CDL
#




S4V#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

M

F9E9C

#0N:'1M;`T*


M:G


M9#TS1$E$







]




]


]
M

M


C$L


M




]
T1N=6UP/C@T-2PT

S4L.#






]





T1T;W`^3W!E


]
T1N=6UP/C(U

]







]

]

]
T1N=6UP




]
T1N=6T^*#0L






]



3$L-#






M1&YU;3XH


]
T1N=6T^*#$Y






]


]

]
T1P

]




T1T;W`^169F



M


C4Y+#0W













]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&EL=71E9`H:6X@






'0O:'1M;#L@


]





C`Q

]






2PT

3

]
T1R



M('-E8W5R:71I97
L(&YE=!O9B!T87@@;V8@)#$Y+`D

S$I


M/B@Q



M9B`D*#$P+#$W

]


BPW

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R
BPT
M

]



]
T1N=6UP/C$U
2PV


Z




]
T1N=6UP/B0@-CDT+#@T


]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@





M=!I9#TS1$E$,$5)14%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]


SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(Y+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S`L(#(P




]


T1T;W`^56YR96%L:7IE9!H;VQD:6YG(&=A:6YS
M(AL;W-S97

]
T1N=6UP/B0@







M8V9E95\T-S(S7V$Y-S%?8F%F93@R9F5F
S4V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T


F9E
M9C



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E


$566$1)/@T*

M



]
T1T:#Y#;VUM;VX@


M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4F5T86EN960@16%R;FEN9W,@
M*$%C8W5M=6QA=&5D($1E9FEC:70I(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@


]








]

N(#(U+`R,#$Q/]T


]


]



T1T;W`^/'-T








]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@





C
T/'-P


3DR

]

]




]


]


]



T1T;W`^1V%I
M;G

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R
BPT




T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N

]
M


]

]


M















]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


L


]








M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V.PU

BPV




#$R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S




]


]



]









]
M
T1N=6UP/C4T.2PW
3








]


]


]






]

]
M




]









]







#`\









]



T1T;W`^5&%X(&)E;F5F




]
T1R8SX-

M;7`^




RPQ

C`L



T1T

CDL(#(P
3


]
T1N=6UP/C(U.2PP
CDL



]


]


]



]


]



M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R
3`I/'-P86X^


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T













]

M)W


]










C@\





]
M







;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C9&0U9&-F9%]C9F5E7S0W
C-?83DW
M

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J



M4U1!5$5-14Y44R!/1B!35$]#2TA/3$1%4E
G($5154E462`H4&%R96YT:&5T




]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#






I(&]N('-E8W5R:71I
M97


]
T1N=6UP/B0@




M87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$P+#$W


M7V$Y-S%?8F%F93@R9F5F
S4V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T


F9E9C
U-B]7;W)K


M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5*6D)'/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$




]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#




]
T1T


M

3$L-#






]



T1T;W`^1&5P


]
T1N=6UP/C$U-2PX



]




]


]
T1N=6UP/C
L
M




BPR-#



@*&=A











]


]

]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/C$R+#8X
M

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^5')A9&4@86-C;W5N=',@86YD(&]T:&5R(')E8V5I=F%B;&5S/]T9#X-

]
T1N=6T^*#$T+#$S-RD\


M



M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V+#`W



M(&%C8W)U960@97AP96YS97


]





]
T1N=6T^*#


]


M9VX]










M9&5D(&)Y(&]P97)A=&EN9R!A8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D





]







]
T1N=6T^*#DP+#
R


\+W1D/@T*

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y-BPY
#(I/'-P86X^

38R*3QS

]

34R
M+#`U

]



]

]
T1N=6T^*#8S+#




]







T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'
@

]
M
T1N=6UP/C4P-2PV








]

M1&YU;7`^
S





M0E



T1T


]


M

]




]
T1N=6T^*#$Q
2PP


M;&5N='


]

]
T1N





M;&5N='



]











M=&%X97







'0O:'1M;#L@



M9SY55-)3D534R!!3D0@4U5-34%262!/1B!324=.249)0T%.5!!0T-/54Y4

]
T1T
M:#Y$96



]
T1T97AT

]


3(P)3MP


M9G0Z


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX@)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[4&EL9W)I;28C.#(Q-SMS(%!R

@)B
X
C(P
M.U!I;&=R:6TF(S@R

C$[(8C.#(R,#M04$,L)B,X,C(Q.R`F
M(S@R,C`[=&AE($-O;7!A;GDL)B,X,C(Q.R`F(S@R,C`[=V4L)B,X,C(Q.R`F
M(S@R,C`[=7,L)B,X,C(Q.R`F(S@R,C`[;W5R+8C.#(R




M960@4W1A=&5S(@F(S@R,C`[52Y3+B8C.#(R,3LI+!-97AI8V\@86YD(%!U
M97)T;R8C

SME









N(%!I






'!T.SXS-2PP

T1F;VYT+69A




C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

X

M960@2D)3(%


T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ


[9F]N





3!P=#L^5&AE


3!P





3!P=#L^-3
\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXM
2!F86QL:6YG




30\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T

M:6%L(%-T871E;65N='


M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

3!P=#L^


M


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I
6QE/3-$





L(&]T:&5R('1H86X@;F]N

@


@=VAI8V@@87)E








3!P


3(P










@87)E('-A=&ES9FEE

M97AI='













\+V9O;G0^

M;W`Z


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M='EL93II=&%L:6




T1F;VYT+69A



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P
F4Z
3!P=#L^)#0N










M='

T1F

'!T.SXD
RXX(&UI;&QI




M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


3!P=#L^)#
N.!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT/CQF
6QE/3-$



M
'!T.SXR







3(P














'!T.SX\9F]N

M9F]N=US='EL93II=&%L:6,[9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^26YV97-T;65N
M='

M92UH96EG:'0Z




M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

X
C$W.W





M97-T;65N='
@:6X@9FEX960@:6YC;VUE('-E8W5R:71I97



@=&AA;B!O







2!D971E<FUI;F5S('1H92!C




@87)E

3)P

@86X@;W=N97)S:&EP(&EN
M=&5R97-T(&=R96%T97(@=&AA;B`U



@;W=N97)S

@=&AA;B`R






T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ





M='





M86YC:6%L(&-O;F1I=&EO;BX@5V4@=W)I=&4@;V9F(&%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I


M:&5I9VAT.C$R




M



M=!R961U8V5S('1H92!C;W-T(&]F('1H92!W:&]L92!B:7)D(&)Y(&5S=&EM
M871E9!Y:65L9'
@86YD(&%M;W5N='


N(%1H:7










T1F





M;'


T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


[

M;G0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[







3!P=#L^('1O(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


F4Z,3!P=#L^5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@<F5C;W)D<R!I
M;7!A:7)M96YT(&-H87)G97,@;VX@;&]N9RUL:79E9!A<W-E='
@:&5L9!F
M;W(@=7-E('=H96X@979E;G1S(&%N9!C:7)C=6US=&%N8V5S(&EN9&EC871E


M='


M9!T;SH@*&DI(&9U='5R92!C87-H(&9L;W=S(&5S=&EM871E9!T;R!B92!G





M86-I;&ET:65S+B!':79E;B!T:&4@:6YT97)D97!E;F1E;F-Y(&]F('1H92!#
M;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W

M(&)E;&EE=F5S('1H:7
@:7
@=&AE(&QO=V5S=!L979E;!O9B!I9&5N=&EF



M9B!I='

M+B`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[






@:6YI=&EA




M97

@87)E(&-O



T1F


M














3!P=#L^('1O(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




3!P=#L^
3
\+V9O


M93HQ











@;6%Y(&YO=!B92!R96-O=F5R86)L92X@5V4@=&5S=!I


M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF


M;VQD.SY
:71I9V%T:6]N(&%N9!#;VYT:6YG96YT($QI86)I;&ET:65S/]F

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I

@86YD(&]T:&5R(&-L86EM




M;&4@86YA;'ES:7





'!T.SX\9F]N





@
M=&\@;&EM:70@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R


@97AP96YS97
@87)E(')E=FEE=V5D(')E



M9RUT;W`Z

M

M;64@5&%X97



TS,TR-R!I;B!T:&4@17AP96YS97










@87!P;&EC86)L92P@8F%S960@

M.C$R


T1F

G!T.SX\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T



M02!V86QU871I;VX@86QL;W=A;F-E(&ES('!R;W9I9&5D('=H96X@:70@:7
@
M;6]R92!L:6ME;'D@=&AA;B!N;W0@=&AA=!S;VUE(&]R(&%L;!O9B!T:&4@

M=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC97
@:&%V92!B965N(&5S=&%B;&ES:&5D('!R:6UA


N(%-E92`F(S@R
C`[3F]T
M92`Q

X

3MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HT.'!X.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,G!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$R
M<'0[/CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[






N($EF('-U
M8V@@96%R;FEN9W

N

M(&%F=&5R(#(P

M92!5+E


M96EG:'0Z




M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M4T




M=&AA;B`U













N
M(%=E(&1E=&5R;6EN92!T:&4@;&]N9RUT97)M(')E='5R;B!O;B!P;&%N(&%S

X
C$W.W
@97AP96-T871I;VX@;V8@=&AE(&9U='5R

M:69F97(@9G)O;2!O=7(@87-S=6UP=&EO;G
@87)E(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&%N





@:68@
M=&AE('!L86X@:7

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z




T1F;VYT+69A


M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D]P97)A=&EN9R!
96%S97

M







@9&5F




M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

3)P=#L^/&9O;G0@


G!T.SX\















@;W(@



M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
#MF;VYT+7-I





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='





M871E;65N='





[('9A;'5A=&EO;B!O9B!C;VYT








3(P)3MP861D





C`[1D%3
M0B8C.#(R





@;V8@=&AE(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!O=7(@
C`Q
2!E=F%L=6%T:6YG('1H
M92!I;7!A8W0@;V8@=&AE(&YE=R!G=6ED86YC92!O;B!O=7(@9FEN86YC:6%L
M('-T871E;65N='
@86YD(&AA=F4@;F]T('EE=!S96QE8W1E9!A('1R86YS


M95\T-S(S7V$Y-S%?8F%F93@R9F5F

O4VAE970Q
2YH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






]



#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*





M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




M


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3!P



M
'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P


2!C;VQS



G!X.W!A






'!T.SY
979E;8C,38P.S$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M(&]R(&QI86)I;&ET:65S.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT


G!X.W!A9&1I




3!P=#L^)B
Q


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SY


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

#LF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/DQE=F5L)B
Q-C`[






3!P


M93HQ


@8F%S960@=7!O




3(P





Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
30\+V9O;G0^


M

Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
3
\














@9F]R(&5X96-U=&EV97




M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


M(')O=W-P86X]

T0Q)2!R;W=S



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M/3-$



M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


2!C



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M;&4]

7!X

M


M;&4]


38P.S(X+`R,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO









38P



T1V


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB

M;VTZ






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


\+V9O




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.CMP






M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


G!X

6QE




G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

2!C







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






M/3-$





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\




G!X



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








3!P


M93HQ



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^
BPU
M-C




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M/3-$





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV




G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\









M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B










G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M-BPW-3


M/3-$



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






M

T1V


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXF(S@R
3([



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M







@:6YS=')U
M;65N='






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^*#$T+#$P
SPO9F]N


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B





B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^*#$T+#$P






R!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


R!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





M:'0Z









G!X.R!R









M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


CL\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXH
RPY-SD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P








6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M






3(P)3MP


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


'!T.VUA

3`P)3MB


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M









38P

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q-2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M







G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P



M



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M9#L^3&5V96P@

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




M

M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC


M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E1O=&%L/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T







M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL





M





38P.SPO9F]N

M






'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M9G0Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q








M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS



M='5R97
@:6YS=')U;65N='

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M





M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY$


B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^

M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R








6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ+#(Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^,2PR,30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L





M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N




M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXW+#(P.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M97
@:6YS=')U;65N='

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T









M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT





G!X.R!R;W=S
















38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N





M





38P


R!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B











M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R





M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X







G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M



'!T.SXH-#(T+#8U



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.R!R





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M;W`Z


M





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I
F4Z
3!P=#L^




M(&-O;'-P86X]


M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86X]




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


M;&0[/C(P
3

T1V97)T:6-A


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




M




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B










G!X.R!R;W=S






G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-#(T+#8U,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S



M/3-$











38P



G!X.R!R




M;VTZ






M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M9RUT;W`Z








M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M








M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


#DL-3`P




T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^)B
X



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M93HQ


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^0VAA;F=E

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M


3DT



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

M;&4]

'!T.SXH
3@\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




2!C;VQS



P
#`P




#`P

M(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^0F%L86YC92P@







M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



3X\9&EV('-T
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L
6QE/3-$9F]N


G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


C0L-C4P

#`P
#MP861D

M



T1F







M






F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[/CQB<B!C

M96EG:'0Z





@





N(%1H

M97
@:6X@3&5V96P@



@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&EN(&%C=&EV92!M87)K971S(&]R(&]T


@:6X@3&5V96P@
M



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M=')U;65N='




M86QU97












M:6=H=#IA=71O.W=I9'1H.C$P

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



M8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
3

M;&4]


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B






M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M)B

P
#`P


G!X.W!A


6QE/3-$






M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ


M8G(@8VQE87(]




M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




M

M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY&86ER/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^5F%L=64\+V9O;G0^



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$






M



F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1T97AT

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


I


M



F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M




G!X.W!A





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C













M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M9RUT;W`Z













@:6YS=')U;65N='
\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT






M






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#0Y-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N










M93HQ


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A








M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R







B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


T1F;VYT




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L











M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^
BPU-C

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXR+#4V
M



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I







M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





M:'0Z







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV




G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\









M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^







3!P=#L^-RPR
#@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&4]

'!T.SXW+#(P



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



@:6YS=')U;65N='


B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


M

'!T.SX\9F]N





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I






B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXH
30L



M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M)B
X



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






M/3-$


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M;F=E;65N='

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


CPO9F]N=#X\




M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M







B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B@Y
3(L
C

F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I
M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B







M;&4]




M:'0Z





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]








\



'!T.SX@;VX@=&AE($-O;G-O;&ED871E9!86QA;F-E(%-H965T


@86YD(&%R92!I;F-L=61E
M9!I;B!T:&4@;&EN92!I=&5M(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M

M:6
[/D%C8W)U960@97AP96YS97

M:71I97



'!T.SX@;VX@=&AE($-O;G-O;&ED871E9!86QA;F-E

@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R






3!P=#L^(&]R

Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T


3)P=#L^







M+E
N($=!05`N($%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#(X+`R,#$T+!L;VYG+6QI=F5D(&%S




@
M87)E(&-L87-S:69I960@87
@3&5V96P@

@8F5C875S92!T:&5I

M97)V86)L92!M87)K970@9&%T82X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]D:78^/'-P86X^


M9F5E7S0W
C-?83DW

M;G0]

2!R



]



]



]



F4Z
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#IB;VQD.SY44D%$12!!0T-/54Y44R!!3D0@3U1(15(@4D5#14E604)
15
\

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M;&QO=V%N8V4@9F]R(&1O=6)T9G5L(&%C8V]U;G1S+!C;VYS:7-T960@;V8@
M=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9SH\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.C$R




M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






M8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P

M;&4]



M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N








G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS-S$L,C8X/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS-CDL-S$U/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]








M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^4F5C96EV86)L97
@9G)O;2!O9F9I8V5R










G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F



M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



M93HQ



T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^)B
X


B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


M93HQ



T0R('-T

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

M


X
RPQ
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





'!T.SX\9F]N

M/D%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B@R+#4R-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P



7!X('-O



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M




M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97





M





N)B
X
M

;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C9&0U9&-F9%]C9F5E7S0W
C-?83DW
5]B869E.#)F



]

T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]




]




T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL



M93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0X(')O=W-P86X]

T0Q
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P



T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF

38P.S(X+`R,#$T/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ


M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
3






3X\9&EV









G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#L^
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





3!P=#L^
S8X+#4X
CPO






T1F




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^
C$V+#`T-3PO9F]N=#X\


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MB86-K




3!P
M=#L^
C(W+#8T.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T





B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB




M
3!P=#L^
C(S+#DS
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V






\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXW




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



P
#`P


M/3-$


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY#;VUM97)C:6%L
M(&9E960L('1A8FQE(&5G9W
F4Z

M;&4]

'!T.SXU


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M


SPO

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P
!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXW.3`L

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






S(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M+R\O0SHO8V1D-61C9F1?8V9E95\T-S(S7V$Y-S%?8F%F93@R9F5F
S4V+U=O



T0G




M/3-$



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M24Y615-4345.5%,@24X@4T5#55))5$E%4SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C

M96EG:'0Z






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/DE.5D53
M5$U%3E13($E.(%-%0U52251)15



M86=E;65N=!A=!T:&4@=&EM92!O9B!P=7)C:&%S92!F;W(@9G5N9&EN9R!O


3MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HT.'!X.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS



M;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M







M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]



M

M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M



T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

P
#`P



M:'0Z


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


M;&0[/D9A:7(\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SY686QU93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\






G!X.R!R




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


T0S('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M=#HQ


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M1FEX960@:6YC;VUE('-E8W5R:71I97
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@









3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXR
#0L
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG












T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV






3!P=#L^
3`S+#$R
3PO9F]N=#X\




M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXX,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT









M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B


G!X





38P.SPO


M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R










M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^.38L.3`R


T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

&5D(&EN8V]M92!S96-U<FET:65S(&-L87-S:69I960@87,@8V%S:!A;F0@




M971H;V0@:7





F4Z,3!P=#L^,C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M







M

'!T.SXR










'!T.SXR

3!P=#L^(&%R92!D

@86YD(&QO


30\+V9O


M93HQ

3

M;&4]

'!T.SX@=&AA




M93HQ
'!T.SXR



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C9&0U9&-F9%]C9F5E7S0W
C-?
M83DW

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M24Y!3D-)04P@24Y35%)5345.5%



]



M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[
M/D1%4DE6051)5D4@1DE.04Y#24%




3!P=#L^5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@=71I;&EZ
M97



M=7)C:&%S97
@9&5R:79A=&EV92!F:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='
L('-P
&-H86YG92UT<F%D960@9G5T=7)E<R!A;F0@;W!T:6]N


@87)E('1R86YS;&%T960@


@=&\@;6%N86=E
M('1H:7


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I



@:7
@:6YC;'5D960@:6X@

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



M86P@9F]R(&-H86YG97

M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

3)P=#L^/&9O


G!T

















F5D(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






@;6EL


3!P=#L^
C`Q-#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


3!P=#L^
C`Q


3!P=#L^
C`Q


3(P)3MP861D:6YG





M='


3(P)3MP861D


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



M;BUL969T.F%U=&\[;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.F%U=&\[=VED=&@Z
3`P)3MB;W)D




M=&@]






R!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT


38P.S(Y+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


G!X.R!R;W=S





R!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M

R!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N





'!T.SXR+#@X.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D








G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXI




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



2!D97)I=F%T:79E(&%S<V5T<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS<&%N/3-$

M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L





M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^
2PR
30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT

'!T.SX\9F]N




M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


30R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C


3!P=#MF

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXZ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M











T1F;VYT

'!T.SXI)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I





G!X.R!R







M





B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N


#MP861D:6YG+71O<#HR


G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\








T1F

'!T.SXI)3PO9F]N=#X\


@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^4V5P=&5M8F5R(#(P

M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SY397!T96UB97(@






M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


C`Q-3PO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


F4Z.'!T.SY$97)I=F%T:79E




M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8V1D-61C9F1?8V9E95\T-S(S7V$Y-S%?8F%F93@R
M9F5F

O4VAE970Q-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]



M
C@L(#(P





3!P=#LG/CQD

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A
F4Z
3!P


#DS

M)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^



#`P
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[
M/E5S969U;8C





#`P





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1F;VYT
'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/CQF




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L







R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R




M1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q
SH\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T








T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V








T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T:6-A

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

F(S@R
3$[

M;&4]


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXT
PQ-#,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





M



G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#L^*#
Q+#`X

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXY+#`V






M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXU
M
2PP


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO





'!T.SXH


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^
C
L-#8S



G!X.W!A9&1I











M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




P
#`P




3!P=#L^*#
P
#PO






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M

F4Z,3!P=#L^
M)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




#`P





M/3-$

P
M
#`P

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXY
2PT-#

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T




#`P


M







P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S




P
#`P




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


P
#`P


M

P
#`P

P
#`P


3X\

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R








M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





G!X






G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


F(S@R
M
3$[






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M;W1T;VTZ




M-#


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N

M









M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




3X\9&EV('-T







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T


G!X




3!P=#L^
3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M:'0Z





38P.SPO



G!X


3!P=#L^


M


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ.2PU-#`\+V9O;G0^/]D

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M





G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



#`P
#`P.V)A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L

#`P
#`P.V)A










M;'-P86X]


#`P

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;&5F=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

2!C




T1F

'!T.SXY
2PT-#
\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





P
M
#`P







T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[











M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]





M93HQ

T1F;VYT


3!P
M=#L^

3!P=#L^)#4N-R!M:6QL:6]N



3
\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX@




'!T.SXR


3!P=#L^+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV


G!X.W1E

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





3!P


T1F

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






T1F;VYT

'!T.SXR

3!P





3D\




M7V$Y-S%?8F%F93@R9F5F
S4V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T


F9E9C
U-B]7;W)K


M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES



]


C`Q-#QB

]

]
T1R;SX-





M)B
X

X
C(Q.RDL(&YE=!C;VYS:7-T960@;V8@=&AE
M(&9O;&QO=VEN9SH\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.C$R

T0W


2!C;VQS




M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

P
#`P














38P


#LR.2P@
C`Q
M

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\






M/3-$




G!X.V)A8VMG


3!P=#L^


M






M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE








M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X






'!T.SY=6EL9&EN9W,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






F4Z,3!P=#L^,2PU,S<L,C0Q/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^
2PU
#(L


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M






T1F

'!T.SXU
BPV
SD\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L

#`P
#`P

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG



3X\9&EV

P
#`P
M




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L








3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M





#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY!

P
#`P



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


G!X.W!A9&1I

2!C



P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

M93HQ



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M




M

'!T.SXQ+#$X
BPW

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


3!P=#L^5&AE($-O;7!A


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S

T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXR

3!P=#L^






3!P=#L^1'5R


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXL('1H92!#;VUP86YY
M('-O;&0@8V5R=&%I;B!049A;7`[12!F;W(@8V%S:!O9B`\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T
M.SXD
3$N







3!P=#L^
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






'!T
M.SXR


3!P=#L^(&EN8VQU9&5D('9E:&EC;&4@;6%I;G1E;F%N

L(&%N9!'96]R9VEA+!E







M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
#MF;VYT+7-I








L(&9E960@;6EL;'
@:6X@3F]R=&@@0V%R;VQI





N($YE

@






N($%T(#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
30\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXL




'!T.SXD-CDN



R!M


3!P=#L^(&%N9!A8V-U;75L871E9!D97!R96-I871I


3!P=#L^)#$Q
BXP(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXN




3!P=#L^36%N86=E

L(&EN8VQU9&EN9RP@8G5T(&YO




@86-T:79E;'D@

@86YD(')E;&%T960@87-S971S

@82!S86QE(&]F(&5A

M=`Q,B!M;VYT:',N($%T(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M



@



G!X.W1E

M
G!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M(#
V






M/5].97AT4&%R=%]C9&0U9&-F9%]C9F5E7S0W
C-?83DW
5]B869E.#)F968S



M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






]



M1'1H/D1E8RX@
C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


@86YD($%C8W)U86QS(%M!8G-T


T1T

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D-54E)%3E0@
M3$E!0DE,251)15,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.C$R


M

G!T.SX\+V9O;G0^


M




3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

#LR

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B







M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)B


I


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M












38P






G!X





G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



M/3-$



G!X


M
3!P=#L^




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


R
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC



P
#`P

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^5&]T86P@86-C;W5N='








M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.W!A9&1I


'!T.SX\9F]N



M=#HQ

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^-PX-C(\+V9O;G0^/]D

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O
M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D%C8W)U960@97AP96YS97
@86YD(&]T:&5R(&-U




M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B





M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,#`L.38U/]F;VYT/CPO










3!P


M93HQ

\+V9O;G0^


















3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F







M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F



F4Z,3!P=#L^3W!T:6]N<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS





3X\9&EV('-T
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ
M-PQ
#


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO





'!T.SXF(S@R





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


2!C









M;&4]

'!T.SY4;W1A



P
#`P
M

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


P
#`P
#`[)R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR.#,L,S4U/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]












'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A

M









T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]




C`[3F]T92`Q-2X@



M7V)A9F4X
F9E9C






]




M8RX@
C@L(#(P


]


]

]



M($1%0E0@04Y$($]42$52($)/4E)/5TE.1R!!4E)!3D=%345.5%
\+V9O;G0^

M;W`Z

M;V8@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!C;VUP;VYE;G1S.CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV



T1P
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

@


M9VEN+7)I9VAT.F%U=&\[=VED=&@Z


3`@



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P
M




T1F



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


7!X

M8F]L9#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





T1F;VYT+69A

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0W




F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BA);B!T:&]U<V%N9',I/]F



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXR



M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



G!X.W!A

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L


M
3




38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.S(N-#
W




3!P=#L^
C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^)B
X



M:'0Z





38P.SPO




M*2!497)M($(M



G!X



3X\




M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M

'!T.SXF(S@R
3([




M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R







M;&4]

'!T.SXR
#$S


M9RUT;W`Z




3@\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.SXF(S@R

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




3!P
M=#L^)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B




3!P=#L^
C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I





G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


3!P=#L^)B
X
M



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


M

'!T.SXR


G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]







M



3!P=#L^5F%R

B!S='EL


#`P


G!X




P
#`P


P
#`P




#`P

M9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


'!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^3&]N9RUT97)M(&1E



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXY
3(L
M
C



P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3`L
C






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P









M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P

M


3!P=#L^
RPY.#`\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O









M=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M











M93HQ







3!P=#L^

M

C@L(#(P
30L(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N



3!P=#L^(#(P
3@@3F]T97




3!P=#L^)#

M


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY*0E
@4W5B


M
3!P=#L^3VX@2G5N92`R
RP@
C`Q
2P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@96YT97)E9!I
M;G1O(&$@4W5B;W)D:6YA=&5D($QO86X@06=R965M96YT('=I=&@@2D)3(%53
M02`H=&AE(8C.#(R

M


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXD-38N-2!M:6QL:6]N










M93HQ


M86YY('1O(')E='5R;B!C87-H(&ET(&AE;&0@87
@8V]L;&%T97)A;!A9V%I
M;G-T('!O=&5N=&EA;!W;W)K97)S(&-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;BP@875T;R!A;F0@




2!F


3!P=#L^

3!P=#L^
M
C`Q

3!P=#L^
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

Q-C`[
C@L(#(P

M;&4]

'!T.SXL('1H

M
3!P=#L^)#`N


3!P=#L^('1O(')E:6UB=7)S92!*
M0E


@;F\@;W1H97(@8V]M;6ET;65N
M=!T;R!M86ME(&%D=F%N8V5S(&)Y($I4R!54T$@=6YD97(@=&AE(%-U8F]R


F4Z
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB
M;VQD.SXR



M=`H=&AE(8C.#(R
#LR
#$S(%4N4RX@0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL:71Y)B
X
C(Q



C`Q
RX@(%1H92`R
#$S(%4N4RX@0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL:71Y

M

'!T.SXD-S`P+C`@

M(&%N9!A(&1E;&%Y960@9')A=R!T97)M(&QO86X@8V]M;6ET;65N=!O9B!U




3LI+B!4

M;2!















T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXD


3!P=#L^+B!4:&4@
C`Q
R!5+E





#`N


M;B!C;VUM:71M96YT('5N9&5R('1H92`R
#$S(%4N4RX@0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL
M:71Y(&UA='5R97


3!P=#L^075G=7-T)B
Q-C`[-RP@
C`Q
65D($1R87<@5&5R;2!



3!P
M=#L^




@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
C@L(#(P
30L('=I=&@@86QL(')E;6%I


3!P=#L^

3(P)3MP




Q-C`[
M
C@L(#(P




'!T.SXD-3`N





M('1H92`R
#$S(%4N4RX@0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL:71Y('1H870@:7







@=6YD





'!T
M.SXD


M97)M($(M



#4N

M






M+E

M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

F4Z,3!P
M=#L^06-T=6%L(&)O<G)O=VEN9W,@8GD@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@=6YD97(@=&AE
M(')E=F]L=FEN9R!C<F5D:70@8V]M;6ET;65N=!C;VUP;VYE;G0@;V8@=&AE
M(#(P
3







#`N
!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT/CQF




'!T












L(&EN8W5R(&%D9&ET:6]N86P@:6YD96)T961N





#$S(%4N

2!I<R!C=7)R96YT;'D@:6X@8V]M

@9FEN86YC:6%L(&-O=F5N86YT+B`@06QL(&]T

3
@86UE;F1M96YT(&%N
M9!R97-T871E;65N=!T;R!T:&4@
C`Q
R!5+E
'!E
M;F1I='5R97


M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
#MF;VYT




'!T.SY!;&P@;V)L:6=A=&EO;G
@=6YD97(@=&AE(#(P
M
3



M=6)S:61I87)I97

M='D@;&EE;B!O;B`H:2D@=&AE(&%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@86YD(&EN



3!P=#L^

X
C$W
M.W



@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@86YD('1H92!G=6%R86YT;W(@

#$S(%4N4RX@0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL

3(P






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P



2`Q,2P@,C`Q-2P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@86YD(&ET<R!S=6)S:61I87)I
M97,L(%1O+5)I8V]S+!




C`[
M4F%B;V)A;FLF(S@R
C$[*2P@87


M
C`Q
R!5+E

M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SY4:&4@
C`Q-2!5+E




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




T1F;VYT+69A





@:6X@=&AE(#(P

M:70@1F%C:6QI='D@86QS;R!R97%U:7)E('1H92!#;VUP86YY('1O('5S92!T





T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



@=6YD97(@=&AE(')E=F]L=FEN
M9R!L;V%N(&-O;6UI=&UE;G0@86YD('1H92!497)M($QO86YS(&)E87(@:6YT

L($Q)0D]2('!L=7

3!P=#L^
M
2XU





3!P=#L^



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXP+C(U)3PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M/B!A;F0@8F%S92!R871E('!L=7

3!P=#L^
2XW-24\+V9O;G0^


M














3!P=#L^)#(U(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX@




3!P=#L^06QL(&]B;&EG871I;VYS('5N9&5R('1H
M92`R
#$U(%4N4RX@0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL:71Y('=I;&P@8V]N=&EN=64@=&\@
M8F4@=6YC;VYD:71I;VYA;&QY(&=U87)A;G1E960@8GD@8V5R=&%I;B!O9B!T



3!P=#L^




M:&4@5&\M4FEC;W


M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

3!P


M93HQ


C`Q-2!5+E


#$U




M
'!T.SXD

T1F;VYT+69A


M





'!T



3!P=#L^)#4P


M.C$R





M






M:&5I9VAT.C$R







T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E

M=UA;&EG;CIJ=7-T:69Y.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


3!P=#L^


3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z-#AP








X


@=VET:!*0E,@55-!($AO;&1I;F=S+!);F
N(&%N







T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I
2`R,RP@,C`Q-P@078F


C0S.VX@9&4@0F%N8V$@



M871E('!L=7


3!P=#L^

M



M




3!P=#L^)#
X+C$@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M;&4]

'!T.SYN;SPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


R
S

N02X@
M26YS=&ET=6



M3$

@=&5R;6EN
M871E9!O;B!*=6QY(#(S+`R

M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O


3!P


@87)E('!L961G960@87
@


M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P

T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
@

'!X

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$






T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]




38\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXX

M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


L


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




G!X


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^
C`Q.3PO9F]N





'!T.SXY




M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT







M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT+#(T,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O




T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

3!P=#L^


M



'!T.SXD
M.#(N

M



T1F

'!T.SXD
3`T+CD@;6EL

T1F;VYT

'!T.SXR

3!P




M
'!T.SXR






'!T.SXR



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXR

3!P=#L^








M9F5F
S4V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V-D9#5D8V9D


F9E9C

M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\



3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
C@L(#(P


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A
F4Z
3!P


#DS

M)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$


G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\


M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E


P
#`P



M:'0Z




G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI



G!X.W!A9&1I



M9G0Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


RPP


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US












M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


S
CPO



M;'-P86X]


#`P



M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M

7!X('-O




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



P
#`P

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS







T1F;VYT


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3`R+#
Y
3PO9F]N

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M



#PO

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M;VTZ


3!P=#L^
34S+#`V
M

P
#`P
#`[8F%C



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

M9RUT;W`Z

T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ





M:61T:#HY.2XV

M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT

M;VQD.SXR


P
#`P


G!X


6QE







F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


M;W`Z










G!X.W!A9&1I









T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

BPT
#

T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


'!T.SX\9F]N




M







M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M;W1T;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/CDL


G!X






'!T.SY3=&%T92!A;F0@;W1H97(\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS
M+#4Q,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N

P
#`P





3!P=#L^*#(Q







6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^
S`Y+#



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH
M



M:'0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0S('-T






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


R!S

G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


3)P











3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^



M9RUT;W`Z








M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^1F]R



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N







B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P


M



3!P=#L^



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXH
C0L
S


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B






'!T.SXH



M









G!X.W!A







B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



P
#`P


M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




#`P
#MP861D

M



T1F


P
#`P



7!X('-O



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXH
2PQ-C4\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M







M


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


Y



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P

M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P


G!X





M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
#MF;VYT+7-I





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






M



M

'!T.SXR





@




'!T.SXR
M





M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

3)P


M93HQ



!R871E



'!T.SXR




3!P=#L^
C`Q

@

!B96YE9FET


3!P=#L^
C`Q


M
3!P=#L^
C`Q



M('1O('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@969F96-T:79E(&EN8V]M92!T87@@

M93HQ





3!P

M+C8P.3


T0Q/CPO=&0^



M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




3X\





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ


30\




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X



T1F;VYT+69A

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V







M




M;&4]

'!T.SXS-2XP








P
#`P


M





M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXE/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




F4Z

T1F




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ





T1V






M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXR+C

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O



M;&4]

'!T.SXR+C4\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V







M

'!T.SY097)M86YE
M;G0@:71E;7

T1V97)T:6-A




F4Z
3!P=#L^
XT/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



T1F

'!T.SXH


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B




M/3-$











38P

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^






M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V






'!T.SXH

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T





3!P=#L^*#$N
#PO9F]N


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.R!R





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M;W`Z


M








M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M

'!T.SXH
3`N-#PO


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SY#:&%N9V4@:6X@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC93PO9F]N=#X\


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



G!X




M;VTZ






M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

T0G=F5R




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





M
#`P






3!P=#L^



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





'!T.SXH



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


U+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXE

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M;VTZ



M/3-$





P
#`P


M/3-$



G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXE/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^







M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M









38P


C@L(#(P
30\+V9O




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL







F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M;'-P86X]




M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M='


'!T.SX\9F]N






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE



M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXQ
C4L

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT.PS-C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T






@86YD



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M.2PT-3


M/3-$



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M/3-$






#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV

#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS








'!T.SXR



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO

B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M93HQ



T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^
34L-#

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$




M;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXT+#(V
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M/3-$


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY!8V-R=65D(&QI


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ






M



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C$R+#(X




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^
3`L

M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY7;W)K97)S(&-O;7!E;G-A=&EO



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


M

P
#`P



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^5&]T


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR-3,L-C@R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C









M;&4]

'!T.SY686QU



T1F;VYT+69A


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO




3X\


P
#`P


#`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ





3X\9&EV('-T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY.970@9&5F97)R960@=&%X(&%S


M

'!T.SXQ-C0L-#@T


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





M



'!T.SXR-#
L




P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



P
#`P








M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z












M97












3!P=#L^)#$N
R!M:6QL:6]N



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXR

3!P


N($%S(&]F(#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

Q-C`[
C@L(#(P

M;&4]

'!T.SXL('1H
M92!#;VUP86YY)W



'!T

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXL(&]F('=H:6-H(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M9R!L;W-S97

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M;W`Z







'!T.SXR






T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ








M

3!P=#L^
C`Q-3PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


#`Y+!(+E(N(#,U-#@@=V%S('-I9VYE9!I;G1O




M(&]F($@N4BX@


2!R96-E:79E9`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXD
3(R+C8@;6EL;&EO;CPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M=64@4V5R=FEC92`H)B
X
C(P.TE24R8C.#(R





@;&ET:6=A=&EO;B!W:71H('1H92!)
M4E
N(%-E92`F(S@R
C`[3F]T92`Q-BX@0V]M;6ET;65N='
@86YD($-O;G1I
M;F=E;F-I97
F(S@R


3(P)3MP861D















M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




@:6X@
C`Q
M








M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

3)P


M93HQ



'!T.SY!(')E8V]N8VEL:6%T:6]N(&]F('1H92!B

M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T0W
R4@




T0Q)2!R;W=S



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ





P
#`P





F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1E8V5M8F5R(#(Y
M+`R


M9RUT;W`Z







M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




G!X.V)A8VMG


3!P=#L^


M





'!T.SXQ-RPQ

M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE








M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



@82!R97-U;'0@





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T







M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


CPO9F]N=#X\





M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,3`Q/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^)B
X




P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

P
#`P
#`[



M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


T1T


S8\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





M/3-$



M:'0Z





L(&5N9!O9B!Y96%R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO




M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P






M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





P
#`P




M




M(S`P
#`P





3!P=#L^


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M





M93HQ
'!T.SXD


@=&AA=!W:6QL(&-H86YG92!I
M;B!T:&4@;F5X=!T=V5L=F4@;6]N=&AS+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T




G!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

@:6YT





3
\+V9O


M93HQ



3!P

@:6X@=&AE(%4N4RX@*&EN8VQU9&EN



M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

3)P


M93HQ





M('EE87(@96YD960@2G5N92`R-BP@
C`P-!F;W(@1V]L9!+:7-T($EN8RX@

#M.;W1E(#$V

3L@9F]R(&%D


3)P


3!P=#L^3VX@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#$S+`R,#$S+!T:&4@25)3








M96EG:'0Z







3!P=#L^




'!T.SXR





T1F;VYT+69A



M8V1D-61C9F1?8V9E95\T-S(S7V$Y-S%?8F%F93@R9F5F
S4V#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T


M7V)A9F4X
F9E9C

C$N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@








3I4:6UE<R!.

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E

M='












T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M

'!T.SY4:&4@0V]M



M93HQ

38P.S(X+`R,#$T/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T



M:6%L('-T871E;65N='











M:&4@)B
X
C(P.T=+(%!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;B8C.#(R
3LI+B!4:&4@56YI;VX@

@8V5R=&%I;B!L;V-A=&EO;G

@

@8V5R=&%I
M;B!E;&EG:6)L92!5+E



@=VET


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M


F4Z,3!P=#L^
M5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@<W!O;G-O<G,@='=O(&YO;G%U86QI9FEE9!D969I;F5D


M=!0;&%N(AT:&4@)B
X
C(P.U-%4E`@4&QA;B8C.#(R
3LI(&%N9!T:&4@
M1F]R;65R($=O;&0@2VES=!);F


C`[1&ER96-T;W)S)B
X
C$W
M.R!%;65R:71I(%!L86XF(S@R
C$[*2X@4&EL9W)I;28C.#(Q-SMS(%!R:61E

M96-T;W)S)B
X
C$W.R!%;65R:71I(%!L86X@=&AR;W5G:!I=',@86-Q=6ES
M:71I;VX@;V8@1V]L9!+:7-T(&EN(#(P

M=FED97
@8F5N969I='








G!X.W1E


M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I

:69E





@;VYE(&1E9FEN960@8F5N


M86X@*'1H92`F(S@R
C`[4F5T:7)E92!
:69E(%!L86XF(S@R
C$[*2X@4&EL

M;V)L:6=A=&EO;G
L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!T:&4@4F5T:7)E92!
:69E(%!L86XL


M965S+B!/;B!*=6QY(#$L(#(P
#


@-34@86YD(#8U(&-O=6QD(&-O;G1I;G5E('1H96ER

M=&AE(&UE9&EC86P@:6YS=7)A;F-E('!L86X@9F]R(&%C=&EV92!E;7!L;WEE
M97





3!P=#L^5&AE(&-H86YG92!I;B!B96YE9FET(&]B;&EG871I;VXL(&-H




3(P


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


'!T

3`P


M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M






P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#MP


M:'0Z





38P.SPO



M9#L^3W1H97(@0F5N969I='




P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S


#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]




P
#`P



M




G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ









M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^4')O:F5C=&5D(&)E;F5F:70@
M;V)L:6=A=&EO;BP@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&]F('EE87(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-S`L,#,P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M






3X\





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;VTZ




M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





'!T.SX\9F]N



'!T.SX\9F]N








'!T.SXX+#$P


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T







M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXH

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\





G!X







G!X






3X\9&EV('-T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^*#@L


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M








M;W1T;VTZ





T1T97AT+6%L


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO




3X\


P
#`P


P
#`P

P
#`P


P
#`P









M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



M;&4]

7!X










G!X.W!A9&1I








P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

#`P
#MP





3!P=#L^
3DP+#0P
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P


M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B

#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z










'!T.SXQ-S`L
#

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P






M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]



#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M861D:6YG/3-$

M;'DZ5&EM97


M.F%U=&\[;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.F%U=&\[=VED=&@Z
3`P)3MB;W)D97(M8V]L



M



T0Q



T0Q)2!R



T0Y)2!R;W=S




M/3-$


T1V97)T

F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P


G!X




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M969I='

T1V

F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D

P
#`P


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N


C`Q




M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR

P
#`P








M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z













3!P=#L^
3`X+#0Y-CPO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^.3(L






M;&4]


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S@R








T1F;VYT+69A



M

'!T.SXF(S@R
3([



G!X.W!A9&1I









M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R






M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M



'!T.SXQ
RPU

M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F





M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT





F4Z,3!P=#L^0F5N969I=',@<&%I9#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


BPQ-30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ

M9RUT;W`Z











6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





#`P
M



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^*#(T.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M



'!T.SXF(S@R











M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T:6-A




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



L(&5N




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I

2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,3,L-34R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D









M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A



#`P







#`P

M;VTZ






'!T.SXQ

#`P

#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



P
#`P


M/3-$


P
#`P
#`[




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


3!P
M=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A9&1I



M93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q-B!R;W=S


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M






M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X



T1F;VYT+69A

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P

T1V


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@





'0M86QI




M






3X\



M;VTZ







M;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXH-C$L-3



M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]





M





M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M/3-$





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z








T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E
F4Z
M



#`E

M='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#DE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1F;VYT


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M




T1T97AT+6%L


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M


30\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I








M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


@







3!P=#L^


M


3X\9&EV








M;&4]




G!X.W!A9&1I

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






M







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M



'!T.SXH









M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\




G!X


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,30X/]F;VYT/CPO




2!C








M;&4]

'!T.SY
;VYG

P
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]

7!X

F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I
M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



#`P









P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ









M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L





M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P








P
#`P









M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



2!C;VQS















'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M




M

M(S`P
#`P



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D







3X\9&EV('-T

M;F1E;G0Z

'!X




3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT




#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

6QE/3-$

P
#`P





F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P,30\+V9O;G0^/]D


M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



C`Q
SPO9F]N


M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

#$T

P
#`P








G!X



M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY!
M;6]U;G1S(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@86-C=6UU;&%T960@;W1H97(@/]F;VYT


6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

G!X.W!A9&1I











T1F;VYT+69A



M

'!T.SXT
RPY



2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

2!C




M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P








M;&4]




G!X.W!A9&1I

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z









T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXD
3DP+C`@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


3!P=#L^)#$W
F4Z,3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V,#LR.P@
C`Q-#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
M
C`Q






F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY.970@4&5R:6]D:6,@0F5N969I
M=!#;W-T(A);F-O;64I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ







M=&@]



M



T0Q



T0Q)2!R



T0W)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M



2!C




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P









M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P





M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




M

M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ






M:'0Z





38P.SPO


C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




#`P

G!X.W!A

M


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR

P
#`P





F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P,3,\+V9O;G0^/]D


M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



C`Q
CPO9F]N



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M;VTZ


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


G!X.V)A


3!P


M93HQ





'!T.SXF(S@R






M;&4]


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S@R








T1F;VYT+69A



M

'!T.SXU
3PO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^)B
X



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B






3!P=#L^)B
X
M



#
\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXW+#DU-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^.#$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






M






M/3-$







M;VTZ






M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A














38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R


G!X



3X\


M;VTZ







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.SXF(S@R

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M

T1V97)T:6-A


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXH







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V











T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SY!;6]R=&EZ871I;VX@;V8@;F5T(&QO






'!T.SXU-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^*#(\+V9O;G0^


G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

'!T.SX\9F]N





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I

2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#@W.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





P
M
#`P





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^
BPY

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P












P
#`P


M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B

#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P



#`P




3!P=#L^-C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

7!X('-O;&ED







P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





M96EG:'0Z






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D5C;VYO




3!P=#L^5&AE('=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@87-S=6UP=&EO;G
@=7-E






M



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z






M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R


M.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P
3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ


3(\+V9O






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D)E;F5F:70@;V)L:6=A=&EO;CH\+V9O;G0^







T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1V97)T:6-A


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B





M;&4]


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]





G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL





M:'0Z









G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O










M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


M







M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z








M;W1T;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^







3!P=#L^-2XP.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^4F%T92!O9B!C

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N








M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B







M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P


M/3-$



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M/3-$



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V97)T


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B




M/3-$











38P









M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


G!X.R!R;W=S








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

M.C$R


T1F

G!T.SX\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T

@


M;7




@;V8@=F%R

@=VAE;B!D979E;&]P:6YG
M('1H:7




3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY0;&%N($%S

3(P






F
M(S@R








3!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#IA=71O


T0W-R4@


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M





38P.SPO9F]N






M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT



M

'!T.SXF(S@R
3([




T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^)B
X









M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^17%U:71Y('-E8W5R:71I97
\+V9O









M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B






C!P







6QE

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z







M;&4]


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


\


T1V








G!X.W!A9&1I













T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\



M9RUT;W`Z




M













G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\






\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!F


T1W:61T:#HT.'!X.R!R





T1V




X
C(P.T-#5'
F(S@R



M='




M=&AE(&9E97


M;F0@8V%N(&EN=F5S=!I;B!R:7-K:65R(&EN=F5S=&UE;G1S+!S=6-H(&%S









T1F;VYT

'!T.SX@:6X@9FEX960@:6YC
M;VUE('-E8W5R:71I97






T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q
SPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





T0P



M9'1H.CDY+C8P.3


R(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q


2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M



T0Q



M;&4]



T0G=F5R


M;&0[/C(P

T1V97)T:6-A



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



3
H82D\

T1V97)T:6-A


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




M



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF

M=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R





R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X



T1F;VYT+69A




M





38P.SPO9F]N



P
#`P






P
#`P


G!X.W!A


6QE/3-$


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




P
#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T


M

38P.SPO



3X\9&EV('-T






T1F



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]













T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI

S



M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M










M

CL\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q






R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



R!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


R!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B









T1F;VYT+69A




M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^4VUA;&PO36ED(%4N4RX@97%U:71Y






M.#(Q




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


2PP-C(\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

M;&4]

M




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


2PQ.3(\+V9O;G0^


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

3!P=#L^

M.'!T.SXF(S@R


T1F;VYT+69A






T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


2PW



3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M.SXF(S@R


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY&



M/3-$



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT




M(&-O;'-P86X]





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@






M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]




G!X.W!A9&1I







@9G5N
M9'



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



T1V97)T

X
M



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V




X


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

3!P=#L^

M.'!T.SXF(S@R


T1F;VYT+69A

3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M.'!T.SXF(S@R


T1F;VYT+69A

3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M.'!T.SXF(S@R


T1F;VYT+69A




M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M.'!T.SXF(S@R


T1F;VYT+69A





M;&4]







X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^)B
X









38P

M.2PW




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


X
C$R.SPO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M;&4]







M(S`P
#`P




P
#`P


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

Q+#@W-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M.SXF(S@R


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

Q+#@W-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE

S
\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





P
M
#`P




#`P



F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
3$S+#4Q.3PO

P
#`P
#`[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

7!X('-O;&ED








T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





P
#`P




M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ


F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S



M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,3`X+#(R,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P



#`P


P
#`P
#`[)R!R




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

#@L

#`P
#MB

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^
M/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$







M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


M


M










M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z,'!X.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*&,I/]F;VYT




M:'0Z





T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




M97






3X\9&EV




@;V8@;W=N97)S:&EP+!I;B!S;6%L;!T

N(%1H97-E(&EN=F5S=&UE




@3F5W(%)O


T1W:61T:#HT





M;&4]







3X\9&EV



M;W(@9&5B=!O9B!A(&-O;7!A;GD@;W(@9V]V97)N;65N=!E;G1I='D@*&EN
M8VQU9&EN9R!5+E

3MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HT.'!X.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,G!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$R<'0[
M/CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N

M;G!U='


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






@86YD(&EN('1H92!A
M9V=R96=A=&4@9F]R('1H92!F:79E('EE87)S('1H97)E869T97(@9G)O;2!O

N($)E








'!X.VQI;F4M

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M





38P.SPO9F]N



\




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X



T1F;VYT+69A

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT

M;VQD.SXH26X@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R



34\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





2!C





G!X.W!A9&1I





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^
3(L.3
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^
3
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M






T1V97)T






3!P=#L^









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O




3@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXQ
S`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








M



'!T.SX\9F]N








3X\9&EV











M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


2!C









M

'!T.SY4;W1A;#PO

P
#`P


G!X

#`P



M;&4]


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O



#`P




3!P=#L^
3$T+#$P
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P

P
#`P

M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO

P
#`P


G!X

#`P



M;&4]


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O



#`P




3!P=#L^
2PR-S8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

M.C$R

3!P=#L^


3!P=#L^


T1F

'!T.SXD



M
'!T.SXR



M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O

@:6X@06-C=6UU;&%T

;W-S(A);F-O;64I/]F;VYT/CPO

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ







T1P
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

@


M9VEN+7)I9VAT.F%U=&\[=VED=&@Z.3DN-C`Y


M/3-$

T0Q



T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M



2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$


G!X.W!A9&1I




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

\+V9O



P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I






G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M:'0Z8F]L9#L^
C`Q

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




M;&4]

M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



F4Z.'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P,30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@
M<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[<&%D9&EN9RUL969T.C)P








38P


C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




#`P

G!X

M86X]






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L



M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH26X@=&AO=7-A
M;F1S*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E


M



M


T1F;VYT+69A




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



M93HQ



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^-3,L,S8X/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



G!X.W!A


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





G!X.W!A9&1I

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M9RUT;W`Z


M;&4]









M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B







M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V









3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V




X


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M.7!T.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;W`Z


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^0W5R=&%I;&UE;G0F(S$V
#MA;F0F(S$V
#MS971T;&5M

\+V9O


G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A














38P


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B





M




M/3-$

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



C0L






B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@






M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M



M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V





3!P


M93HQ


M



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M.SXH
3$L






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



M;&4]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

M
RPY

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




P
#`P


3X\9&EV


#`P
#MP861D


7!X
F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^
M

#`P
M

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



P
#`P
#`[


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



L

#`P
#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



P
#`P

2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF

M;&4@(S`P
#`P

G!X



P
#`P

M

M
#`P





T1F;VYT



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT




P
#`P


M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I







P
#`P
M



#`P



M='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




3!P=#L^+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T





T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT








X
C(P.U)3(%!L86XF(S@R
C$[

@86YD(%)E=&ER

M;&4]

'!T.SX@;V8@


3!P=#L^('1O(#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






3!P=#L^+B!4:&4@
M5&\M4FEC;W

@4V5C=&EO;B`Q
38U*&4I('-A;&%R

M;G



M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!E;G-E<R!R
M96QA=&5D('1O(&ET<R!D969I;F5D(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;B!P;&%N<R!T;W1A
M;&5D(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[






M

T1F;VYT+69A


3!P=#L^
M


3!P=#L^
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N



3!P=#L^
C`Q


3(P







M='
@;V8@;6]R=&=A9V4M8F%C:V5D('-E8W5R:71I97
N($AO=V5V97(L(&YO



M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8V1D-61C9F1?8V9E95\T-S(S7V$Y
M-S%?8F%F93@R9F5F

O4VAE970R
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L







3!P=#LG

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M5%D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY2:6=H='


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M:&4@)B
X


3!P=#L^


#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N




M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






#$R+B!/;B!-87)C:`W+`R
#$R
6QE/3-$9F]N





T1F;VYT

'!T.SXN(%1H92!#;VUP86YY


M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





'!T.SX@;VX@=&AE($-O;G-O;&ED871E9!86QA

@






'!T.SXD-3`N
!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT/CQF



G!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T





T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT


3(P)3MP861D


3)P


M93HQ
G!T.SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I
F4Z
3!P=#L^




M(&-O;'-P86X]

M:61T:#TS1#



M=&@]



M



T0Q



T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M


T1V97)T:6-A



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



30\+V9O









3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I







G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G=F5R



P
#`P









#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L








M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




M

M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT


T0Q-2!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH26X@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^0F%L
M86YC92P@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&]F('EE87(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






M/3-$



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



T1F

'!T.SXV
CPO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z







M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B






3!P=#L^*#8X
M+#4Q


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^*#8X+#4Q







M/3-$











38P




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T





G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXR
2PW
3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXV


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L







B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^
S4\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC




M

P
#`P


P
#`P









M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q






'!T.SXF(S@R


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B






'!T.SXQ+#`P
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



G!X.R!R





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M;&4]

'!T.SXH
38L




M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M




G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXV
M


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O




#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X








P
#`P


G!X

#`P



M;&4]


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O



#`P




3!P=#L^*#8R+#4W
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P




G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P




#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R



#`P



3!P=#L^

M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



3X\9&EV('-T




G!X.W!A

M



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P

G!X.W!A







M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL

N

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




M875T;SMW:61T:#HY.2XV

M93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
2!R;W=S


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M


T0Q


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
S`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


M;'

;W-S
M($-O;7!O;F5N='

T1V97)T



#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]


G!X.W!A
#L@8V]L<W!A;CTS


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P
3

M


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



3X\






M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE








M











'!T.SXU-C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




3X\9&EV('-T








G!X



3X\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL







M:'0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0S('-T






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


C!P











M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




Q








H8RD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




P
#`P



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




#`P

G!X


M



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B












M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





3!P


M93HQ


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M;&4]

'!T.SXH
3DQ



M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I

#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







M/3-$




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z










3X\9&EV('-T




M;&4]



M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

T1F;VYT+69A


M:&5S97

M;G





4[9F]N
M=US:7IE.CAP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z








T0P



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^*&







L('1H92!$:7)E

F(S@R




X





M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL





3(P)3MP861D




34L(#(P
34L





'!T.SXD

M

'!T.SX@8F%S960@





S`L(#(P









M97)E=&\L('1H92!#;VYS;VQI9&%T960@1FEN86YC:6%L(%-T871E;65N='
@

M;65N='


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY024Q'4DE-)B
X
C$W
M.U
@4%))1$4@0T]24$]2051)3TX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([9F]N=US:7IE


M=&@]




M



M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

P
M
#`P


M=W-P86X]



38P


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



M96UB97(F(S$V

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M



'!T.SXU-S8L






T1F


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ
M+#$Y-BPP

T1V97)T:6-A














3(P)3MF

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M







M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B@Q+#4P

M;W`Z


M





G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N

R!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M








M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




R!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S@R
M



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^

#PO





3X\





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


M







G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^3W1H97(\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




P
#`P




3!P=#L^
M)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





G!X






M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L





M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



3X\9&EV('-T

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^




6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B









M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C



M;'-P86X]


#`P

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

P
#`P




#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



I/]S=7`^
M)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M+6QE9G0Z



P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT















M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



3X\9&EV


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS





T1F;VYT

'!T.SXR+#@Q-2PP-C
\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



M;W`Z


M:'0Z


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M9RUT;W`Z


M;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


M:'0Z


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






M;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T1V



M;&EA8FEL:71I97

T1V97)T

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M





M;W`Z


M
















'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






3!P=#L^
2PQ.38L




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^3W1H97(@

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXY-RPR

T1V97)T





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



M)B
X



M;VTZ



M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,2PU,#`L,#`P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


#`P

G!X

M/3-$











3(P)3MF

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D








#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR<'@[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



M;&4]


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


L
3$Y
M+#`V

P
#`P
#`[



'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^
M*#


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I






M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H

M82!#;VYS;VQI9&%T960@0F%L86YC92!3:&5E=#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV


G!X.W1E


T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT

3)P



M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

3!P=#L^


M

M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT+69A







M
'!T.SXD


M/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C96QL







T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O






T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M


@;V8@1&5C
M96UB97(@
C@L(#(P
30@9VEV97

M;G
@87


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A




T0P





M


3!P

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXH82D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T0P('-T



M:&5I9VAT.C$R




3X\9&EV('-T







M;&4]


3!P=#L^*&
6QE/3-$


M9F1?8V9E95\T-S(S7V$Y-S%?8F%F93@R9F5F
S4V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T


M
F9E9C

C


^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5-13X-

M;'-P86X]


M
#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$

]


]



3(P)3MP861D:6YG


3!P=#L^


M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/DE.0T5.5$E612!#



M8F%S960@8F]N=7




3!P=#L^)#
U+C`@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

Q-C`[
C@L(#(P

M;&4]




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M





@*'1H
M92`F(S@R

3L@=VET:&EN
M('1H92!M96%N:6YG(&]F('1H92!)4D

X
C(P.U)357
F(S@R


3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S





M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
#MF;VYT





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG(&%W

T1F;VYT

'!T.SXR

3!P

3(P


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


'!T

M-C`Y


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3DE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
30E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A





M





G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M:'0Z8F]L9#L^0F5N969I=!0;&%N/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T






M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R



P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M;&4]



#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3X\









3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M





M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






M:'0Z





38P.SPO


3`P+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


Q-C`[
30L(#(P
3$\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





6QE


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

M86YU87)Y)B
Q-C`[
RP@




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV











G!X



T1F;VYT


G!X.W!A9&1I





M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^3%1)4#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

M;&4]




G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


#LR-RP@
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



G!X.W!A


F4Z.'!T.SY397)V:6-E/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V



#LR-RP@
C`Q-#PO9F]N



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z









G!X.W!A9&1I






G!X.R!R



T1F;VYT+69A






G!X



T1F;VYT


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



#LT+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B





M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T












G!X.R!R;W=S



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL





#MP861D:6YG


G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

T1F

#PO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


38P.S(U+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T






M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\











38P


38P.S(T+`R,#$U/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M


X

F4Z.'!T.SXE/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T






M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\



M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^4E-!/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


34L




Q-C`[
C4L(#(P
3


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M9RUT;W`Z






G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M

F4Z.'!T.SXE/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^4W1O8VL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS













M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


C`V+#DS
SPO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


38P.S(V+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D






M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


38P.S
Q+`R,#$T/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

F4Z.'!T.SXE/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D






M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M



M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^4E-5/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B





M





38P.SPO9F]N





M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


38P.S$Y+`R,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B











38P

M96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV


T1F;VYT+69A



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M;W`Z




3(P




M92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F(&5A8V@@4E-!(&%N9!24U4@9W)A;G1E9!R97!R
M97-E;G1S('1H92!C;&]S:6YG('!R:6-E(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W
M.W
@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]N('1H92!R97-P96-T:79E(&=R86YT(&1A=&4N















M;BUR:6=H=#IA=71O.W=I9'1H.CDY+C8P.3


M1#$R(')O=W-P86X]


T0Q)2!R




T0Q)2!R;W=S





M/3-$


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




M;&4]

M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



F4Z.'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P,3,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@
M<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[<&%D9&EN9RUL969T.C)P








38P


C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M
T0Q

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






M:'0Z





38P.SPO




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M





M





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


T1F

'!T.SXS.34\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\









3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







'!T.SXT+#4S
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




B!S='EL


#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^
BPY.#0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT







!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXT

P
#`P
#`[




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

2!C




T1F

'!T.SXS+#
T-3PO9F]N

P
#`P

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXV.#0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^






M97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A




M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M9RUT;W`Z


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^








M







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M;&4]

'!T.SXT-S$\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V





F4Z,3!P=#L^,C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M,T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I
6QE/3-$


M93HQ





3!P

M+C8P.3


T0Q/CPO=&0^



M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R




#`P



M86X]




P
#`P


3
\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$-B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.CMP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





P
#`P



P
#`P



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]





B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

R!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S


M93HQ








G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






M:'0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\







3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M





'!T.SXR-S

M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N



M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X









B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M9RUT;W`Z



3!P=#L^

M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F









B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXU+C`P/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P
M=#L^*#$W
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


P
#`P






3!P=#L^*#$P
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^
M)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





G!X



!D;W5B;&4@
M(S`P
#`P






3!P=#L^
S`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R












3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV+C4Y/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO







M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P





M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P






3!P=#L^-BXU-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P



M:'0Z





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




G!X.W!A9&1I


M:'0Z


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$


M.VAE:6=H=#HR


38P.SPO9F]N





M=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M

R!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M





M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








G!X.R!R










M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D











38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I







3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V





'!T.SXF(S@R

M93HQ




M


3!P


M93HQ


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



G!X


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M






















M




M/3-$





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B











M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S@R

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^)B
X




G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^







3!P=#L^.XX.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


M


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N





'!T.SXF(S@R





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY/


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ
M+#$R,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




T1F;VYT+69A


#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXQ
2XY-SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P







M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P



7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M








P
#`P


M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



P
#`P



#`P




3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





'!T.SXR


F4Z,3!P=#L^+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN($YO('-H87)E<R!V97-T


3!P=#L^
C`Q

M

T1F;VYT


38P










3!P




M-61C9F1?8V9E95\T-S(S7V$Y-S%?8F%F93@R9F5F
S4V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T


M9F4X
F9E9C





^+RH@1&\@


$5-

]
M


]


M/E)%3$%4140@4$%25%D@5%)!3E-!0U1)3TY3/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D



T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M:'0Z8F]L9#L^4D5
051%1!005)462!44D%.4T%#5$E/3E,\+V9O;G0^/]D
M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
#MF;VYT









@86YD(&5X96-U=&EV92!O



@9F%V
M;W)A8FQE('1O('5S('1H86XL('1H;W-E(&]B=&%I;F%B;&4@9G)O;2!U;F%F



C`P.2P@2D)3(%5302!B96-A;64@=&AE(&AO;&1E


@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
C@L(#(P
30L($I4R!54T$@8F5N
M969I8VEA;&QY(&]W;F5D(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M


@;V8@;W5R(&-O;6UO
M;B!S=&]C:RX@)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B

'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A9&1I







T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S



T1V


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T



M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^,C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED


3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




I


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY*0E
@55-!.CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





M:'0Z





38P.SPO


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R





M;W`[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z




G!X.R!R;W=S








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O




G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



M





38P.SPO9F]N




M/3-$







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^





M.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1V97)T:6-A






3!P=#L^
RPX-#D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S@R


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/DI4R!54T$L($Q,0SH\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M


3!P


M



'!T.SY0=7)C:&%S97
@9G)O;2!*0E


M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

T1P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ



0R!O;B!B96AA;&8@;V8@4&EL9W)I







3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B










M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B











#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M
3!P=#L^4V%L97


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


CPO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




X
C$W.W

M92UH96EG:'0Z









M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O










38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N





M





38P

M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M



M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ









M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E-E87)A($EN=&5R;F%T:6]N86P@


M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C

M(%-E87)A($EN=&5R;F%T:6]N86P@3'1D+B`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR+#`Y
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS






M:'0Z





M:'0Z8F]L9#L^2D)3($-H:6QE($QT9&$N.CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M/3-$



=&1A




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


CL\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M9XZ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


T0S('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M4V%L97
@=&\@2D)3($=L;V)A;`H54LI($QT9X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M





3!P=#L^)B
X






M9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^




@




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




M8VEL:71I97



#$T

M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)#`N
F4Z.'!T.SX@=&\@<F5I;6)U<G-E

M


3X\




M:'0Z


M;CIT;W`[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



C`Q

M(#(P




M

M/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M

@


T1W














M;&EC96YS97






M;&QO8V%T92!T:&4@8V]S='

@


3$

0RX@

C`Q-2X\+V9O;G0^
M/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.C$R


M

G!T.SX\+V9O;G0^


M





T1F;VYT+69A


38P.S(Y

M;R!*0E

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXD



'!T.SXP+C$@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N


M(&]U='-T86YD:6YG(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@9G)O;2!*0E



M93HQ
'!T.SXD

T1F;VYT

'!T.SXN(#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M



Q
M-C`[
C@L(#(P




M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
3

T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXL('1H92!O=71S=&%N9&EN
M9R!P87EA8FQE('1O($I4R!54T$L($Q,0R!W87,@/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T







3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M/BP@=&AE(&]U='-T86YD:6YG(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@9G)O;2!*0E
@55-!+!,
M3$,@=V%S(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R


3!P=#L^+!R97-P
M96-T:79E;'DN($%S(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M




=&0N



'!T.SXD









3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@





T1T;W`^0T]-34E4345.5%
@
M04Y$($-/3E1)3D=%3D-)15

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

3)P=#L^/&9O;G0@


G!T.SX\












3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD

M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



3!P=#L^
M1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O











'!T.SXR


3!P=#L^+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN/]F

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I


3(P)3MP861D:6YG





M;G






M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


3!P=#L^)#$T+C
@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N




'!T.SXR


T1F

'!T.SXR

M



M

3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S




M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0U(')O=W-P86X]

M=&@]



M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M/3-$



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T





B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R







M;&4]

'!T.SXR
#$X


M







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXR
M




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L



M



M



M





38P.SPO9F]N




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXS+#$Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I








#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





M96EG:'0Z




M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE








3!P=#L^5&AE($-O
M;7!A;GD@86QS;R!M86EN=&%I;G







3!P=#L^('1O(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M(&%M;W5N=!W;W5L9!B92!O9F9S970@8GD@86YY(')E8V]V97)A8FQE(&%M








M:'0Z










@9'5E('1O(&$@8VAA



M9&5P;W-I='





M;7!A;GDF(S@R

@8V]N=&%I;B!A('=I=&AH



@82!R97-U;'0@;V8@82!C






M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
#MF;VYT+7-I





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M86YY(')O=71I;F4@8V]N=')A8W1S(&EN('=H:6-H('=E('!R;W9I9&4@9V5N




38P.R8C
38P
M.R8C
38P.R8C







M86P@9&5F96YS97








3!P=#L^1&5C
M96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M



M:6TF(S@R



#(@;V8@=&AE($5M

C`[15))4T$F(S@R
C$[*2P@
CD@52Y3+D


L(&%L;&5G:6YG('1H870@=&AE(&1E9F5N
M9&%N='


M960@15))4T$N($%L=&AO=6=H('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&ES(&YO=!A(&YA;65D
M(&1E9F5N9&%N=!I;B!T:&5S92!C;&%I;7





3!P=#L^+B!4:&4@;&EK96QI




@:6YT;R!B=6EL9&EN9R!C


X
C$W.W
@


@9FEN9&EN9W



F(S@R



M

'!T.SXN($%F=&5R

C`Q







M93HQ
'!T.SXD

3!P=#L^+B!/;B!*86YU87)Y





L(#(P





C0L(#(P





@=V%S(&5X

M



@97AH875S=&5D+B!4


@8V]M

CDL(#(P
3(L(&)U




@87-S97)T
M960@8GD@=&AE('!L86EN=&EF9G
@9G)O;2!T:&4@1F%R;65R=FEL;&4L($QO

M


@



M;G
@87-S97)T960@8GD@=&AE('!L86EN=&EF9G
@9G)O;2!T:&4@1&4@475E


F(S@R


@9G)O;2!T:&4@


@

M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



G!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$R


M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




'!T.SXD
CDN

3!P=#L^(&]F('1H

M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

3)P=#L^


M



'!T.SY);B!C;VYN96-T:6]N('=I=&@@=&AE(')E;6%I

M;&4]

'!T.SXD-#4N





M3VX@1&5C96UB97(@
3$L(#(P
3



#$T+!04$,@9FEL960@8F]T:!A($UO=&EO;B!F;W(@



38P.S$P+`R,#$T+!T:&4@5&%X($-O=7)T



C`Q





M:&4@9G5L;!A;6]U;G0@;V8@8F5N969I=!W87


M8V9E95\T-S(S7V$Y-S%?8F%F93@R9F5F
S4V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T


F9E
M9C



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E



M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L



T1T;W`^34%2

M92UH96EG:'0Z




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I
M9VAT.F)O;&0[/DU!4DM%5!225-+4R!!3D0@0T].0T5.5%)!5$E/3E,\+V9O
M;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R









M=')A9&4@86-C;W5N='





M861E(&%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@87)E(&QI;6ET960@9'5E('1O('1H

T1F

'!T.SX@;V8@=')A9&4@
M86-C;W5N='
@86YD(&]T:&5R(')E8V5I=F%B;&5S(&%T(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P

T1F






@=')A9&4@86-C
M;W5N='



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


F4Z,3!P=#L^+!A<'!R;WAI;6%T96QY(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[/C
X


3!P=#L^(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@96UP;&]Y


M97)A=&EO;G









@8V]L;&5C=&EV

M:6X@;F5G;W1I871I;VYS(&%T(&]N92!L;V-A=&EO;BP@86YD('1H97)E(&ES



T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N



3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@



F9E9C







]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@




]





G!X


M;&4]

'!T.SX\+V9O


M93HQ
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D)54TE.15-3(%-%1TU%3E0@04Y$
M($=%3T=205!(24


3!P

T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SYO;F4\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX@





N(&]P97)A=&EO;G
N($-O





3(P)3MP





M
T0U

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M





38P.SPO9F]N


M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

#$T

P
#`P










M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M8F]L9#L^
C`Q





#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R





G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





M:'0Z





38P.SPO


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R




\+V9O




G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXW+#`V-RPT

T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\










M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

3`X+#
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


3(\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS,#$L-30U/]F;VYT





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M







3X\9&EV
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T
M.SXX,PQ

T1V97)T:6-A














38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXU



3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXQ
3$L

M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A



M

M

M86X]


M93HQ



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C8R+#8T


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


T.3PO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^4V]U=&@@

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^
3@L
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^
3DL
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M86X]






3!P=#L^
3





M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B






'!T.SXQ+#8T
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




B!S='EL


#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^
BPS.3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


L




M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P




3!P=#L^


M

#`P
M





3!P=#L^.PU.#,L,S8U/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



P
#`P


M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B

#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z










'!T.SXX+#$R
2PS.#(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R
M/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.C$R





M/3-$



M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC


M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
3
\+V9O




M;VTZ


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

M;CIT;W`[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z











38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N





M






M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O





M9RUT;W`Z










3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXY
M-BPY

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C@T+#@T.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M93HQ


M93HQ
!D
M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ+#$X

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



P
#`P
#`[









T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^


M:&5I9VAT.C$R







TU,TT

M(&-A;FYO=!B92!R96%D:6QY(')E;6]V960N/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^5&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!T86)L
F4Z,3!P=#L^,C`Q,CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M



'!T.SX\
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[




3!P=#MM87)G:6XM

W-24[



M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]
T0Q

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M






M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^52Y3



M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M



M/3-$



G!X


M
3!P=#L^


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N



M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M




M;&4]





M



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^-PW,#,L.3DS/]F;VYT



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^-PQ,C,L,#@W/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^
RPU.#
L


G!X.W!A











M

F4Z,3!P=#L^
M-C(P+#`X,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$

P
#`P






3!P=#L^-S$U+#DW
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3X\






3X\9&EV





B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$

M;&4]










M:'0Z







#`P

G!X


M



P
#`P
#`[)R!R




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M;&4]

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M




T1T97AT+6%L


P
#`P

M








3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY4
M;W1A;!C:&EC:V5N/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


#$Q+#@R



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N





G!X.R!R;W=S


M93HQ



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R








M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T










G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV,#@L-C$Y/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]



P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P


M93HQ

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I






M93HQ




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD


3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

P
#`P




3!P=#L^


M

#`P
M





3!P=#L^.PU.#,L,S8U/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



P
#`P


M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B

#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z










'!T.SXX+#$R
2PS.#(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C9&0U9&-F9%]C9F5E7S0W,C-?83DW
M,5]B869E.#)F968S-38-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M8V1D-61C9F1?8V9E95\T-S(S7V$Y-S%?8F%F93@R9F5F

M='




CX\


T0Q


#$T/&)R/CPO


M/E%505)415)


M:'0Z







T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O
M;&0[/E%505)415)
62!215-53%13(A53D%51$E4140I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL



M93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0R


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

T0Q)2!R



T0Q


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M/3-$


T0Q


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A




G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I






G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O




P
#`P


G!X.W!A


6QE/3-$




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



'0M86QI9VXZ







M;&4]

'!T.SY.970@







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M;W1T;VTZ





M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M/3-$




M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR+#$Q,PT

M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE








M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


#8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M









38P

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^






M/3-$





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV


3!P=#L^3F5T(&EN8V]M92!A='1R



3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[8V]M







3X\9&EV('-T
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXY
M.PQ


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO





'!T.SXQ.3`L



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ









M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SXP+C
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O










3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^
BXW-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO






G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M



'!T.SXP+C



SPO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXP+C8T/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^
BXW-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^.3$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M,T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXS-C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








M:6YG/3-$



M/3-$


T0Q


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C


T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M/3-$

T0Q



#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

P
#`P



G!X

F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E1H:7)D/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L







M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B










T1F


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXR
M+#`S-BPY

T1V97)T:6-A














38P






M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





2!C;VQS





G!X.W!A9&1I





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ
3@L-#
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^
C@R+#4P-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$
6QE


M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M;W`Z


M93HQ



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A





M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT




2!C;VQS



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



M;&4]

'!T.SY.970@



3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[8F%S:6
@86YD(&1I;'5T960\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C`N




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V








M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


3!P=#L^.3$\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXY



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT




M

T0P




3X\+W1D/CPO

M/3-$


3(P
6QE

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^26X@=&AE(&9O=7)T:!Q=6%R=&5R(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL









M
T0S

M



T0Q



T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$


T0G=F5R


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#


M;VTZ


P
#`P



M:'0Z


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



P
#`P








M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]




M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^






M


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


#8X+#0W



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B







3!P=#L^


G!X.V)A


3!P


M93HQ





'!T.SXX+#$R
2PS.#(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^1W)O




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,3`L,#8U/]F;VYT





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


S4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXW-2PU-#
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.SXT
S4L.#

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M93HQ

38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.V-O;6UO;B!S


T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^
SDL









M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


3!P=#L^-#(L
M.3





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M







M



3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXP+C`Y/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^.3$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXY
M



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B






M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^






M9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^






M/C(P



M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#$N,2!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T

M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T



F9E9C
U-@T*



]

M:60]



]
T1T:#Y$96



]
T1R;SX-


3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ
G!X.W1E


M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X

M;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M


M=VED=&@Z.3@N-C


M


2!C



2!C;VQS


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M/3-$



M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D








6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T



M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^061D:71I;VYS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D






M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V










38P







M;W`Z









M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M)B





P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ





38P
M.W1O)B


P
#`P





T1F;VYT+69A

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




P
#`P



M


M

T1F;VYT
'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/CQF


M



M

M.'!T.SXF(S$V





F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BA);B!T:&]U<V%N9',I/]F

F4Z,3!P
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY4<F%D92!!8V-O=6YT<R!A;F0@3W1H97(@
M4F5C96EV86)L97,F(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O
M;&0[/D%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@1&]U8G1F=6P@06-C;W5N='



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M





38P.SPO9F]N



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR

F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z








G!X.W!A9&1I





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








3!P=#L^
BPP-3$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M9G0Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M







M

'!T.SXR

F4Z,3!P=#L^,RPW
M-3<\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG
M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXQ+#
V.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXT+#`U-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B










3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.R!R











F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY4<F%D92!!8V-O=6YT<R!A;F0@3W1H97(@4F5C96EV
M86)L97,F(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0S






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M






T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N

'!T.SX\9F]N










G!X.W!A






'!T.SXR



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD


C



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@









3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXR
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG









M;&4]

'!T.SXH8BDF
M(S$V



M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M









G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,PQ-3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&4]

'!T.SXQ-3DL


M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C$V

T1V97)T:6-A














38P


M*28C

B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^
C`Q



2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ
M-#4L









M



'!T.SXH8BDF(S$V

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M+#$U

F(S@R



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;VTZ









M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M





G!X.W!A9&1I





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/BAC*28C








T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/CDL


G!X






'!T.SXR




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^*#$S+#<W-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS



2!C





M





38P.SPO9F]N


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M



M


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B









G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXR


T1V97)T:6-A














38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M93HQ

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M











G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXH8RDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^
3@X+#



T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ









U]A

F9E9C






]

T1)1#!%





]
T1T:#Y$96



]



]

M=&%T96UE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I






@


3!P=#L^-3(\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXO


3!P=#L^-3

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL








T1F;VYT+69A


M;R!T:&5S92!#;VYS;VQI9&%T960@1FEN86YC:6%L(%-T871E;65N='
@87!P

M



T1F;VYT




]




M






L(&]F









&-H86YG92!G86EN<R!O<B!L;W-S
M97,@87)E(&EN8VQU9&5D(&EN('1H92!L:6YE(&ET96T@/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT





M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^4F5V96YU92!296-O9VYI=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


G!X

M93HQ





@;V-C=7)R960N($1E;&EV97)Y


@86YD(')E=V%R9'
@



@86=R965M96YT

M;65N='
L('!R;VUO=&EO;G



]
T1R



3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O





@87)E



M:'0Z









3!P=#L^5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@97AP96YS97

M='
@87


]




3(P)3MP861D


3!P


M93HQ




G!X.W1E

M
G!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M9VX]





T1F;VYT+69A


M;&4]

'!T.SY4:&4@




@87)E


@




M:6=N/3-$=&]P/DEN=F5S=&UE;G1S(&EN(%-E8W5R:71I97

M;'DZ5&EM97


M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E





M97







M:&4@97AT96YT('1O('=H:6-H(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@:7

M;W)T:7IE9!C;W-T+!T:&4@:6UP86-T(&]F(&-H86YG:6YG(&EN=&5R97-T
M(')A=&5S(&EN('1H92!S:&]R=!A;F0@;&]N9R!T97)M+!A;F0@=&AE($-O
M;7!A;GDF(S@R

M;&QO=R!F;W(@86YY(&%N=&EC:7!A=&5D(')E8V]V97)Y(&EN(&9A:7(@=F%L
M=64N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&1E=&5R;6EN97



@:6X@96YT:71I97
@:6X@






M96YT(&5X8V5E9'






@4F5C96EV86)L

3(P)3MP




M;VUP86YY(')E8V]R9'
@86-C;W5N='

M=64@:7



M;6EN:6YG('1H92!A;&QO=V%N8V4@9F]R(&1O=6)T9G5L(&%C8V]U;G1S(&%R

L(&%G:6YG(&]F(&%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4L




@86-C;W5N='




T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ


F4Z,3!P=#L^3&EV92!C:&EC:V5N(&EN=F5N=&]R:65S(&%R92!S=&%T960@
M870@=&AE(&QO=V5R(&]F(&-O<W0@;W(@;6%R:V5T(&%N9!B<F5E9&5R(&AE
M;G

@86-C=6UU;&%T960@86UO


M;W1H97(@:6YV96YT;W)I97
@87)E('-T871E9!A=!T:&4@;&]W97(@;V8@

@9F]R(&]U




M8V]N=&EN=65D('!R;V1U8W0@;&EN97
L(&]R(&1A;6%G960@;W(@;V)S;VQE

N(%=E(&%L;&]C871E(&UE870@8V]S='
@8F5T=V5E;B!O

@






G!X

M93HQ










T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





@:6YC=7)R960N($1E





@87)E(#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






M96EG:'0Z




M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M=W


M=&EO;G


L





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


F4Z,3!P=#L^5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@<F5C;W)D<R!I
M;7!A:7)M96YT(&-H87)G97,@;VX@;&]N9RUL:79E9!A<W-E='






@86YD('1H92!L:6ME+B!792!E

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



3!P


@
M:7



\



M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ









@;V8@=&AE(')E;&%T960@87-S971S+B!4:&4@

3!P=#L^=&AR964\+V9O


M93HQ


3!P=#L^

M


@



'!T.SXQ





@:6YD:6-A=&5S('1H


M8V]V97)A8FQE+B!792!T97-T(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S('-U8FIE8W0@



T1T;W`^0F]O:R!/
M=F5R9')A9G0@0F%L86YC97

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M

6QE.FET86QI8SMF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB
M;VQD.SY;V]K($]V97)D<F%F=!86QA;F-E<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV


G!X.W1E

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






T1T;W`^3&ET:6=A=&EO;B!A


M96EG:'0Z







M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/DQI=&EG871I;VX@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;G0@3&EA8FEL
M:71I97





M97

@=VAE;B!L;W-S
M97





@;6%Y(&-H86YG92!I;B!T:&4@9G5T=7)E(&1U
M92!T;R!C:&%N9V5S(&EN('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@87-S=6UP=&EO
M;G

L(&]R(&]T:&5R

@8F5Y;VYD('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W







@=&\@;&EM
M:70@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R


@97AP96YS97
@87)E(')E=FEE=V5D(')E9W5L87)L




@3F5W


M9VAT.C$R

M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

3)P=#L^


M




M;G

TQ,TS


N(%1H92!#;VUP





M97








@;V8@



M:7-H97






3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O







'!T




M9X@1F]R(&%C=&EV:71Y(&%F=&5R(#(P,#@L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&1I9!N




M=&%X(&)E;F5F:70@=&%K96X@;W(@97AP96-T960@=&\@8F4@=&%K96X@:6X@

@87)E(')E8V]G;FEZ960@;VYL






X
M
C(P.TYO=&4@

3L@=&\@=&AE($-O;G-O




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ







N

@;VX@8W5R

@;V8@=&AE(&QE

4@;V8@=&AE('!R;VIE8W1E9!B96YE9FET(&]B;&EG871I






M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
#MF;VYT





T1F;VYT+69A


M(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L96%S97
@:7


@

@='EP:6-A;&QY(&)E9F]R

M92!L96%S92X@268@82!L96%S92!H87

@:6YC;'5D960@:6X@=&AE($-O;G-O;&ED871E

M(&5S8V%L871I;VX@:7
@8F%S960@;VX@86X@:6YF;&%T:6]N(&EN9&5X(&ES

@:70@:7





M86UI;'DZ5&EM97


M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R








T1F


















]

]













M8V-O=6YT:6YG('!R:6YC:7!L97
@9V5N97)A;&QY(&%C8V5P=&5D(&EN('1H
M92!5+E

@=&AA



@870@=&AE(&1A=&4@;V8@=&AE(&9I;F%N8VEA









]


]








3(P)3MP861D





C`[1D%3
M0B8C.#(R





@;V8@=&AE(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!O=7(@
C`Q
2!E=F%L=6%T:6YG('1H
M92!I;7!A8W0@;V8@=&AE(&YE=R!G=6ED86YC92!O;B!O=7(@9FEN86YC:6%L
M('-T871E;65N='
@86YD(&AA=F4@;F]T('EE=!S96QE8W1E9!A('1R86YS


M95\T-S(S7V$Y-S%?8F%F93@R9F5F

O4VAE970S
2YH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






]



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(X+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@







M



'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT


M






T0Q

T0Q)2!R;W=S



T0Q


M/3-$


T0Q


M


T0Q


2!C







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V



#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V,#LR.P@
C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

G!X.W!A


T1T

M=#IB;VQD.SY


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



M(')O=W-P86X]



979E;`S/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L







M


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\






M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH26X@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO



M971S(T@8V]M;6]D:71Y(&9U='5R97,@:6YS=')U;65N=',\+V9O;G0^/]D



M;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXX+#0Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^)B
X



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M)B
X



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




F4Z


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M:'0Z





38P.SPO










M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


CL\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR+#4V
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^







3!P=#L^-BPW-3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S@R
M


M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N






M/3-$



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ






M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


#
\+V9O


G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








3X\





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

#

M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]








M

'!T.SY0=6)L:6
@
M8F]N9'


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]




M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




M





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^







3!P=#L^*#

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1V



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-3@W/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT




M;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$




M=&@]



M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$










M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



Q-C`[
M
CDL(#(P
3

M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



#MP861D:6YG+71O


G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^3&5V96P@


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M



T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


G!X.W!A

6QE/3-$



M;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S@R


G!X.V)A


3!P


M93HQ





'!T.SXY-BPY
#(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US












M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


CPO




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXQ+#0Y



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^








3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B






T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B






M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE











3X\9&EV

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S@R




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXH
2PW
C@\



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M86X]






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






M







M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V








T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^








T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXI


M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A




G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R







M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


C0L





M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R



6QE/3-$=F5R

M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT







T1F;VYT+69A




M




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




T0G9F]N


M=VED=&@]

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M



T0Q



M;&4]



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ






#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M












F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X



T1F;VYT+69A

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P

T1V


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T








M/3-$



M(&EN(%9A;'5E(&]F($QE=F5L(#
@3&EA8FEL:71I97

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



G!X.R!R




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL





G!X





M9RUT;W`Z













M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV






3!P=#L^*#8X-BPT
S4\+V9O;G0^







M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



M

F4Z,3!P=#L^
M*#<P-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L




3X\





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M/3-$


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M

'!T.SXH-3`Y+#4P
M


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


BPP.3$\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXQ



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXQ
C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




3!P=#L^
30L-34Q



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

M;&4]

'!T.SXY+#$Y

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD




3!P=#L^*#$X


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXU
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I







G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^
M)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M




M

'!T.SXH-#(T+#8U
M

P
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P

M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-3@W/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M




3X\9&EV('-T




]

M;&4]

M;W`Z

@86YD
M(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(')E8V]R9&5D(&EN('1H92!#;VYS;VQI9&%T960@0F%L
M86YC92!3:&5E='

'!X.VQI

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A




M



T0Q



T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0W('-T


#`P

M


M;&4]


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\







M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




M

M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY&86ER/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^5F%L=64\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I






G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



P
#`P



M:'0Z

6QE


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



#MP861D:6YG+71O<#HR


G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD
M.SXH26X@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B
6QE/3-$

M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^






M/3-$







M











'!T.SXF(S@R





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M



'!T.SXF(S@R






T1F


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXY
M-BPY


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M/3-$




M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


T1F;VYT+69A






M













T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L





M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^
2PT.30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V










G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







M:'0Z





38P.SPO





'!T.SXF(S@R



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N











G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



M='

@:6YS=')U;65N='
\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O






T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^
BPU-C

M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M



M:'0Z





38P.SPO










M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B








3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^-BPW-3
\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M







M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^-RPR

M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^1&5R:79A



M;VTZ








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z












G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,2PW,C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^






T1F;VYT




G!X.R!R






M:'0Z







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXH
30L



M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M*#$T+#$P





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




M/3-$





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

















M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M


3!P


M93HQ



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-PU-C8\+V9O;G0^







M



'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXH.3$R+#(S
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



M
S4V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V-D9#5D8V9D7V-F


F9E9C

S(N



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C


M;CTS1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

C@L(#(P
30\

M06-C;W5N='


T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@
M5')A9&4@06-C;W5N='
@86YD($]T:&5R(%)E8V5I=F%B;&5S/]T9#X-B`@



M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ







T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A



M87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0X(')O
M=W-P86X]

T0Q


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




M


38P.S(X+`R,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M


Q
M-C`[
CDL(#(P
3

M;&4]






M;&4]



M

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

F4Z,3!P=#L^,S<Q
M+#(V.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L
M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M











M;&4]










'!T.SXU+#(U
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




2!C;VQS






M









M





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^



M

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^3F]T97





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXQ+#`X.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^3W1H



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^.2PP-3D\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXQ
2PP
#4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO









M:'0Z





P
#`P




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\






M


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXS.#
L



M
#`P

M



P
#`P



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^







3!P=#L^*#0L

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1V



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P


M




M(S`P
#`P

G!X.V)O






'!T.SXS-SDL

#`P

#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M861D:6YG/3-$







M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z




F9E9C





]

T1)1#!%



C@L
M(#(P






3(P)3MP





#L^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C96QL


M/3-$

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M8F]L9#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





M9RUT;W`Z







M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


V
RPT
S@\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

2!C






3X\

M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3X\

M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^
3DX+#8X
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M

G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[8F%C





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SY4;W1A;!C:&EC:V5N(&EN=F5N=&]R:65S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXX,#@L-34Y/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^0V]M;65R8VEA;!F965D+!T86)L

M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ



3!P=#L^-3



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXR-S







M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]



P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

#`P
#MP861D





3!P=#L^-SDP+#
P-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P


M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M



'!T.SXX
#@L.#

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



'0O:'1M;#L@




T0Q


#$T/&)R/CPO




3!P=#LG/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ







M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M



T0Q



T0Y)2!R




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M



M

M.'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M



T1V97)T


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]






M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ



M



#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV




M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L

M.SXH26X@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT




@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T








T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V






M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,#0L,C@V/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]



M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;VTZ










3!P=#L^
3`S+#$R
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X








3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXX
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO





'!T.SXU-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^1FEX960@:6YC;VUE('-E8W5R:71I97
\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B





B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXY-BPY,#(\+V9O;G0^/]D


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C9&0U9&-F9%]C9F5E7S0W
C-?
M83DW


T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M24Y!3D-)04P@24Y35%)5345.5%


]





]





@:7
@:6YC;'5D960@:6X@









M=#IA=71O.W=I9'1H.C$P



2!C



2!C;VQS


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

#LR.2P@
M
C`Q

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

6QE/3-$








#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L






\+V9O





38\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



M


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M/3-$



T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


BPV.#
\+V9O


G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








3X\


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M





M
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ,'!T.SXR+#4V,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C$L




M














G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT+#$T,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L







3(P

R!S

G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^



38P.R4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M



G!X.R!R









3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXH


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^0V]R;CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D








M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







M



B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ








M


M






3(P)3MT


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B]C9&0U9&-F9%]C9F5E7S0W
C-?83DW
5]B869E.#)F968S-38O5V]R:W-H



M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R

]


M

]



]




M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M/3-$



M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


2!C



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

Q-C`[3&EF93PO9F]N=#X\



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



P
#`P





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M;&4]







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED












M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A

#MP861D


M





38P.SPO9F]N


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F


#$S.CPO




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$=F5R

M;W`Z




3!P=#L^
R8C.#(Q
3LQ-3PO9F]N



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z









3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N





'!T.SXH
S$L

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T







G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXR
RPT-C

M;&4]










M:'0Z







G!X


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M




#`P




M



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





'!T.SXF(S@R



P
#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M93HQ

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


P
#`P
#`[8F%C




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


R+#4R-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B


G!X





38P.SPO


M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T:6-A




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^5')A9&4@;F%M97

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L


3!P=#L^
R8C.#(Q
3LQ-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M9G0Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#L^*#
R+#DP



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B







3!P=#L^-RPR-#



3X\

M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3X\


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T

M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


G!X.R!R;W=S





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^3F]N+6-O;7!E=&4@86=R965M

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T




#`P

M+6QE9G0Z



P
#`P


P
#`P


P
#`P




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC




M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M

7!X('-O






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O









M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P



#`P



3!P=#L^*#8T+#8V

P
#`P

M;W`Z

#`P



M;&4]




P
#`P




P
#`P

2!C;VQS






F9E9C





]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\




]






M





M96EG:'0Z

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X

M;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M


M=VED=&@Z.3DN-C`Y


2!C



2!C;VQS




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1F;VYT

C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




#`P

G!X.W!A

M


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I



M9G0Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#L^-C8L



G!X.R!R;W=S





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


#@V+#8Y
#PO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V





M









'!T.SXQ+#4S-RPR-#$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&4]

'!T.SXQ+#4P
M


M/3-$



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^075T;W






T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L




P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

P
#`P
M




P
#`P
#`[8F%C

M
#`P

2!C



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS



7!X


T1F


#
\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





'!T.SX\9F]N





#`P
#MB

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M

F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M

G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T




W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


3@R

P
#`P
#`[




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


3!P
M=#L^

M(S`P
#`P

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8V1D-61C9F1?8V9E95\T-S(S7V$Y-S%?8F%F
M93@R9F5F



M(&-O;G1E;G0]


M/3-$


251)15
@



]

]


]





@;V8@;&]N9RUT97)M(&1E8G0L(&-O;G-I


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL



M;VQL87!S93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0X(')O=W-P86X]

M
T0Q

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

T0Q






M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O



M/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R





M





M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^5')A9&4@86-C;W5N='
\+V9O;G0^










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXS
M
3
L




\+V9O;G0^

















'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXU+#`U.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




P
#`P




3!P=#L^
2PW
38\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ








B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS-S`L,S8P/]F;VYT



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





M







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


L.3

M93HQ








3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV


M




T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXW+#4U.#PO9F]N=#X\













M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B











#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SY$97)I=F%T:79E(&QI86)I;&ET:65S.CPO9F]N=#X\





M:'0Z





38P.SPO


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


SPO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B





M(&%C8W)U960@97AP96YS97







'!T.SXW.2PV.#$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.SXW

M




M960@97AP96YS97

\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC





#`P


3!P=#L^
S$Q+#@W



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P

P
#`P


M

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\9&EV





'!T.SXW
38L

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

T1F;VYT+69A


#M.;W1E(#$U+B!296QA=&5D



M-S(S7V$Y-S%?8F%F93@R9F5F

O4VAE970S.2YH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$





]
M

M97

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(X




]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@



3!P=#L^3&]N9RUT97)M(&1E8G0@8V]N


'!T.SX\9&EV('-T
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[;&EN92UH




3!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#IA


M-3@E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M




T0Q)2!R



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

P
#`P

M;W`Z

#`P









M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G=F5R


P
#`P



T1F

C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




#`P

G!X


#`P





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF


M;&4]



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH26X@=&AO=7-A
M;F1S*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M8V-R971E9!D:7-C;W5N=#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






3X\9&EV




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]




M/3-$



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXR




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M




G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\



3X\




G!X.R!R




3!P=#L^
C`Q
R!5+E


T1V





M93HQ


M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M)B
X



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


M;&4]

'!T.SXR
#$X


M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]












M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^4W5B;W)D:6YA=&5D($QO86X@


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT



P
#`P




#`P

M(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M


#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT+#,W-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R






C!P









M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^.3$R+#(S




M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH
M


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

T1F

'!T.SXH-#$P+#(S-#PO



S9P











M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


L

#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N











M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
30\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX@
M87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W





M

M/3-$

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



G!X

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US










M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ




G!X






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^


T1F

'!T.SXY
CPO9F]N=#X\



M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

F4Z,3!P=#L^5&]T86P@;6%T=7)I=&EE<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O









3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C9&0U9&-F9%]C9F5E7S0W,C-?83DW
M,5]B869E.#)F968S-38-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M8V1D-61C9F1?8V9E95\T-S(S7V$Y-S%?8F%F93@R9F5F

M='
O4VAE970T



^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@




]
T1T:#Y$96



]




M




M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

T1P861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




@3F5W(%)O


M9VAT.F%U=&\[=VED=&@Z.3DN-C`Y


3(@

T0Q)2!R;W=S



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M/3-$



M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


P
#`P


G!X


6QE
#MP861D:6YG


G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

C`Q


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M



T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR
#$R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^)B



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV







T1F;VYT+69A



M

'!T.SXY-3
L
#(W




M;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXT-CDL


G!X.V)A8VMG


3!P=#L^


M





'!T.SXV
BPS

M;&4]







G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^1F]R96EG;CPO




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXQ-#DL


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXQ



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXY

P
#`P


M/3-$


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N

P
#`P


G!X.V)A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXQ+#$P

M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE











M;&4@(S`P
#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^









M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


RPP-C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


]





'!T.SX\
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[




3!P=#MM87)G:6XM

W-24[



M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]
T0Q

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M


3
\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SY#=7)R96YT.CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV




M




3!P=#L^
C8R+#0P
SPO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



2!C;VQS



G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N










M;&4]








T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI





M

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M

M




P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L

#`P
#`P.W!A








F4Z,3!P=#L^
M5&]T86P@8W5R<F5N=#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^







3!P=#L^
CDL



P
#`P


3X\9&EV



G!X.R!R





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M



3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^1F5D97)A;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M



'!T.SXR.2PW

M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXR
BPY
C
\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXH



T1V97)T:6-A

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^
S$L
S
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^*#


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B





2!C



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A

M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC




M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

P
#`P




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3X\

M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




#`P

G!X.W!A

M





M:'0Z





38P.SPO



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P



7!X('-O;&ED








3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M



M/3-$







T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I













G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


]

]

T0G

3)P

M('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W

M93H\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[

M





3!P=#MM

M.3





3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ


30\+V9O




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F




M








P
#`P


3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXE/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M;&4]



T1V97)T

M




T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXR+C




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXR+C4\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY097)M86YE;G0@
M:71E;7







3!P=#L^
XT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M
3!P=#L^






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXH


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B





M





M:'0Z





38P.SPO


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V






'!T.SXH

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A




F4Z
3!P=#L^*#$N
#PO9F]N=#X\


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



G!X.R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


G!X.R!R;W=S





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

M


3!P


M93HQ





M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXH
3`N-#PO9F]N


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SY#:&%N9V4@:6X@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


G!X.R!R




M







M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

T0G=F5R=&EC




M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT






#`P
M






3!P=#L^


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





'!T.SXH



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^5&]T86P\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


U+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M;&4]


#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D



M



M
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I




P
#`P


M



G!X.R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXE/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@


M;'DZ5&EM97


M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

3!P=#L^


M

@87)E
M(&%S(&9O;&QO=W





M

E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C;VQS


T0Q


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M



T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\




M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH26X@=&AO
M=7-A;F1S*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS











T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V97)T


M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXQ
C8L-3

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$

M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C0X+#



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;&5F=#HQ


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P






M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M/3-$








3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ









M


M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M=#HQ


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^







T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


#



M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N






B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR-3$L-3DS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^





M




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^-RPX-S
\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXQ-2PT



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR+#DQ-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT
















M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


3`\+V9O



M93HQ





6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L





M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^
3(L
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T








3X\9&EV

T1V97)T:6-A














38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ
PR.3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


2!C









M;&4]

'!T.SY096YS




M
#`P

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A

M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^




M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M



M





38P.SPO9F]N


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



P
#`P
#`[

M(S`P
#`P



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O




3!P=#L^
M*#$P+#0P
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


G!X



3X\

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


P
#`P


3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


P
#`P

M/3-$








3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P





3X\9&EV



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





]
6QE/3-$;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z





M;W5N='

M


3X\+W1D/CPO

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M97(@
C@L(#(P

T1V97)T


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]


M;VTZ



M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I





T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B








3!P=#L^





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B




M/3-$


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY);F-R96%S92!A

B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^
C

M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T:6-A


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P


M



3!P=#L^*#8Q.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D











38P


F4Z,3!P=#L^*#<S-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO

P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



P
#`P


3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXQ-RPQ

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^


M8V9E95\T-S(S7V$Y-S%?8F%F93@R9F5F

O4VAE970T
M


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M4$5.4TE/3B!!3D0@3U1(15(@4$]35%)%5$E214U%3E0@0D5.149)5%
@*%1A



]

]
M

]

6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M







@9F]R









3!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#IA=71O.VUA


E(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86X]




P
#`P






M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT

M;VQD.SXR


P
#`P


G!X


6QE
#MP861D:6YG


G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M



T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR
#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP







'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

F4Z,3!P=#L^,3<P
M+#`S,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L
M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







G!X.W!A9&1I





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X



M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I






M






M




M








2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXH
C0L

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z



M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^






G!X






G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





2!C





M





38P.SPO9F]N


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ












#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SY#=7)T86EL;65N='
F4Z
M



'!T.SXH



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S@R






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXH


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

M;&4]

'!T.SXH
C$T




T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A












M93HQ

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P



3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#8U-SPO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[






'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P

M/3-$



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



T0Q


2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D





M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^)B






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M






M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)B

M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR,#$T/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






M
3



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1F;VYT

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L

M.SXH26X@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT


3X\9&EV


M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P










M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^06-T




M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V




@


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^
3








M







M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S






T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXH
3(L

F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I
M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N


M86X]






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








M:'0Z





P
#`P


P
#`P

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXH

M93HQ




P
#`P









#`P

M;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^
3$S
M+#4U

P
#`P
#`[




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


3!P
M=#L^
3`X+#0Y-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





P
M
#`P






G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ






M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


M



T0U

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#DE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M







F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R


M;&0[/E!E;G-I;VX@0F5N969I='

M;&4]


M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1F;VYT


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T

M


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED


30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


R!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR,#$T/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ


3
\

T1V97)T:6-A

F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D9U;F1E
M9!S=&%T=7






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T










M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




F4Z



M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






M/3-$





T1P
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

@


M9VEN+7)I9VAT.F%U=&\[=VED=&@Z


38@

T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M



2!C



2!C;VQS




P
#`P




F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E!E;G-I;VX@0F5N969I=',\
M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





\+V9O



P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I






G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M:'0Z8F]L9#L^
C`Q

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




M;&4]

M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D%M;W5N='






M;&4]






M







M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


3X\





G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXI



G!X.W!A

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D














M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P








M;&4]





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[







T1F;VYT+69A







B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I









M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXH
2PU

T0G=F5R=&EC



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M:60@(S`P
#`P




3!P=#L^


M



M;VTZ



M/3-$


#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR<'@[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

#`P
#MB86-K



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P














M


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


2PU
S0\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG














T1F;VYT


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



P
#`P

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I











M
T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M97


M;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.F%U=&\[=VED=&@Z


M

T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M



2!C





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z






M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M=W-P86X]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P
3

M;&4]



M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q






M;VQD.SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V

@870@







3!P=#L^


M


F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^-#






M;&4]


3!P=#L^


M

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M










M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


3X\








M

#MF





M=')E=&ER96UE;G0@8V]S='
@:6YC;'5D960@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!C;VUP

M


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3!P



M

M




3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M



T0Q



T0W)2!R




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q,2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q,2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


M3W1H97(@0F5N969I='




P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



F4Z
M.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P,30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\
M=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[<&%D9&EN9RUL969T

G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0S('-T


#`P

M

M=W-P86X]




P
#`P



G!X



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



C`Q
M

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L

M.SXR


M9RUT;W`Z








G!X.R!R




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M





G!X.W!A9&1I





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R




G!X


M








'!T.SXF(S@R





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S@R



G!X






3X\9&EV('-T




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^.PR-S(\+V9O;G0^/]D

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


3!P



B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXH-2PS.3

T1V97)T:6-A




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I





G!X.R!R





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R






M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


CL\


2!C



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^4V5T=&QE;65N=!L;W-S(AG86EN*3PO9F]N=#X\







M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V










M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]



'!T.SX\9F]N





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





M





P
#`P




#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M






M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


3!P=#L^)B
X
M



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



'!T.SX\9F]N








3X\9&EV







T1F;VYT+69A





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






P
#`P
#`[


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS+#4V,CPO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



#`P







M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P

M






'!T.SXR+#DR
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



P
#`P


M






M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P

G!X

#`P
M



T1F


#`P



F4Z

M

'!T.SXV
SPO9F]N

P
#`P
#`[8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



P
#`P

M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXX-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O



T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@16-O;F]M:6
@07-S=6UP=&EO
M;G


'!T

#MF;VYT








3(P)3MP


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


'!T.VUA

3`P)3MB


M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M



T0W



T0X)2!R




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM
















M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED


3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR,#$T/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ


3
\




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X



T1F;VYT+69A



M;VTZ



M/3-$

B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M

B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M





M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








G!X.R!R










M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D











38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I







T1F;VYT+69A



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


C(\



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@







M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


C(\+V9O;G0^








#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SY$:7-C;W5N=!R871E/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^








G!X






G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M9RUT;W`Z








M;VTZ








T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)3PO










G!X.R!R;W=S





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

M


3!P


M93HQ



G!X


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXU+C`Y/]F;VYT/CPO




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\





M

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N









T1F;VYT




G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SY.03PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L








M





M:'0Z





38P.SPO



G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


G!X.R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXW+C4P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY.



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I








M/3-$=&]P/E-C:&5D=6QE(&]F(%!L86X@07-S970@06QL;V-A=&EO;G
\+W1D



M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M



'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE(')E9FQE8W1S('1H92!P
M96YS:6]N('!L86YS)B
X
C$W.R!A8W1U86P@87-S970@86QL;V-A=&EO;G
Z

M

'!X.SX\=&%B


!S='EL93TS1=F


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$









3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X




M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z








G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV








M





G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





M:'0Z




6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.R!R;W=S








3!P


M93HQ

M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T

M







M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M


3!P

\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\

M

M





G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV





3X\





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



P
#`P

'!T.SX\9F]N







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V







3!P=#L^




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





F4Z

M;&4]

'!T.SXQ
#`\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I









M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXQ

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M;&4]

M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*&$I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

2!C


3(P)3MT97AT


X
C(P.U!307
F(S@R
C$[*2!A;F0@8V]M;6]N

@*8C.#(R,#M#0U1S)B,X,C(Q.RD@
M87)E('1W;R!O9B!T:&4@;6]S=!C;VUM;VX@='EP97
@;V8@86QT97)N871I
M=F4@=F5H:6-L97


M3V9T96X@=&EM97

M9G5N9'








]

]





M

'!T.SY$96-E;6)E




'!T.SY$




M=&@]

M:#TS1#8E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0Q-2!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B






G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[
F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


T1V97)T


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

CPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP

M9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XH8BD\+W-U



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1F;VYT





M:'0Z





38P.SPO




G!X.W!A9&1I




M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH26X@=&AO
M=7-A;F1S*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS


M;VTZ



M/3-$



M













M.#(Q


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



G!X

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L





M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


X



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S





M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY0



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M93HQ
F4Z
3!P




T1F;VYT







T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L

M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R



M;&4]







X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M.'!T.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;W`Z










M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

T1F

CL\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE










M86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#XH9BD\

M



'0M86QI



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M





B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


F4Z
M.'!T.SXQ+#<Q.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I
M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\






M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT







M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL





M86X]





T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O








M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V








T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^








T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



3(P)3MF


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M






M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q





3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B






T1F;VYT+69A




M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^


T1F;VYT+69A




M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^


T1F;VYT+69A




M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^
38L.3


T1F;VYT+69A




M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^
38L.3

M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@





3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

M

#PO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B













38P

M(S@R




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




3!P=#L^/'-U

X
C$R.SPO

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXS,2PU.3D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXS,2PU.3D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


'!T.SX\9F]N



P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.'!T.SXS,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


'!T.SX\9F]N








T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXQ,3,L-3$Y/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P



7!X



P
#`P


3X\9&EV






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P



P
#`P

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P


P
#`P


3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P











T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD





M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P







P
#`P
M




M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A



#`P



P
#`P



#`P





M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




@


T1W












T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]







M



3X\9&EV('-T


F4Z.'!T.SXH8RD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M,T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





M;&4]

M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*&0I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

2!C


3(P)3MT97AT





M861D:6YG/3-$

M;'DZ5&EM97





3X\








T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^


M:&5I9VAT.C$R


M(&]P=&EO;G

@;V8@


@;W(@;V9F:6-E(&]U='-I9&4@;V8@=&AE(%4N
M4RX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$

M;'DZ5&EM97





3X\






N/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@0F5N969I=!087EM96YT




@86YD(&EN('1H92!A9V=R96=A





L

@



'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT


M



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

M.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E!E;G-I;VX@0F5N969I='
\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I







M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




34\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






M/3-$



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]




M;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^
3(L.3
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M





3!P=#L^
3

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US











3!P=#L^









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




3@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXQ
2PW-CD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXQ

M







G!X.R!R




M/3-$













M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B




M/3-$


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P


G!X.V)A8VMG

#`P
M



T1F


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O



#`P




3!P=#L^
3$T+#$P
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P

P
#`P

2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P


G!X.V)A8VMG

#`P
M



T1F


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O



#`P




3!P=#L^
2PR-S8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^
M/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/'-P86X^/]S




M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




3(P)3MP


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


'!T.VUA

M




3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M



T0Q



T0V)2!R




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q,2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q,2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


M3W1H97(@0F5N969I='




P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



F4Z
M.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P,30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\
M=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[<&%D9&EN9RUL969T

G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0S('-T


#`P

M

M=W-P86X]




P
#`P



G!X



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



C`Q
M

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L

M.SXR


M9RUT;W`Z








G!X.R!R;W=S










T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


F4Z.7!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


M;VTZ




M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^-3,L,S8X/]F







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E





M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M.SXH

F4Z.7!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




T1V97)T


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O










M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


















M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

F4Z.7!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M86X]





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^0W5R=&%I;&UE;G0F(S$V
M
#MA;F0F(S$V



T1V




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M




CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


X
M



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


M







T1V97)T








M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



@*&=A:6XI



M+#8W



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

C0L

M;&4]






M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.7!T.SXR-PX-S(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT









T0R






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL










G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


3$L



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M.#(Q


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M(S@R


G!X.W!A







@*&=A:6XI




RPY



M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




P
#`P

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P

M




#`P

#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



P
#`P


3X\


#`P
#MP


M
F4Z.7!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#L^-3
L

M
#`P

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^




P
#`P
M




#`P



F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#$R-SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P




#`P


M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




P
#`P
#`[)R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI

M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS




P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P




M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C9&0U9&-F9%]C9F5E7S0W
C-?83DW
5]B

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



]

]


]

\



M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1F

'!T.SXR

M

M


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3!P



M

M




3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M



T0Q



T0W)2!R




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


#`P
M




T1T97AT+6%L

M.SXR

M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR,#$S/]F;VYT

P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC






T0S('-T


#`P

M

M=W-P86X]





M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E

;W-S97
@


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T


@;VX@079A:6QA8FQE


M;&4]



M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\





M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



G!X.R!R;W=S






M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






M



M





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M


3!P


M93HQ



M;W`Z

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\







M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






G!X.W!A





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M/3-$





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M+6QE9G0Z


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O







M







M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I









3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.SXS

T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXH

F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I
M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B







M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





C!P








M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[86-C=6UU;&%T960@;W1H97(@8V]M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH
M


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

T1F

'!T.SXH


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ+#`P
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

M;VTZ



3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ



3!P=#L^
2PP

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]






M;W`Z


M






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ








M


P
#`P




M
3!P=#L^*#$V+#@P-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V


G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR
BPW

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





P
M
#`P





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^0F%L86YC92P@96YD

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M


P
#`P









#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N







3!P


M93HQ

M
#`P

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P






T1F;VYT+69A









W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


G!X.V)O







#`P




#`P












M


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD


3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





P
#`P



M965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P


T1F

'!T.SXH-#4L-S

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M97


M


3X\+W1D/CQT





M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^06QL(&%M;W5N=',@
M87)E(&YE=!O9B!T87@N($%M;W5N='

@:6YD:6-A


]


M97


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

S4E(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M



2!C


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T0S

M



@

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M





P
#`P


G!X.W!A


6QE/3-$
#MP861D:6YG+71O


G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^
C`Q




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M93HQ

T1V


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X


M
3!P=#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





T1V97)T:6-A







R!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


'!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^56YI;VX@







M





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^*#



M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L






M.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^3&5G


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


P
#`P




3!P=#L^*#DV-3PO






3!P=#L^


M

M9VAT.C$R


M;VTZ



M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS











T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^*#$L



M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





#`P

G!X


M



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
M





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B










#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


Q-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P






M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P






3!P=#L^*#$L

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


@3F5W(%)O


T1W:61T:#HT





M;&4]




3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

2!C


3(P)3MF;VYT
6QE/3-$9F]N


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M





M=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I



M/3-$




T1V97)T:6-A












X
C(P.TQE

F(S@R
C$[*2X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T
M9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T1W:61T:#HT.'!X





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



@87)E(&EN8VQU9&5D


M;W-T+B!3964@)B
X
C(P.TYO=&4F(S$V
#LQ

M97(@4&]S=')E=&ER96UE;G0@0F5N969I='
F(S@R
C$[('1O('1H92!#;VYS
M;VQI9&%T960@1FEN86YC:6%L(%-T871E;65N='


]


M;'DZ5&EM97


M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R






M


M/3-$



M



3X\



M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


M0V%S:!$:79I9&5N9#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M


M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


G!X.W!A9&1I

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


G!X.R!R





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

M

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M




M86X]






3!P=#L^

#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M



M




G!X




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




'!T.SX\9F]N








3X\9&EV





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^-SDP+#
P-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L

#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O


M;&5F=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^*#




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXQ+#4W-BPW

T1V97)T





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M






M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^3W1H97(\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







#`P
M



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


P
#`P


P
#`P



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O


3X\

M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3X\












3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


#0L

#`P

















G!X.W!A





'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C







G!X


M:6=H=#HR


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

R!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!X.V9O;G0M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^

F4Z,3!P
M=#L^5&]T86P@8W5R<F5N=!L:6%B:6QI=&EE<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M/3-$



M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


CL\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T









M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY







B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M93HQ




T1V97)T

M/3-$












M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M-S8L




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V





M




\+V9O;G0^











M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




F(S@R






'!T.SXR+#$Y-BPX
#$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





#`P

G!X


M


M

P
#`P
#`[



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT


#$\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



2!C;VQS





6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG








2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,S`T+#`P,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O









M93HQ

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^
BPX
34L

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R







F9E9C
U-@T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)


]



]



3MT97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#HT.'!X.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,G!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ






M:#HY.2XV

M:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

3X\



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M




3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D


#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]



M




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY96YE9FET(%!L86X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$





M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ






#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

M=#IB;VQD.SY697-T:6YG($-O;F1I=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY697-T:6YG($1A=&4\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I









M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B






M/3-$









G!X.R!R;W=S



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXQ,#`L,#`P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X



C`Q
3PO




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T









3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A







M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q





M;VTZ







G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B







G!X.R!R;W=S



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

F4Z.'!T.SXE/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^4E-5/]F;VYT/CPO


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





M:'0Z





38P.SPO


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


38P.S0L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





6QE


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


38P.S
Q+`R,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


F4Z.'!T.SXE/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^4W1O8VL\+V9O;G0^/]D


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C








#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


34L
#`P









G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



Q-C`[
C0L(#(P
34\




G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


6QE/3-$



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


#`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



#LR-2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\





M:'0Z




M








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M








M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT






M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^4E-5/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T






M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\





M:'0Z





38P.SPO

#8L
M.3









G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
M



M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





6QE



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




Q-C`[
3DL(#(P
30\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\








M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


38P.S
Q+`R,#$V/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M.'!T.SXQ





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



T1T;W`^






M



2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M.F)O;&0[/C(P

M;&4]



T1V97)T



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY3:&%R92UB87-E








G!X.W!A9&1I











2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


V
3PO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M/3-$



M/3-$


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F




S

T0G=F5R=&EC







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P=#L^


M

T0G=F5R=&EC







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]








W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]











38P

P
#`P


M



T1F


#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I


3!P=#L^)B



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R
F4Z
3!P=#L^
M)B




M



G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#L^
2PS

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O






M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]






]


M:7





M:6YG/3-$


M/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



C`Q

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L

M.SXR

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

M.F)O;&0[/C(P

M;&4]



M
#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I






G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

M;W1T;VTZ





M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI







M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY.=6UB97(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


R!S='EL


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1F;VYT








M86QU97


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V








T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T1V








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M










3!P=#L^














T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;W1T;VTZ




M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



G!X





M9RUT;W`Z



3!P=#L^-RXQ






M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




P
#`P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




M;VTZ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


#`\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


P
#`P
#`[)R!R




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P


3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P

M








3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY/





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O


3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P



M(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N


M

!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB86-K9W)O


3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z









3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I






M





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@



3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z


M9&5N.VAE:6=H=#HR


38P.SPO

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V








T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^







T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V97)T





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


T1F

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA









3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C









3X\



3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N





'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


SPO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A




F4Z



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M


M;W1T;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


CL\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL










3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





3)P










G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-S(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^





M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&4]

'!T.SXQ

M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N





P
#`P
#`[)R!R




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO

P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P











M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P







M;&4@(S`P
#`P

G!X







#`P

#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




P
#`P


3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


CL\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B]C9&0U9&-F9%]C9F5E7S0W
C-?83DW
5]B869E.#)F968S-38O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M




C@L
M(#(P





#L^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C96QL


T0V


M



2!C


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


2!C;VQS



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


M;&0[/C(P

T1V97)T:6-A


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




M




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
2!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH26X@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I









G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SY
971T97(@;V8@8W)E9&ET(&9E97
\+V9O;G0^


M

M9VAT.C$R





F4Z,3!P=#L^,2PS,SD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y
M;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







M




3!P=#L^
BPQ-38\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T






F4Z,3!P=#L^,2PS,SD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M,T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








M






M=#HQ

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]







G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#IB;VQD.SY*0E
@55-!+!,3$,Z/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M





38P


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXX


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$





M92UH96EG:'0Z






T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


#PO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O


M;&5F=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

T1P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ





M;&4]

'!T.SXS.2PV


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N





'!T.SXV
2PY-#(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXR
M


G!X






M.#(Q-SMS(&]N(&)E:&%L9B!O9B!*0E


M;VTZ







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB
M;VQD.SY*0E

=&1A+CH\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V








T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V




38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L






M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#MF;VYT

M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#M0=7)C:&%S97
@9G)O;2!396%R82!);G1E

M





3!P=#L^

M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S@R

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^)B
X


M4R!#:&EL92!

M1#

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O




G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N





M





38P


R!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M86X]






3!P=#L^

M93HQ



T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^)B
X


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P








T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O

T1F






M86YY('1O(')E='5R;B!C87-H(&ET(&AE;&0@87
@8V]L;&%T97)A;!A9V%I
M;G-T('!O=&5N=&EA;!L:6%B:6QI='D@8VQA:6US+B!792!A9W)E960@=&\@

F4Z.'!T.SX@9F]R('!O=&5N=&EA;!D<F%W<R!U<&]N('1H97-E



@=V4@=V]U;&0@:&%V92!O=&AE



@;V8@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q-P@=&AE($-O;7!A
M;GD@:&%S(&%C8W)U960@86X@;V)L:6=A=&EO;B!O9B`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


M+C$@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN
M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^('1O(')E:6UB=7)S92!*0E
@55-!(&9O






4[9F]N
M=US:7IE.CAP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH















M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z
'!X.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N
M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*&



#LQ.2P@
C`Q
M


M8VEA=&5D('=I=&@@2D)3(%5302P@3$Q#)W





M



M=&EV92!C;W)P;W)A=&4@=&5A;7

2!O;B!B96AA;&8@;V8@2D)3(%5302P@3$Q#('=I

3$
N(%1H:7
@86=R965M

@;VX@36%Y(#4L(#(P

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A
6QE









3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'






T1T;W`^4V-H961U
M;&4@;V8@1G5T=7)E($UI;FEM=6T@4&%Y;65N='

M97


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY4




T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X

M;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M


M=VED=&@Z.3DN-C`Y


M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C;VQS


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C(P






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M;W`Z




SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^

M/3-$











G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

F4Z,3!P=#L^
M.PQ.3<\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ






M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ


P
M
#`P







M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

M/3-$



P
#`P


3X\

C-?83DW
5]B






M;VYG/D)54TE.15-3(%-%1TU%3E0@04Y$($=%3T=205!(24
@4D503U)424Y'



#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R

]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V-H961U
M;&4@;V8@3F5T(%-A;&5S(&%N9!



@8GD@8W5S=&]M97(@;&]C


3(P)3MP861D


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



M;BUL969T.F%U=&\[;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.F%U=&\[=VED=&@Z.3DN-C`Y


3

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P
3

M



#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY.970@







M





38P


R!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

R!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



2!C;VQS


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







M/3-$




3!P=#L^-BPX
38L
M









T1F








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M=#HQ


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT









M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]












B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXS
M




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^
C8R+#0U




G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXX



M














G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,3$L,S`U/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


X+#@P.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


W-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B










M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B








M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B











3!P


M93HQ


M86X]


#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#8T,CPO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



P
#`P

P
#`P




#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^






L
S8U

#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^

F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS<'@@9&]U8FQE








'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M



3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXX+#$R,2PS.#(\+V9O;G0^/]D










M=#IA=71O.W=I9'1H.CDY+C8P.3




M/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M



M
#L@<F]W





P
#`P








M



F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^





M;W`Z


M93HQ

M='




T1V






G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M





M





M97


'!T.SX\9F]N








M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#8V+#DV



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M

G!X

M/3-$

P
#`P


P
M
#`P




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R;W=S




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R;W=S








M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P



7!X('-O



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C$L
34Q+#@Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








M9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






@:6X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H($%3
M0R`R.#`M


M='
L(&%S('5S960@:6X@05-#(#(X
TQ,TU



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@
M4V%L97,@8GD@4')O9'5C=!

3MT
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#HT.'!X.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



M




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M





M.2XV

M.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

3X\+W1D

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



C`Q-#PO


M;'-P86X]


#`P




M




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M
T0Q

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V








T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


X.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M;W1T;VTZ




M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;VTZ










3!P=#L^
BPR
SDL
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


3(S+#`X-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



M;'-P86X]


#`P



M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



P
#`P

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
M








#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SY4;W1A;!5+E,N(&-H:6-K96X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^







M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^-BPX.#4L





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\


M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXX-C0L-#4T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXX+#`Q
2PX

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$

M;&4]







G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


M9'5C='


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]








M

'!T.SY5+E



'!T.SX\9F]N








3X\9&EV





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^-C`X+#8Q.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



T0R


#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C
U+#DV.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T




#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O


M;&5F=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


T1T


2PU-#$\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M



P
#`P
#`[8F%C

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N


P
#`P
#`[





M















M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P





M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P




3!P=#L^


M

#`P
M





3!P=#L^.PQ,C$L,S@R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV




M95\T-S(S7V$Y-S%?8F%F93@R9F5F
S4V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T


F9E9C
U


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V


$5-13X-B`@(`@


]



]




M
T0S

M



T0Q



T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$


T0G=F5R


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#


M;VTZ


P
#`P



M:'0Z


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




M





38P.SPO9F]N





M/B8C

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M
BPP
3@L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



T1F

'!T.SXR+#$X-BPX



2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

2!C




M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M




M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M






M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M






3X\







#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXR
34L
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M





3!P=#L^



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXS-SDL

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;W`Z


3!P=#MB
M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-F9F9F9F8[/C$L
SDS+#DY-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I










T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^
3DP+#
V
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


2PV-#@\


2!C



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY.




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^




T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L




G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M





3!P=#L^
XV-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


R!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.R8C
38P.R8C


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






3!P=#L^
XS.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I










M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^.3$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT





M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O



#L^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C96QL


T0S

T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M



2!C



2!C;VQS


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M

7!X('-O


P
#`P






M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ





G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#L^
BPP








T1F;VYT+69A



M







M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


30R+#@Q-CPO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXX+#0Q

M







G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


BPU

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXR





M





3!P=#L^



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1F;VYT






3!P
M=#L^)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K:&]L9&5R


B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ




M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ



M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M

'!T.SXU-#DL-34U



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C


3!P=#L^






3X\



3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXP+C4U/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]







M

'!T.SY.=6UB97(@


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N





M/3-$






M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M






M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T
M9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$

#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L







M92UH96EG:'0Z




M

M;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[
M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^+B`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B
M;&4^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M9'1H/3-$
S`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$




M



M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M




T0Q)2!R



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$






#`P

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[

C`Q
CPO9F]N


M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E


M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L


T1V97)T:6-A


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




M



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY996%R/]F;VYT/CPO









38P



3X\9&EV






M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





M9G0Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X


M
3!P=#L^







T1F;VYT



M;&4]

'!T.SXR+#`V






M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3@Y+#8V
CPO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








3!P=#L^.PQ,C$L,S@R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


'!T.SX\9F]N


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^
3$P+#`V-3PO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ
#8L
3
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M;'-P86X]






6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M





3!P=#L^-#
U+#@S




I(&%T=')I
M8G5T86)L92!T;R!04$


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


U-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


T1V97)T





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^




6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^








M

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N












M


M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


W
M


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIJ=7-T:69Y.V9O;G0M









]


24-)15
@*$1E=&%I;'
I
M(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G



]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]
T1T97AT

]

\






]

M=6UB97(@;V8@8FER9'


#`L












]
T1N=6UP/C



]






@

]



T1T;W`^/'-T

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]
T1T97AT/C







]




]


]



]

]



]







]
T1T97AT


T1T



M


]







]



]

]


]



]


]




M='




]



]


]



]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]
T1R


]
M


]


]



]




]


]


]




]
T1R93X-

]
T1R



]


T1T;W`^36%X:6UU;2!;365M8F5R72!\(%1R861E(&YA;65S









]


\



]
T1R


]
M







]


]

]
T1P


]



M=&5X=#XS


]

]
T1P

]



]


M
S







]



]








F9E9C





]

T1)1#!%




@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I9FEE


]
T1T:#Y$96

CDL(#(P
M
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S


T1T;W`^/'-T

R!


]



T1T;W`^0F]R


]
M



3`L
C




T1T;W`^3&5V96P@
M

@86YD(%)E=F]L=F5R(%M-96UB97)=





M;F=E(&EN(%9A;'5E(&]F($QE=F5L(#
@3&EA8FEL:71I97

]

]
T1N



]

]




T1T;W`^4&%Y;65N='
\+W1D/@T*


#DQ/'-P86X^





]
T1N=6UP/CDL






]
M









M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W




]










]

M='




]


]


]


]

]
T1N






@8F]N9'

M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U-3(L-3DR*3QS


T1T;W`^


]




]


]

]


]


]









]
M

]




M96%S=7)E;65N='







]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
C$T







]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@



]



T1T;W`^1&5R:79A


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
M




M='


]










]








]
T1N
M=6T^*#4U






M;V)L:6=A=&EO;G








M97












]


M;F0@3&EA8FEL:71I97















@365A













M96%S=7)E;65N='


]










]





]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@










]



]

]







@6TQI


]


]

]
T1P





]









M1&YU;7`^


M9VX]



]


]


]

@86YD($QI








M8FEL:71I97

]
M





M97





@:6X@879A:6QA



]




]




M='


]


]





]


]

]
T1P


M($9U='5R97
@26YS=')U;65N='


]




]




M;&EA8FEL:71I97



M72!\($QE=F5L(#


]


]


]

@86YD($QI











]





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



]



T1T;W`^1&5R:79A


]
T1N=6UP/C`\





]

MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

S4V
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V-D9#5D8V9D7V-F965?


F9E9C









M5D%

@;V8@1FEN86YC:6%L($%S

I(A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$(0I/&)R/DEN


#$T

]
T1R


@6TQI;F4@271E


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M

\


]
M

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T+#(T

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y
3(L
C
S

]










M86QE('-E8W5R:71I97

]




]

]



@6TQI;F4@


]


]








]
T1R

]
T1N













]


]

]


Y

]


30L



]







M8FEL:71I97



]



]

M;VYS(%M


BPU-C



]












M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

S4V#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

U]A

F9E9C




^


M1$E$



544@



#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R

L($YO




@:&5L



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C9&0U9&-F9%]C9F5E
M7S0W
C-?83DW



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


M12!!0T-/54Y44R!!3D0@3U1(15(@4D5#14E604)
15
@*$1E=&%I;'

M8RX@
C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q

]



]


]
T1N=6UP/C4L







]






]


]
T1N=6UP/C

L

M=6)T9G5L(&%C8V]U;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M






;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C9&0U9&-F9%]C9F5E7S0W
C-?83DW
5]B869E.#)F968S



]





]
T1T:#Y$
M96



]



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-SDP+#
P

M86QI9VX]

:79E($-H:6-K96X@
M86YD($AE;G

]
T1T

]






L-#
X

M
S8X+#4X

]


]

3DX+#8X



]





]


]

]


C
L
M.3



:6YE



]

]






]


]

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@-3



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C9&0U9&-F9%]C9F5E7S0W
M
C-?83DW



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W




]
T1T:#Y$96

CDL(#(P
3
\8G(^



@6TQI;F4@


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PP
#`L



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

3D\










#0L
C@V+#`P



]
T1N=6UP/C$P
RPQ
C$L
#`P


















]
T1N=6UP
M/C4V+#`P

]

]






]
T1T97AT/CQS

]




]

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@



M
S4V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V-D9#5D8V9D7V-F


F9E9C




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C




M4DE6051)5D4@1DE.04Y#24%
($E.4U1254U%3E13(A.87)R871I=F4I(A$

@;W1H97)W


]
T1T:#Y$
M96

M/D1E8RX@
CDL(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`S


M9VX]










F9E9C
U-@T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)
M1#!%





M9VX]


]



]


]
T1N
M=6UP/B`R-2PR



]

]




]
T1T97AT

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV97,@0V]V97)A9V4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1N=6T^*#@N

]





]

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV97,@0V]V97)A9V4\+W1D/@T*(`@

]





\


]
M




]





M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8V1D-61C9F1?8V9E95\T-S(S7V$Y-S%?8F%F
M93@R9F5F

O4VAE970U-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



]



#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@



]


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3W)I9VEN86P@0V]S=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C




]




]
T1N=6UP/C



]

]






]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP/C0P+#$T
M


M9VX]

BPY

S$L




M
T1T;W`^5')A9&4@;F%M97

]


I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XS



]
T1P





:6YE($ET



]

M:7!S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\



:6YE


]


]
M



]
T1R974^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

]
T1N=6UP/C$Y+#4T



T1T;W`^3F]N






]



]



]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C
P
M


M

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S







T1T;W`^3F]N+6-O;7!E


]


]






]





:6YE($ET



]






]


^

M
C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`R.2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R



]







]

]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP

]
T1T

]

]


]



]


]


]

]
T1P

]


]







]


]
T1T:#Y$96

CDL(#(P
3
\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S









M(#$S-BPT
#`L


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3
Q+#4P

]
T1R


]
T1N=6UP/C(Y+#0P


]


2PT
#`L

BPT
#`L



T1T;W`^17AP





M










#`\










M(#$L-#$Y+#`P

M9F1?8V9E95\T-S(S7V$Y-S%?8F%F93@R9F5F

O4VAE
M970V








]
T1T:#Y$
M96




\


#



]






]
T1R

]



T1T;W`^/'-T

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]
T1R:#X-




:6YE($ET


\+W1D/@T*

]
T1N=6UP/C$L


]


]



]


]


]






]





]






]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@




M(%M



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M=%]C9&0U9&-F9%]C9F5E7S0W
C-?83DW






L('5N

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@




M=&]P/E1R861E(&%C8V]U;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

T-RPQ


Q



















M
C

M1&YU;7`^

]
T1P




]





]

]
T1P








]









]



]


T1T;W`^3W!T


M8FEL:71I97


M=%]C9&0U9&-F9%]C9F5E7S0W
C-?83DW









T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@





@16YD

SX\

3X\+W1H

3X\+W1H/@T*


3X\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@






T0Q/C$R

M86X]

T0Q

M;'-P86X]
T0Q/C`@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L

^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S


]


]

]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(X+`R,#$T/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@




CDL
M(#(P
3
\8G(^4V5N:6]R($YO=&5S(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`Q-2P@
C`Q-#QB



]
M
T1T:#Y$96

34L(#(P
30\8G(^4V5N



M($YO=&5S(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@



]
T1T:#Y$96


@55-!(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S

]

#`Y/&)R/C(P
3
@55
@0W)E9&ET($9A
M8VEL:71Y(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^075G+B`P-RP@
C`Q

#$S(%53($-R961I


]

C@L
M(#(P
30\8G(^
C`Q


]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(Y+`R,#$S/&)R/C(P,3,@55,@0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL:71Y
M(%)E=F]L=F5R(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@


3
\
M8G(^
C`Q
R!54R!
:6YE($]F($-R961I=!3=6)L:6UI=!3=VEN9VQI;F4@
M3&]A;G


]
T1T:#Y$96


971T97)S($]F($-R


]
T1T:#Y$96

#$S/&)R/C(P
3
@55
@0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL

]
T1T:#Y$96

#$S/&)R/C(P
3
@55


]
T1T:#Y$96

M/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L
M+B`R
RP@

;V%N($-O;6UI=&UE;G0@56YD97(@365X:6-O($-R



M8RX@
C@L(#(P


@6TUE

M
2P@

34@
M55
@0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL:71Y(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1F5B+B`Q
2P@

M=6)S97%U96YT($5V96YT(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/C(P
34@55
@0W)E9&ET($9A
M8VEL:71Y(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1F5B+B`Q
2P@

M96YT(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/C(P
34@55
@0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL:71Y(%M-96UB

M/D9E8BX@
3$L(#(P






3$L(#(P
M

#$U(%53($-R


3$L(#(P



M87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`R.2P@


M;75M(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/C(P
34@55
@0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL:71Y(%M-96UB

24)/4BD@

M+B`R.2P@


M/&)R/C(P
34@55
@0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL:71Y(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/D%L=&5R


]

:6YE








]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C`T+#DP


























]
T1N=6UP/C@N
S@E/'-P86X^

R4\






















]
T1N
M=6UP/CDN




























3`S+CDT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T






]
T1N



#`L











#`L




]


#4L
C$Y
M+#`P


]

#`L
#`P/'-P86X^











































]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]




]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C(L
C`P+#`P


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


#`L
#`P+#`P


]





#`L
#`P+#`P


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C4V


]


]


]


]


M
#`L

M1&YU;7`^
C4L
#`P+#`P


#`L
#`P/'-P86X^

3(U+#`P
M


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C0P


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


#`L
#`P




















M
2PP
#`L
#`P+#`P


]


]


]


]


]


]




]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$N
















]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

#`L




















]


]


]


]


]


]



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]




]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C4P+#`P

]
M


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]














































]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
M-3`P+#`P


]

























#`L
#`P+#`P


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]







]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$N


]
T1N=6UP/C$N-S4E


]


]


]


]


]


]


]




]
T1N=6UP/C@W+#`P


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

M86QI9VX]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PW
#`L

MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C9&0U9&-F9%]C9F5E7S0W
M
C-?83DW


T0G




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@



]
T1T:#Y$96
N


]



M





]
T1N=6T^*#0Q



@



#$L.3DY+#`P



]

]
T1R;SX-






]
T1R

#QS

2!
M;V%N(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\







]
M


M97)M($(M
B!
;V%N(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S












]
T1N=6UP/C(P-2PR
3DL





]
T1T97AT



M9VX]



]




T1T;W`^4W5B;W)D:6YA=&5D($QO86X@6TUE

]


]



]



M5&5R;2!$96)T(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$





]

]
T1N=6UP/C0L
M
C0R+#`P





]

]
T1P





]

]







]


]
M



]
T1T


I(A54T0@)D\8G(^

C@L(#(P
M








T1T;W`^
C`Q-CPO=&0^


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]
T1N=6UP/C







]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B]C9&0U9&-F9%]C9F5E7S0W
C-?83DW
5]B869E.#)F968S-38O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


@*%-C:&5D=6QE(&]F($EN8V]M

@0F5F;W)E($EN

I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@5&AO=7-A;F1S



#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S,P@
C`Q


]


N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

RPP


S


]

30Y+#



M


]



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C9&0U9&-F9%]C9F5E7S0W
C-?83DW
M

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J



@

@;W1H97)W


]
T1T:#Y$
M96

M/D1E8RX@
CDL(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`S


M9VX]


]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C(R+#@V-SQS

]
T1N
M=6UP/CDL



]
T1N=6UP/C













BPY
C


2PS



]
T1N


]





T1T;W`^



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#(P+#DX

;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C9&0U9&-F9%]C9F5E7S0W
C-?83DW
5]B869E.#)F



]


@*%-C:&5D=6QE

]


C`Q-#QB

#$S

]
T1R


]



]
T1N=6UP/C
U


]
T1N=6UP/C

]
M

BXV


]
T1N=6UP/C(N-3`E/'-P86X^

M86YE;G0@:71E;7


]
T1P

BXT
4I/'-P86X^/]S





]
T1N=6T^*#$N



T1T;W`^5&%X
M(&-R961I='

M1&YU;3XH
BXS




]






M1&YU;7`^






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]C9&0U9&-F9%]C9F5E7S0W
C-?83DW
5]B869E.#)F968S-38O




]



@*%-C:&5D=6QE(&]F($1E




#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



T1T;W`^26YV
M96YT;W)I97

]
T1N=6UP

]


]
T1R93X-



M9VX]


]
T1R974^#0H@(`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP


Z

]
M







]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C0L
C8Q



]


]







M1&YU;7`^


3`L





C8L

C`L

]

M1&YU;7`^


]

]
T1N=6T^*#DL





]
T1N=6UP/C(T



M+#$W




F9E9C
U-@T*



]

M:60]

I


CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*


]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(Y+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@



]



T1T;W`^56YR96-O
!B96YE9FET<RP@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&]F('EE87(\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA<W
]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
M

@=&%K96X@9'5R


]

]
T1P

]


















]

B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@



]
T1T:#Y$96
N

M8RX@
S`L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M1&5C+B`R-BP@
C`Q

#`Y/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@










]
T1N














#`L





]


]









T1T;W`^4F5F

3(R+#8P

]
M




#`L



3@L-#`P
M+#`P

]
T1T

]


]
T1N=6UP/C$W+#$Q-RPP


L
M





]


]


T1T;W`^3&EA8FEL:71Y(&9O

#`L

















]


]



T1T;W`^5F%L=6%T:6]N



]


]












#`\







C4L.3`P+#`P


]


]



]


#$U/'-P86X^







@


]


]


T1T;W`^3F5T(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L;W-S(&-A




]


]


]




#QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


M9F1?8V9E95\T-S(S7V$Y-S%?8F%F93@R9F5F
S4V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T


M
F9E9C


^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5:54)'

M/3-$


M4U12151)4D5-14Y4($)%3D5&2513(A.87)R871I=F4I(A$971A:6QS*2`H

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]



C`Q

]







]



]
T1N=6UP/C$W


#`L
M




]
T1T97AT


T1T


#`P










]


]


]


]





M1&YU;7`^


]


]


]

]
M





M-BXP


]

]


]



]






@9'5R:6YG(#(P
34\

]



T1T;W`^3W1H
M97(@0F5N969I='

]
M


M9VX]

@86YD($]T

@6TQI;F4@271E;7-=

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`P+#`P


]


]

@

]



T1T;W`^/'-T








]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@












S`N
#`E/'-P86X^









]



T1T;W`^5&%R9V5T('!L
M86X@87-S970@86QL;V-A=&EO;G


]


T1T;W`^17%U:71Y('-E8W5R:71I97

]


]



]







;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C9&0U9&-F9%]C9F5E7S0W
C-?83DW
5]B869E.#)F968S



]

M25)%345.5!14Y%1DE44R`H4V-H961U;&4@;V8@1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET
M(%!L86X@3V)L:6=A=&EO;G


M86X]

]
T1T:#Y$96

CDL(#(P
3
\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S

]
T1T:#Y$96



]


]


]

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
3$S+#4U


]






]

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C@L
M







34I/'-P86X^











]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4')O:F5C=&5D(&)E
M;F5F:70@;V)L:6=A=&EO;BP@96YD(&]F('EE87(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]
T1N=6UP/C$Y


]


]


M='
L(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!Y96%R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S









]
T1T


M






]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]


]


]



]

]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]

]
M


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y+#
W

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y+#$T-BD\





]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V
2PU
S0I







]
T1R93X-



]


]
T1N=6UP/C


]

]


]



T1T;W`^/'-T


]


]


]

]

2PY
S






]

@*&=A:6YS*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT





]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0W5R=&%I;&UE;G1S(&%N9!S

]
T1N=6T^


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L-S`U





]


]


]


]






]


]

M1&YU;7`^








]











]






]
M


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q



]


]

M;3XH
2PU



]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5C;V=N:7IE9!L:6%B:6QI='D\+W1D/@T*

]


]


]








]


M9F5F
S4V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V-D9#5D8V9D


F9E9C

M-S



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\

$55








]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]

]
T1N=6UP/C@L


CQS

]




@*&=A:6XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M




]
T1N=6UP/C$L

]

]


RPU-C(\

M+#DR

]


]


]

]
M





]
M





]


]





]




]
T1P






]
T1N=6UP/B0@



F9E9C





]

T1)1#!%

M4B!03U-44D5425)%345.5!14Y%1DE44R`H4V-H961U;&4@;V8@16-O;F]M
M:6
@07-S=6UP=&EO;G

]




]

]


]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C0N






]



T1T;W`^1&ES8V]U



RXP

]

M1&YU;7`^-BXP


]





]
















;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C9&0U9&-F9%]C9F5E7S0W
C-?83DW
M

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J







M969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M
:6YE($ET96US73PO



M







]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C`N
M












]

@9G5N9'
@6TUE

]


]




]
T1N=6UP/C8P

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^1FEX960@:6YC;VUE('-E8W5R:71I97



]



M:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M





\+W1D










]

]
M



U]A

F9E9C






]





I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@5&AO=7-A

C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q



]


M='

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^3&5V96P@,2!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C




]
T1T97AT

]

S




]



]




\+W1D





M;'5E(&]F('!L86X@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

M1&YU;7`^

]




]



]

S













T1T;W`^


]


]




M



]




]
T1N=6UP















]

]
T1P







]
T1T

]









M3&5V96P@



]





]
M








]
M



]


]



]
T1R




]



]

CDL.38T/'-P86X^

C@L-S@T


87)G92!5+E


@6TUE

]


]







]



@

@6TQI;F4@


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L






]

]
M




\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


M9G5N9'



]

:6YE($ET


]
T1N=6UP/C$L

@












]

]
M

M:7)E;65N=!96YE9FET(%!L86YS(%M








]
M


M9VX]

@86YD($]T

@6TQI;F4@271E;7-=

]
M


]



@9G5N9'
@6TUE;6)E







M86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('!L86X@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L

]

N(&5Q=6ET




]



]











]






M9VX]









M

]



]
T1R93X-

M=!96YE9FET(%!L86YS(%M





]
T1N=6UP/C(L
M



]




M9SY$969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;G

M96YT($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;G




]

]









]
M


M9VX]




]




M($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;G

M:70@4&QA;G


]

]





]


]




\

]
T1N=6UP/C$Y+#0R
#QS

]



]
T1R

M;65N=!96YE9FET(%!L86YS(%M






T1T;W`^

M(&%C8V]U;G1S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$





M('9A;'5E(&]F('!L86X@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


@6TUE;6)E

979E


]








M
T1T;W`^1FEX960@:6YC;VUE(&9U;F1S(%M-96UB97)=('P@4&]O;&5D('-E

B!;365M8F5R73PO




]





T1T;W`^

M(&%C8V]U;G1S(%M-96UB97)=('P@3&5V96P@
R!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@





]




]





]






979E


]








M
T1T;W`^1FEX960@:6YC;VUE(&9U;F1S(%M-96UB97)=('P@0V]M;6]N(&-O

B!;365M





]







]
T1R

M;65N=!96YE9FET(%!L86YS(%M






M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C9&0U9&-F9%]C9F5E7S0W
C-?83DW
5]B

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O



I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@5&AO=7-A;F1S

C@L(#(P


@


T1T;W`^/'-T






]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3


#$V/]T9#X-B`@

BPY



T1T;W`^





]



]

]

]


]








]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]
T1N=6UP/C$S



]

3



#$X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D





T1T;W`^
C`R


]




M
S4V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V-D9#5D8V9D7V-F


F9E9C




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C

$55



M3E-)3TX@04Y$($]42$52(%!/4U12151)4D5-14Y4($)%3D5&2513(A38VAE
M9'5L92!O9B!5;G)E8V]G;FEZ960@0F5N969I=!!;6]U;G1S*2`H1&5T86EL


^

M
C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`R.2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


]



]



2PQ




T1T;W`^0W5R=&%I;&UE;G0@
M86YD('-E='1L96UE;G0@861J=7-T;65N='


]




]
T1N=6T^*#(T+#



]


]



RPY

















]
T1R93X-B`@(`@







]



T1T;W`^07-S970@;&]S


T1T;W`^








M9%]C9F5E7S0W
C-?83DW

M;G1E;G0]



]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2F%N
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$U/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R





]
T1N=6UP
M/C`N
C`W


M9VX]


]
M





M9VX]


]
M


M9VX]


]



M
2PW
#`L







3DX+#
P

]



#`L
#`P/'-P86X^



M97%U96YT($5V96YT(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S






]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^





\

]



M-61C9F1?8V9E95\T-S(S7V$Y-S%?8F%F93@R9F5F
S4V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T


M9F4X
F9E9C




^+RH@1&\@


$4R









]
T1T:#Y$96

CDL(#(P
3







M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D)A;&%N8V4L(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!Y96%R/]T9#X-B`@

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#8X+#4Q



]
T1N=6T^*#$V
M+#0Y



M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D%M;W5N='


]
T1N=6T^*#









]

]



]




T1T;W`^3W1H

I(&)E9F]R92!R96-L87-S

]
T1N



]

@=&\@;F5T(&EN8V]M93PO



I
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-BPW-S4I/'-P86X^

C(L-S$T



]












M8V4L(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!Y96%R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]




]




I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S


CQS

]

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@


M/5].97AT4&%R=%]C9&0U9&-F9%]C9F5E7S0W
C-?83DW
5]B869E.#)F968S




I



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(X+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

CDL(#(P
3





]

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PP
M
#`L



]

]
T1T97AT


T1T


]
T1N=6T^*#$L
#`Q+#`P

]
'!E;G-E
M*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S<STS1&YU;3XH
3DQ+#`P


T1T;W`^


]
T1N=6T^*#$L
#`Q+#`P

]
M

]
T1R


]



T1T;W`^4F5A
M;&EZ960@9V%I;B!O;B!S86QE(&]F('-E8W5R:71I97
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@






]
M

]



T1T;W`^5&]T86P@8F5F;W)E('1A

]
T1N=6T^*#DV-2PP
M







]

M-S%?8F%F93@R9F5F
S4V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z


F9E9C


M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$504D-)/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M


M*$1E=&%I;'


C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@


]









]



2PV



]



T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)I97
\+W1D



#@L.#
R/'-P




]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]
T1N=6UP/C$L.3(X+#DX


]



]







]

]
M


]




]


M97

]
T1N=6UP/C$S+#DT

]
T1T97AT

]



]
T1N=6UP/C$L-#DR+#8P



]



]
T1R


M;G-E9!86QA;F-E(%-H965T(%-T871E;65N='

:6YE



]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)I97,\+W1D/@T*(`@

]








S`X+#





M+!P;&%N=!A;F0@97%U:7!M96YT+!N970\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]








]


S`T+#`P

]

]







2PQ.38L


]
T1N=6UP/C`\







]


]

]
M


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


S`T+#`P

]
T1R



]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]


]


]











L($-A









]






\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^061J=7-T;65N=!F;W(@4&%Y







M;G


]

]
T1N=6UP/C
P

]





M;VYG/D-O;F1E;G-E9!86QA;F-E(%-H965T(%-T871E;65N='

M;VYS(%M




@86QL;W=A;F-E(&9O

M1&YU;7`^



]


T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)I97










2PU-S8L-S(R/'-P86X^









]






]
T1R;W4^#0H@(`@(`@

\+W1D

]


]


]


]


]

]
T1P








M8FEL:71I97

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]


]


]





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C9&0U
M9&-F9%]C9F5E7S0W
C-?83DW



M='`M97%U:78]

]



@;W1H97)W:7-E

]
T1T:#Y$96
N

M8RX@
CDL(#(P
3






]


]





T1T;W`^5V5I9VAT



]
T1T97AT/CQS





]

T0Q/C$R


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^










T1T;W`^1W)A;G0@1&%T

M






]

]


]







T1T;W`^





]


M=&]P/E)352`Q(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$





]

M/3-$=&5X=#Y&96(@-P-@D)
C`Q


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5F5S=&EN9R!$871E/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$96,@,S$L#0H)3(P



]
M




M(%M


M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y&96(@

]







]



]


]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#`P


]


]
T1T97AT/D9E
M8B`R-P-@D)

]
T1P










]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


C8L

]






T1T;W`^
M4E-5(#


T1T

]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C0V
M
BPU





]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5F5S=&EN9R!$871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$96,@,S$L#0H)3(P



]
T1N





]
M



M
SXQ
B!-;VYT:'

]
T1T:#Y$96

S`L(#(P
3(\







]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@





]
T1N=6UP/C$L
S(V/'-P86X^


C@\





M(%M


S8Q/'-P86X^



]

@6TUE

]





]


]



]


]



U]A

F9E9C






]




@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I

]
T1T:#Y$96

CDL
M(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
M


T1T;W`^

]


]



]

]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C(P


]
T1N=6UP/C(P


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1W)A;G1E9`H

]
T1N=6UP/C
P

M-S






M


#







]
T1N=6UP


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M


M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-BXV







]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]











]
T1R93X-

]
T1N=6UP/C0V
M

]
T1N





]


]



M(&%T(&5N9!O9B!Y96%R(AI;B!S:&%R97
I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D




]










]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@





]










]
T1N=6UP/B0@






F9E9C





]

T1)1#!%




]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M4&5R8V5N=&%G92!O9B!T;W1A;!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!S:&%R97
@;V8@8V]M
M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]W;F5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M


]


#QS






]



M86-T:6]N(%M




3`P+#`P
M



M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@9G)O;2!R96QA=&5D('!A


]
T1T97AT

]


]



]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C0L.#`P+#`P
#QS


M9VX]
T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='


#`\




]



]

]
M



]



M:6]N(%M



]


M93@R9F5F
S4V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V-D9#5D


F9E9C


M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$4S2D))/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@





^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L


C@L(#(P
30\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q
M

M

C8L
M(#(P


]


]



T1T;W`^17%U








]


]
T1T

]
T1T

]

M9')A=W
@=&AA=!S=7!P;W)T(&]B;&EG871I;VYS(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY
M(&%N9!I='


#`L



]
T1N
M=6UP/C$P


]

]


]



M86YS86-T:6]N(%M






]
T1N=6UP/C$L
S
Y+#`P


]
T1N=6UP
M/C$L
S
Y+#`P

M86QI9VX]








M


M;7`^


M

@;V8@
M0W)E9&ET(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X





]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T





#`L

M:6UB=7)S92!*0E

M=&EO;G

\+W1D

]


]
T1N=6UP/C4V+#4P

]
T1R

M4T$L($Q







#DL
#`P/'-P

M
#0X+#`P


M9VX]
T1T;W`^4V%L97



]
T1N=6UP/C(P-BPW
M
C`L




#`L
#`P/'-P86X^

RPY
#`L
M





@4&%I


]



]


]

]
T1P


2PQ-#DL

P+#`P



]










]


]








M:6=N/3-$=&]P/DI4R!!=F5S($QT9&$N(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@





]



]


]



]


BPP
M


M;7`^


M






]



]


]



]

M+#`Y
2PP




M86QI9VX]


]


]


]







M97

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]


]



M86-T:6]N(%M






]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C4U+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
#QS


M9F1?8V9E95\T-S(S7V$Y-S%?8F%F93@R9F5F
S4V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T


M
F9E9C


^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5.1D%#

M/3-$




C@L(#(P


@86YD($-O
M;G1I;F=E;F-I97



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


#$V/]T9#X-B`@


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#(Q


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q.#PO=&0^#0H@(`@


]

]




Q






]



T0Q/C`@
M36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@8V]L

2!-;VYT:'



C`Q



]
T1P

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3
N
M

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T

]


]


]



T1T;W`^3W5T

]


]


]



T1T;W`^4F5N=&%L(&5X






]


]


T1T;W`^2D)3(%5302!;365M8F5R73PO















M=7)S92!*0E

M;G

\+W1D/@T*







]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^/'-T


]


]


]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

@0V]N


]


]


]


]

]


]


]







M4F5V96YU92!397)V:6-E(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L







@6TQI;F4@


]



]


]
T1N=6UP/C(Y+C



M0V]M;6ET;65N='








]


]
T1R;SX-


L


]


]


]



]

M=&UE;G1S(%M









M=#XQ


]


]


]





]
M

M25-+4R!!3D0@0T].0T5.5%)!5$E/3E
@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^
M26X@36EL;&EO;G









]







]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]N
M8V5N=')A=&EO;B!2:7-K+!097)C96YT86=E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D





]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;B!2:7-K+!097)C



T1T;W`^



]
T1T

]



M;F-E;G1R871I;VX@4FES:RP@4&5R8V5N=&%G93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M9F1?8V9E95\T-S(S7V$Y-S%?8F%F93@R9F5F

O4VAE
M970Y
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O



]

]






#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^

CDL(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S`L(#(P
3(\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`R
RP@
C`Q
M

M


C`Q

]
T1P


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
M

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C$\





]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPP
3@L
#8U/'-P

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPQ.#0L

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@



M.#
L




;VYG+6QI

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]


]


]

]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
34Q+#@Q



T1T;W`^56YI=&5D


@8GD@8W5S=&]M

]




















M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E1O=&%L/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M











@8GD@8W5S=&]M97(@;&]C


]







Y












M1&YU;7`^.38L.3






]


]


]


]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^5&]T86P\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]


]


]


]


]


]





T1T;W`^3F]R


@8GD@8W5S


]





3$L


]


]


]


]


]


]


]




M97


















S@L.#`Y/'-P86X^



]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M















M;7`^-#0L


L




]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$X+#$P


]
T1N=6UP/C$S

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^4&%C:69I8R!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S















































]
T1N=6UP/B0@


U]A

F9E9C






]




M*$1E=&%I;'


T0Q



]
T1T:#Y$96



]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

CDL(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`R.2P@
C`Q


#$S/&)R/CPO

C`Q
CQB

#$R

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(X

M
CDL(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`S


T1T


]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M
T1T;W`^5&]T86P@;F5T('-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S






M


BPX








]







]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L-S@W+#


]
T1N=6UP/C(L
C
Y+#(X

]



















C
L
#@W/'-P

RPU
M.#



















:6YE



]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M






]


]



]





















:6YE



]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M





]
















M;VYG/E-E9VUE;G0@4F5P;W)T:6YG($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(%M
:6YE($ET96US



]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


]






















]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M





]


]



]




M9'5C='

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T


]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M
T1T;W`^5&]T86P@;F5T('-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


















;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]C9&0U9&-F9%]C9F5E7S0W
C-?83DW
5]B869E.#)F968S-38O




]




3(^
R!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

SXQ
B!-
M;VYT:'


]

CDL(#(P
30\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S

]
T1T:#Y$96

C`Q
M

M

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN


C4L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^

]
T1T
M:#Y$96

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S`L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@



3@V+#@Q-RPP

#$X+#`V-2PP


#0W+#(X
M-2PP


30R+#@Q-BPP





M.2PP


RPP

V-2PP




]



]
T1N=6UP/C
T
M.2PT-S8L


C$U+#$P-BPP




]

RPP

#8L
3
U+#`P


M.#DL

M1&YU;7`^
3$P+#`V-2PP


Y
RPY.34L



S4L
M.#
R+#`P

]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$V-RPQ.#@L


C4U+#DX
RPP


S8P+#`P



]
T1N=6UP/C$V



]
M
T1N=6UP/C0R+#DS
2PP



SDL





]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@








]


]










]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
BXQ



M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XY



]





]










]


]










]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@







]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPW-S`L
#`P/'-P


M9%]C9F5E7S0W
C-?83DW

M;G1E;G0]



249924Y'($%#0T]53E13(A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$(0I/&)R


M
SXQ
B!-;VYT:'

]
T1T:#Y$96

S`L(#(P
3(\

M92!&;W(@1&]U8G1F=6P@06-C;W5N='


]



]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^061D:71I;VYS+!#:&%R9V5D('1O
M($]P97)A=&EN9R!297-U;'1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$




]
T1N=6UP

M=&]P/D1E9'5C=&EO;G


BPU






]


]

]
T1P




]



T1T;W`^0F5G:6YN:6YG



C(P+#$R
M


]



#QS

]

C$Y






T1T;W`^5F%L=6%T

]








C
P+#


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^061D:71I;VYS
M+!#:&%R9V5D('1O($]P97)A=&EN9R!297-U;'1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#(U

]








]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M



M95\T-S(S7V$Y-S%?8F%F93@R9F5F




M87-C

M8V]M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B/@T*(#QO.DUA:6Y&:6QE($A2968]
T0B+BXO
M5V]R:V)O;VLN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Q+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#`T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P-2YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970P.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#DN
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T,3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$S
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#$V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
M-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3@N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970R,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
C$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(R+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#(U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-BYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T
S
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
T+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#,W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S.YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,SDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970T
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#(N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T-#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0V+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#0Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U
YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970U
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-30N

T0B4VAE970U.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#8Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V
M,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C,N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970V-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M-C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8W+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-CDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E


T0B4VAE
M970W-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-S4N:'1M;(O

M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970W-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H

M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970X,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#@R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970X,RYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B

M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970X.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T.3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DQ+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Y
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.3



 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentArrangementsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCompensationCostForShareBasedPaymentArrangementsAllocationOfShareBasedCompensationCostsByPlanTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetsLiabilitiesAtFairValueNetByBalanceSheetClassificationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeCollateralObligationToReturnCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradingActivityByTypeAxis=ppc_CornMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DerivativesCoverageAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DerivativesCoveragePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradingActivityByTypeAxis=ppc_SoybeanMealMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DerivativesCoverageAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DerivativesCoveragePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_CommodityContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetsLiabilitiesAtFairValueNetByBalanceSheetClassificationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_ForeignExchangeContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetsLiabilitiesAtFairValueNetByBalanceSheetClassificationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsFiniteLivedPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_BookOverdraftPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SelfInsuranceReservePolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasePolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ScheduleOfCarryingValuesAndEstimatedFairValuesOfAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedHoldingGainLossOnSecuritiesArisingDuringPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_OtherLaborRelatedExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockCapitalSharesReservedForFutureIssuance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodTotalFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SummaryOfIncomeTaxContingenciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PublicUtilitiesInventoryAxis=ppc_ChickenInventoriesLiveChickenAndHensMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PublicUtilitiesInventoryAxis=ppc_ChickenInventoriesFeedEggsAndOtherMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PublicUtilitiesInventoryAxis=ppc_ChickenInventoriesFinishedChickenProductsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PublicUtilitiesInventoryAxis=ppc_ChickenInventoriesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PublicUtilitiesInventoryAxis=ppc_CommercialFeedTableEggsAndOtherMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCurtailments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPurchasesSalesAndSettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlanAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansNoncurrentLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_AmountsRecognizedInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossAtEndOfYearAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesAfterTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCurtailments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPurchasesSalesAndSettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlanAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansNoncurrentLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_AmountsRecognizedInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossAtEndOfYearAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesAfterTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_IncomeTaxesReceivableNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DeferredTaxAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_IncomeTaxesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedHoldingGainLossOnSecuritiesArisingDuringPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_NumberOfDaysInQuarter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTransfersAndChanges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_IdledAssetsPropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_IdledAssetPropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_IdledAssetAccumulatedDepreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsInStatementOfFinancialPositionFairValueTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesForeign'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipmentAndIdentifiedIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDeferredExpenseCapitalizedInventoryCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesInsuranceClaimsandLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGrossCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGrossNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsForeign'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAllowanceForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGrossCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGrossNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsEmployeeCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsPensionsAndPostretirementBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedHoldingGainLossOnSecuritiesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedHoldingGainLossOnSecuritiesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedHoldingGainLossOnSecuritiesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ProductLineInformationAxis=ppc_UsPreparedChickenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ProductLineInformationAxis=ppc_UsFreshChickenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ProductLineInformationAxis=ppc_UsExportAndOtherChickenByProductsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ProductLineInformationAxis=ppc_UsChickenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ProductLineInformationAxis=ppc_MexicoChickenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ProductLineInformationAxis=ppc_ChickenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ProductLineInformationAxis=ppc_UsOtherProductsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ProductLineInformationAxis=ppc_MexicoOtherProductsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ProductLineInformationAxis=ppc_OtherProductsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_WorkforceSubjectToCollectiveBargainingArrangementsExpiringWithinOneYearMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeAxis=us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansCostsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeAxis=us-gaap_AvailableforsaleSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherCommitmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PurchaseObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PurchaseObligationDueInSecondYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PurchaseObligationDueInThirdYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_LeasePurchaseOptionMaximumValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ppc_HoldingCompanyJbsUsaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherCommitmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ReimbursementForDrawsUponLetterOfCreditIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesByNatureOfContingencyAxis=ppc_ErisaLitigationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherCommitmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_LossContingencyDamagesSoughtMinimumValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesByNatureOfContingencyAxis=ppc_BreachedGrowerContractsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherCommitmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyDamagesAwardedValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesByNatureOfContingencyAxis=ppc_BreachedGrowerContractsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherCommitmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyDamagesAwardedValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesByNatureOfContingencyAxis=ppc_DueToInternalRevenueServiceMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherCommitmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyDamagesSoughtValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesByNatureOfContingencyAxis=ppc_DueToInternalRevenueServiceMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherCommitmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyDamagesSoughtValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherCommitmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeLeasingArrangementsOperatingLeasesTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherCommitmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeLeasingArrangementsOperatingLeasesTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_AdministrativeRestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansNotesTradeAndOtherReceivablesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=ppc_RestrictedStockAwardsIssueTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAwardGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAwardEstimatedForfeitureRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=ppc_RestrictedStockAwardsIssueThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAwardGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAwardEstimatedForfeitureRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=ppc_RestrictedStockUnitsIssueOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAwardGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAwardEstimatedForfeitureRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=ppc_RestrictedStockAwardsIssueFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAwardGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAwardEstimatedForfeitureRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=ppc_RestrictedStockAwardsIssueFiveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAwardGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAwardEstimatedForfeitureRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=ppc_RestrictedStockUnitsIssueTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAwardGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAwardEstimatedForfeitureRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=ppc_RestrictedStockUnitsIssueThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAwardGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAwardEstimatedForfeitureRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LandMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_VehiclesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInDebtAndMarketableEquitySecuritiesAndCertainTradingAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtByMaturityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalTotal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredOtherTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=ppc_A2013USCreditFacilityTermB1LoanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=ppc_A2013USCreditFacilityTermB2LoanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=ppc_A2013USCreditFacilityRevolverMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=ppc_MexicoCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=ppc_SubordinatedLoanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=ppc_OtherLongTermDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=ppc_LoanCommitmentUnderMexicoCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableRateAxis=ppc_TiieRatePlusMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=country_US'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=country_MX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=us-gaap_AsiaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=us-gaap_NorthAmericaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=us-gaap_AfricaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=us-gaap_EuropeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=us-gaap_SouthAmericaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=us-gaap_AsiaPacificMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsHeldForSaleLongLivedFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPensionPlansAndDefinedBenefitPostretirementPlansDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RisksAndUncertaintiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MovementInValuationAllowancesAndReservesRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_AllowanceForSalesReturnsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MovementInValuationAllowancesAndReservesRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceOfDeferredTaxAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MovementInValuationAllowancesAndReservesRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationCalculationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationCalculationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ServicingLiabilityAtFairValueChangesInFairValueResultingFromChangesInValuationInputsOrChangesInAssumptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationCalculationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ServicingLiabilityAtFairValueChangesInFairValueResultingFromChangesInValuationInputsOrChangesInAssumptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnsecuredLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MediumTermNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnsecuredLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MediumTermNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnsecuredLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MediumTermNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnsecuredLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MediumTermNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPensionPlansAndDefinedBenefitPostretirementPlansDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionUsedInCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAllocationOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ScheduleOfHierarchyOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedBenefitAmountsInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedHoldingGainLossOnSecuritiesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromContributedCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ppc_HoldingCompanyJbsUsaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ReimbursementForDrawsUponLetterOfCreditIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ppc_HoldingCompanyJbsUsaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionExpensesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ppc_HoldingCompanyJbsUsaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromContributedCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ppc_HoldingCompanyJbsUsaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LettersOfCreditOutstandingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_ReimbursementForDrawsUponLetterOfCreditIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ppc_JbsUsaLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionPurchasesFromRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ppc_JbsUsaLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAmountsOfTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ppc_JbsUsaLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAmountsOfTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ppc_JBSAvesLtda.Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionPurchasesFromRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ppc_SearaInternationalLtd.Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionPurchasesFromRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ppc_JBSChileLtdaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ppc_JBSGlobalUKLtd.Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationBasisOfPresentationBusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
`L``00E#@``!#D!``#L?5ESXT:R[O.Y$?<_Z.KY




U_J;^?7*GY01B_HBRO_\GD6HTT
M899(`J_.?_7CQX^?RE\FZ0#?SHD?IG?


]_]_Z/JC\8C?S*#T9A-$C#



47(1ZT:Y/??I7^





SD2QTH




3EP$@D&?6

M3[WUC]4$;I\38$*(Q1B_0^D`[84S[-0Y5NFXPQ8
L/\9[$]/E@?N3Q/WIR?_
M0UPX1UPXUC36;C
/$!K.'1JHFY&H65)QER;X

1
MJD#*+

X'!9#]O#50!L+E%75L15*+88PU^;B115U


MF91W[
9JD#BOAY[^2


M]OR7
C(L_*&X05,\]\C/RLB(MJ;2;HG\*\N'I^N<M
MW9EA(IXB\IWJ^00Y2P[03*
+-&Y1Z:%\H(%%:L:SW21
=^J/X`7\H;W@OM\N
.V;*S[`K

!A@






M%L(XS%Y0
^F%]L#4PA#



M;%$!\R@1=T#)?

MC[6;:V61WF/J!6$\



M%9AY!.R;

M)RW'ZE$W^/'#8M@3H+6B-BT&
]?KTHDVRXH%&!\;QMX;P/@H
%Y6;
]@O+:U
M+DWP
_+Q780)Z'2EYXC(NC2I.3]?S(L#]M#80
(%-!8B
ET+K&VC;6'ESY[_
M$L8H'2_?UW&S;Y&9^4[!KC@PBS`B*P(Z;OJJF+VU-L3V/ECY=_02^A&+7=]6
MEJZ*R;RU=^5K$
%9Y&V[6AMXVWEX&VTX@!C?)VM;2;DNTR?3%=?DI)=!BK*N
MVWZ;T

M7):K3_X)]F3`/Y?M6?MM'+);SR`^O9@I2@(

EA_'19KZ/&3R7=5[_$(JEMJ

M2_GSW?
@P[I)




IH
95W%/8/VZA06E-!00I]M*HT2G@G=8G9X

M#Z%!^0$-1&@@'@3T?$GME
:@%ZJ%S*'2TF1NA(/)D3-.CJP4K)7ID0;GW%?N

M;L(8S7@S=I0H'.+__H'Y:X0OD.3#8*_W7:@T%9KU52LS

MV[2PAXP&
@?'@_8JSHB6*OHKQB



I/K-J
M]=D=Q#63E^4RI\57'




8YX2'M-[


\?R?OV#

KY!KRBJ;F^?W7
=CXH\
M*V_@5WSCL_=WDI(3H;+;9P(`7*:M\HE.UK'-5+FTE7ZS+@_E(PU-05E9?8H&

)\ZZS[/NZ&;RB8


\]
&S&9G8

8/_*:`.@Q4#.!#ST&


M:SO8TM&[VHX:'X=RL8-N#14LLY[
4_QNK:BB:+5%%S93=H_S
M=A#G?<EE[+D/)#'P:NA/P7P2'?Y,98;NZ'S2;CP4L.^)K!N56'4Y#%@IYW-

_D\RN.[%=H5&9


F*

MXF!VOT#N%[G%X/YW7M!33PDU&[S%Y0WN9X:Z2/$X)N`B*^





J&T.LUQE%54;&-NHQ(7










M.
0ITB
A`?O^I.(GW-+%O1W.+MRU:=+-19


MV#4/A!



WIQU]H:6
M2+E[&QXZE-A[%3GH#\XI1`JM35W9DCQ$.(AQT%N??V\.*E83PP!BDJ=Y5!

X`$R_


M:3@(8R_ZW8N*U0T%:[\QQU^\O$C1[?/BSXLX8:;(P[8/?DZ3'R@E=Z38QQCZ



L+2$M5V@QV2Z531D9Q@1Y0^AKZ#!X#WA9*[PK?
MK[`[A9









M`^`!9!'

MB
KI;2+J\70FL*0SZ8IK@S-..4X8XIG167O?Y
2E^P^H

CAJ*HN2'%_LH
^+@'F4H?479XWB$*DV)]=MO

I7


ONQ!RSLI'C*GXO(\
OY



KG_WS9X:EH.(J2,=JL
MUMD-.SQ[D8_5KQN^<F3RSL\-WOQ4I35/G<*WO*&W2QWA]('\O/*XX/P%?MW

IJ51RV]Q$9Q



\Y8JB88XAR2GV-SE


7*
MH+<,:U6B=O=HU&2YO@R.0BH$9BQ-\N.X;J&J)N[0BN;,T4:DFN@2WY)TF8
M[[UI93AN&*'4P@`;)&D3LYHRSW&*SB6;F.MZ8:LC.-B;8E7'ZZ\=(!NL`5
M'8I()D+!1?F.Y9%57KHRH]E/KY]=J9$;44UT[;

M*B]*G
/*<'Y/(IS(O71B[R88=VQ))]'!,0U-T179710/$A1O_ST)5E^

PB0%BAPWD8HSLKNPVW^@J/0Y+:;T'L*HS`/Z^+--B-@
M_Y1<S/<$G.0Y3C8$4^=F,CB:OF8$01-%65X6HMFH#B''-EMP)@:'*YF<X.X






M]IFRT%!5PW2Q
[D2;\P)KF$JJU(1+K8DU7OCV6OHXO:AVS*ND5P+&\.U!$72
F==$UW#6?%S1E

%OFI
MNE11$]8







BS$AQ2-H11=%`13P/E=Y35-YS%BW!E0
M-$Q*UG*#*J7=]@Y$=3*M'1&7DTP9)S97-%SYE33G@JDBXZR9DY1T67Q
1F',F6:$MKKFW=P]E8T
MGO1_-
(B2(OLZEPB5;$\[IK



%


M55[K8O;%.M22)8/

P+JF)8DFD)
MN`!Q+5
U9UL(!$$7UGH:D^7(2YK;+DUCL;%.4^1EZ
3BNZ8HBHJAB8JI:8ZC
MD#6EL_7CCJ6M;R=M)_Y


UVQ`$_!_2K+=KBH*CJTMJFATMP_W$X;)6WJBG


MES1-DQ11%S!H;%XP9ZOX5=$UY`WJX&?*V#+VDTCXD(R?$-D*YT7;!;4MR1(=

M9+O3


\.E4=QY8L`
0%#T#B0*@+


MZ*-)'`0$8[2IO2A



7S:#(OY)_COR^YV1HLY!:+AX]_-?V2@7*GIC%RL0F19K=-B;E]\V#CQ;H7
MLXC2R;162+6_:4#G6(@%CSH'FS%Z3\F4MX+S0AZ4`:F82.M]O_SZ/6US329
M'C:33J4/&SUA82
L(W08X])
H&52






1_!A.(-).#@$+


E`3I$'*






/`

?IV!IEA54()5^/%TVA;O07.=']EPTJ=?*:?X['_SJ\QILQ


MF\7L]O7DTSA\F%S_:SQUT^G#Z.YN#Y_^AIJVR^D6Z7D5`E.6*()4I*?.D)I3

MS)
MK$T1=ZP^HRR%!





M.


]#P9W+?9UZ`K&R2Z!7A6N5,RF4:`V`$JJ

M%GD^^UA'G96B5SL#=3D+K7]#\:A);2!X2DGZI!(KMQ)-DG4P6-+&]`_0NR70

0@&X








Z9*36*LVOK[]\
?M:4]/0Y2AYF43IA=#)


05Z!_

MV1SJ@\@2SR_:MVKUD?1]6%Z]+6=`[SZ

)ZB7J3P!9@T)$I<0-$*
M^'65B(TZ8MHJE3X+*9O=?_&C3U4$G2
:0[EKCS*K%DIE&

M416+1E!Z+DU
V8;:'!)\YJ57JYP(7#'S](+BCV7MH2J(P90$CTPHEISS'F);
MCK1





=:.O)[ZYP-[?9O@@6

Y.`6^`8
MUESAWOA.4U\U.S!EQ5-OR)QB]I7F_^&N&RJ;RNGLIC?TG?G#^&:#9_9QE_&]

[PA*&(I2


B
QP(


M:IMU@_2Z1X(#PAQ2X/BG]&1-]BT&(A#Z+J
;
S#RIC(`K6T[#J$W@`67[/U/
MUJ1D193


M?&?7;0

[L:_CZ]7%/\'IA*!]::

M55XP%L5WQ+3QT%N



M7Y#3A-UG#60.Z`
E<AU]A&!/S;/QY\5]%D


M5PG
&




S-WPVU*\4QSS\K6G:2)XH
M6.]RM*37D)+N\H4@Z]H83NMWCE`.$NN
*]GLX?6)V&:__SB['VVV'4TNEB_?

M.(_::Z5+$KX$4;0NDDP#=
IBT&]-!U\G/86GT_L!4F@!2HFDRR83C2DU.=O-

GV_PDXG$?O'1'!
M&IP-E9/




MCPLIDL7KA3_/QA\G=AZ-Y*?2R)H`5*R%_FG4=D.?
MHVK22\WN$QJ2Z+'R#]*E$(2PD=!&\5+\JDI=*G?&
G4/+G\0^Y!\64JD6!1
M94Y0I/[2CL5F;.ZOE3+Z;`MX

CLKL);B0B=*




CE0R/YWDS43T7C1(XKD



TM2KT:JE\M+(T6DYUL[M%\
M_GDU<O[C;+X<<_WT'4'5NN?!^PA)SL%25XYXXEYBMKE?W@2[3FIV5Y`NNDN


M*[]#_N@9%$\R$)Q6:P\1QR]\L)7@)2RU`EX:;D-P+(JBANR%!$N4#5LMC
M8F4UJEID`/C^,M//FI-(^QP7O]D;)ZA`P"RT-%+



%%$`?LI)6MK






:0@LWE




OQ_`
4RE

NZ-^:+Z9LY

$
MF7AD-

M'+N[JYR+V#H/7ZP^EQZVW36UQXKXT`([7\%ZLGJ+PA
[YN.;K36Q_L+?Y?^.


MKW



\Y;
A'2JX_H28D\NH%/&A]\//`-;J1J9

ZMX]1!O!MO
0OLA(%:)62I-%-T4
M8IM*YJZ;4LURJYO@%PB$5\\6@G_
YK^^G=$;O[I[_:_QF^4OLTQZ2=^04J?1
M_-UH







'IV\?'J

MOZ^5BT]Z[N[_=972)S_&FW?XBVU0L?:(HI+S

E$&8U`A

Z?SOZ:?[O[MBZ[


MK3Q*[Z1
*7KL)@/Y'I@#[914A\.N0//;CB`XAF34ZCB*1C-`6R3)WB!4FX

5I

M[3&J/)8Q.Q7#M@'*KX'8Z\R5]RE)%S`2PX(+OJ#K@:1K+;7OQ621\=5UY_`V

M:8C`




55




M?6DGCS!J.MB4%.NIDZT$K1'_=;98\&#];UQTLOR!3Y=G5YMVLQ\SDU*%SH97



M1@UZPZ4W1
P+J-XVH


M?;$O
T]L5




`/ER9(U[?TFW.2]+(?9!^:._W+]Q/_G1W:0&T=5(_FI%J-E7NN6A&SGL

M2&/U?8:BD8?`XZ9\^^/R^OOLR3_O)KN



MNQ@



M&./3WV




M?K][=5

ME





N-H'%
]P796Q3%
M)_[O[_M.=L.=Z\13)(^E1(V8
?NN6SL+;4H3$G`


HI%8PI)
MIZ*SD@523JKOQ/8^MRD6/9K@G0[=W=7MK]=Q]O`)LXNZN/[VC'0-?_S/A&TE
MO,XN_V=VMGC6A(75-V9N%\TY2G+UJ^&-J<%TE;+.Q]1Z&G;\A7F/_(Q!=W-S
M=S\A].:WF]E%.KL\Y_]A?O5[\[;-.K4<%;H^3_8@+W$[:*5:54H*N$)U%,`&
M5(+L2J[O!\7J&_8]J80M\IC&DAO#_JIJ.<0P10'%4(2(229:^R\;2G]A@G9

PB
@;NF1'D)%G=346B0$?#AI4'RNM_H'^!PAOO7*$[+D.J
MV1B*+CWVSPM0['M$?=\/;!.A+UYP`X[1P5:K07/FH[/PJ3Q97/9N;
UQ'M16




MNEQY^$8V.I'+ZOJX6%O8XU9O3TQMU?DCBRFD[A&1R(B2)F\`652G21Z/[L
\U?A$#9ZF:$1H\HQ+3EQV9#W#IGUQ0R+2.Y71)M1&Q%/$__F5X?!0+H
MBN&*^Q)01@&U6[W@/BVQ;!9@3Z*Q2EA-_FYL*IBJW8Q%W#6*(DY=T`YK6+;


PYI<YE$S*IM<BA/%Q=IA




@H

M5F=MN
&A)#9L;AH6H)&K
))(QH5)'QZUK]U9MD%^\UGP.C@C[!YXE.R$G$0K

'8














M.MGO)7B8B24+@X::7884BJG\Z;*%5?W%-EQN(CE9\@4HF0(.H=U-K#;$D)P8
M;VHBX-;
MF%&%2QU5YT


MMR&18L(LYDO@K$E33C?;VJ65;(ET^':[R]9F\#9BL$U*OL*HD$V=T[!Y
YNR@YBX5<;+@
#F(UCPF1
OF@(7$;.!@FAC)E+:4

M8[(%OQ.S[27)4
FT!H@08)!H&`G`5XAB:H?##\U@.0MVU#WR)LK0H#
%2]
MPE:/F)LJLJ9N10]4DQ\`[)V]MR+G2E0Q5`:MVXVL.@\0


A]B8P^G0Y=8$JU1E


P




MA





MR


A_L19NJNM.1R\[HEN:U

M=LY%2
6VZ7KW.U\7Z`:F?Y
&[1\$A;6LJG1U??
Y)EDP@?^P__DJSQ_S.08/

E


M*'&8

PUCK$[AB

MI^=HO9R/ILQ!ERVJU_;3B[GNP\1TY_6HLO:I0$FHR
O7MC#O)YQJ1::?O&R7


M0*&+!


ME2A\W.YRU(OB.5#0PZ5UDB:-*=4:+&3[J:!!PIZZNMC(ZW0
GP\$H$QTI(-
M]]%5/:U3KTKL[C/\RWE+9X%U%]6ZP_GKU?#)QFU@U!]L&1TD&^%
LUU;7+%
M;2==]N!##P//SL@49
%$
WCA0#K(VIKRU4EBPU[DURTE$I\)G8'\;K`6HH_8

M=??=72



L/^Y(_$%UGR+Y$PP(P&%N=4U)_@(^.


68)9-'.U4\/G#=]+OV7QSGR
MPMO[!A_NJQ;64UN)'Z+FG)!JVU*S)5,CFRGN,*[3'KC:C@JU%[`^S\T`(9
M5V

MO/H?95X'!OZ+


M;T




M_Y#9[QCZ+]7=V$4^5@IS['.+J%0$E.P&&IGF-]K(8WMD#W!M^4K8#X8;9P


MZ9)$:%]$:X)7O\ATTQ

M_GLPN5V)A8]P8W?A1_XT'-1`I(9W93+\WZ?A^.;;^I^W\)T/[VO@/F'CNK7=



MA$HRR)BST2&PPP35@FF

AL4K9.5T
U\[AS

M)91'JX)-4ZH3HI-M\536[01OB^//9NUUHLCQ+'+D[ZRD7-C/G=(^NR(P-`N(
M+I+J)['V5AH)25)1

6

M'OZU+$ZUW_!V]/AM6M=D%+8A2'67:')*@P4=13V:TI69'?HFY0M$JRM03HO@





%ZSYSETMQUBE$T


M`[CO=0%C==

Q&J6AUTYEX$22[B&P!%2-0
M994Y&-&U^(PAZ9*\+6B




2RJ;'Y
+I?YJ^''+&!9OJ$C\H
HCBTGSV2H4F






RVVQR78LYK#

R

G)PEZ3@










MV&KJJ2R3?9?HE5BP1P;

MF_DZ(`)]#JZ50B9Y;070LIVR4[I(LROL+!W1&!%VH?[5


6!=`CN[M9A6[5I36F:8[Y09J5FV;[
M@'=`O+8<:W,:?<DUV4P*H\?IAN;.`X-V&]4/1J\,0)\)KRVWVVQTMFO8=8#


M!9


MZ_):E-22/WI(E.I)X_'-Z.[Y#*%_+

M((G@DJ]QM




MT]^X7:CJ7C[C70)4FDJFZ3FV6GGA



M^D4EF]1[(B:AE`.=$=


M(E[4C=/H_OK.@-=*B2PO1CO*OJO?BX1@_^L?'^3O4KY3+CW#66WE8O\#9%41



B_
M:NIL[:WO1E\GU[?7S=DX2
Y*S5B)8$-8RI]R#D(G[*!OSPA\-?O_5P
&HJ
T+J8T3\+^3
MVLA1IUP@1664UE&SW]I5M)*.&;[;I_\X]P<HD&*<D+$$QEGBJ(=Q*X--@`I
M_T(*Y
6.Z1%5HJ.Q)3MA;6VXM(%T%PL(K'OM]RM
)[!!2+73)'I1-S5E
-;V
MNYM8AI+]?D7H!#9(HD6J&S$%&R
L[




M8+Q



!DZ1G5J'VB3S3Z0RF
Y_6NV


M_V+'T2*0EUK:;FPHD8H-+C&L4)[UPCSI\41GDP@R8J@Y41F+C??)+FBF$S_[
M;7\);T83U7UONDX:5RI(&5UWVTF2;0[EV6_[W@JKC`XTTH$9XLVI5`=Z\!
M75
V\
RW_=F\$


E$K.E\-*AM;]4#;DY^JO.Y
MC=WY6;[T@1QPQZVGK)+-F269+W?
J?26S*ZW&6Y60[WB@]CY:H/1J%*R+AN1






M=/A

M&IK/QZZ&I.P6V9O6`&P6]T)8=UOWSPNK;UZ#7P-B*$`9,2H@SUFR8JKV27

4=VB7+*PDA4
FM#
ME=[H
WWS[
M<#6:WM0)D%^NFT[-1\Y^;<]3B+Y$EU(1-6GGD6%)U\YN`C;AD#?-HJ?=#L)

M$3L%(C/OR^CY
M]+:;(]9O;':

W^FRLK6%E3YB5RDI:


QU


MHY8@-W'9860]*?(N2I9R2[7+0]92^


X\1WX]!\%,9ZV]*7)NL$&B^]=`K3MQ-6:




M)+?$?.V2B74N#J#T+



MG@0@!8K:(WL]*=26[=6%%H5D@PK?*`=#0G5VGH;$3=JL2YUKJ%
VK&%%7YIN





MJ1NXBV38
T8K6?

VI_UM(6-_

F(5E`?U]6M_EYY


B<UG(;%FXH-RFW@0AT^.H5-D=&9MG:TL*+UV_7A)BAZ;<W<HM#B)
MHC#/JA`E)*\*57

M6B_!Z5`!N/!LQ1)JH1.T-+[7M&[V!:[.`;1]@7X.DHA6BK)VJ6(,AH++J=\
MWRT1VQC$YO:K$W#8]R+\

L)YIXQ8
1434FZL
MU:[



M64D6SV[*!F8`P=U-QHN



ZRJ;;WN2U0]%`$#'XPJ



+5.+M/X%W/


MBG[SFY].EZ.'7^:3Z=WD
_YC]*WJ;[MN%_MR-&=F?YX&WC/H
;MK:#R&#3W
M-D;BK:Y;/*]HQ?:J'O=05!K
AUF\_GLZRH)%W^RYQ;M5NJ?L^E'I#:?**GA
MW;?/&ST:9J


M`QSM_GO.?^`)=@2FUL;#_G93[:P

&F-+F!]U]T8^4M=U/TGWF&;7_:6'@;PW'Y+W_`/ZC?





IE_!]&W#\'*9Y8I#S9F%UTZ+:LP+DHM4Q5
M\)Q3FH=[-G!'ALJV2D1+RHQI*US@Z%X4CP?F:KEP85RN,`S(6ERQ38_YUH

MW]3]_TY_L:7DVNROL#C;9
D+H3E8Z0(U0&(NTM53


M9
IHX1A`BKC%0!B%.XLC';\1NC/XG'$V!Q6+B[HD=/-XYU
@-BNJ&M]G0G(J
MGS

MJ8`&CU9
[QE0=#]LJ


M%X
ZB
N]&MZ9QG.

V!@P]'^L<)87/2R[H&S9@510F5FOK+L!Z^<(V

J*J$ZJ+L?0]5OQE\FB_57W$33
MS8ADW$.'<SL#&W=M:8U%6/5FJY]YZ?4]&8]YI_;IH4RK
D
8GC\1Q=CT6T/
M):3%;



MN_5S4&WQ6_D`UB6+QF



0[RUJ@.S1Z('/T19X.&
VVZ`ZH`!@`I$58R
9\=NJ_=W-9HT)VH
M.\@ZS8\Z*G9(=S50!^R/2Y&*B;;X*+7P0)K[<](GJI`IC56]<HM;@#JT!PD
MYDI&\7UP.D/Q+HK6S2LYF.JN0M=/Z]Y#Y_FHOL\7WV5B\.O0:@#*2YTB+7(]

GDD&0.U:30HS#`



4@'_3



MSH4H`Q!6=J+P.+J%O#TM

MG+W2@2N'=T&0$G32KBAMJ(4.^F'=+%R:.+2CZ2;4+/]LT0;)DD:25`SN.\_P

M7FHT1BX3*Z*;JTA;M78UH9ZIXEX;8`'3JF[I[





V`\7%F*
M7*'@$D]@ZX4/MC



WZSXYGD%


J\
M#2:H'.L
!PN](4[GBGDQUC/J=7!K


_X]T]^H4C*D4\
ML0*K:.Z-L*S)+2)Z#2MAX%$*E.YZ)GT7
P?I?O9'14;KA6T/D%DCD69)4:



M$X(XF&-^UK)OSD[)5.K*TTI`H?_:H.AZ)+@1J7^1^HG!OB_8S!NW\3Q`?7
M?F



MM

U%1@ZJ):TY.55O6\[L/H/9H;@?

M@NGT`ONHMN6T


MK@)=/4OO
R@N&Y*Y'E1






RMM2.+6W=;*RZDEQ


9F%VZEXJ




MA0C&&:)H2M;64-%%H4BA#AINS3S^U'(T#1%\$XKK1P*%Z7AK_Z#EH+16QZ





Q`WH?'5;4
MMZKG!


_=/LZ'B)J?U-`)WWT==-N


BZOHO\U\UU73G7/8^\GSX:]$.V*2FIE(W69?!N?FFDJX-O=1Q
MO%9`F]4<]V7D1:5U\I?PNO:%W:]2=2:`5-T81K4WB2#Y('U/I^J;UL*`D1-4
MX:8=6D@QHT[Z$4]9E-+BG6]8)G_5PCI].YU6Y+T60(5]34&/OBY@J$L/LM<M
M0,K;5L*`&\J%$CO@@)%=,I4((*SLJ1;8
XK(VP6F9:AI]@



M-;R11I^QHI6E&DM9&:7!;^0*EC5D/7=D%'^WLVW.+WYKR]LCWK0V0:\*6H)
M%DT4%EPF\CEWN)[S?1LMI)[1/=?F67KV(GUHUV=!EZLUSW5^R1;V;LM%)YI



M[

4G2/.U$Q\Y\6QUH:<QBF-G@3W:5^`:#/:5B-0=5
MG)!J60J'3HWEM)Z#5Q%8-^N,,QU7/^GC*5O'04?:((A3E*M*PVAHHTT8R!
M.C@'IGK.WU.F*+'E1D^(C@)1='7*]4%3_.G6[JWQQ^%J9YIO(<P^TE6O!ZG





HVJI

M6NI2V6PRQQ%\X25SH:U;W@0'V?U`8H79.Q,[5HQ%X_U'2W(H$S%LP9NY-N





`AF
FYPJL^MI2E%N:%0S54S]+?2]2^+`Q8
PX;



MGGR:`\8

M5NBEA:13Y.





M\@54Z.#6G(FAF8B34HKU5F0+KJXF=Q7^8/N-)\+'S
8A!R\5&X
DL!OC4TIB

M@FEAC&SR?1-2OZOO/R_!W3_8QM2'X3R:39F]P50!L5AV3M%J86LIDE.R!5]\


3DJC]Q;W3F!4.YTECL+(

EA)+S]I,9[T5C:E:
M0\^^I#]%?NG_;/C:)'#A?C*OR`_N6BR1HZ\@='!'0=GP\M:BZBM6/.82F
M#G]NW$=._^]F]_
GBY^F_
E/?`^'SJL.A01DEZQ9U-K

MY`PE\?.(



6(QM1E04

A2(93/LL:!M
MQV3+E5N`$VN=


M1T@#K_![




#A


`PJC#N


I^4)^3:9R'OK-2Q/)V]U0\O'J=C7-]][W


R.M56@C1ZI

G$T$92I(:]5



MCI'#L?Q\6ME


(,$@-S
MFW(1$A4'3:=J:MV29=^,FQ,SZSC_-,.UJ\&B*0SLLLZ4=$S)HNPMF*;DO:U


!N=Z&X<!DY1KZ%O
E1DO'C^:SN\N+A?R97W2


)#OS*1BTYDU`P0INMG0LH[=)F
M*[9+G/NL.(Z?@/]


M


M[]0?Y!V#$R!4%0+:6(@0#&S:6*T)NU:_[W'GX^
\XMR'!HHIG9PIZ+&]=$;1
MU&'W=60+N&\H]A




^S#V__ZXB\MHH%.('$
MW%5[V:)`[3DU`COI!;^8[F-+N:F0+D0BD2:H-M0F_;\42IJKZ'S.:AX




5@2;^R%B;I53WCKIZ`Q3


RTAQC&C:WI)*CZ2*-CJ9








M\/IF#$&\O6XU(-=O%K]\W

Q1=S:L(RO
M[4+LBR3$/5N8'W!
H^?MFR\C/%
%=MI
G*POI&*R0\XW(/I^S[(81$&A)R)H
M^*WP\_+B_%#@+$;=ZRJF
)*X






]3U!5]V


M'N?V3%0=FX8QH;9261#`0.2*UW$H



@*DN

MW'@^P@D(.YR'L4K

_C48K
#0[)'^R/(QE4`[:%]


2
MSFL_9XG6%+JF7+:8H%VWR-F:#
8'L&93



^Z6_'Y[N?G./Q?7MQ_:'-+64[?Y<?O1A2N



D*-$.;



]!*O/[6[B:BK7Q;E\T)N;
MJ_/_O!62K__YYNW!:HHLEC;JZ



OVAT0!$'R2V?XVFXG-S?-W;:?

ANB-V29D;M:E2V30O/SI*.3S,AAO[L\J6'P3Y$$%N6UN0<=J$MFL
MBC:E0*(A:,W*E(?21&\?;Q`=\


#2.5@;;WOX2@PX0

-$0D1CUZGP5+@
M+T4&VY:E.06=&8(K

)?MRQHQ_I0
MM',J-ZU(7%V$2C2,$Z+LRSIS=+`+H9<B@BW5@:/Y%E03][YJE2N:E&PR&J=
M:5(*7XDP1H:`.PHHE@IW)&BPX%$TIJA@36(_D*A42[TWD+?OU6$%].PBOD/(



=








M8GHY66WN+1]_F5YNDUR0D#6J;-'8JA.6F&U@=)#9H'P88%U1:AN'OJ8=U]WZ
M1VP
][@Q8V-$9FV+[ZD7#1R


M/&_M41MK2[C]/-_




ME'


I]C)3GS]/+]D.SZ7PRR0?Y23$MUYOF/=D:H`K#%_*M

W0W
K_[9I









UU.4ICME=








M-@S6;/K[Y@89=`R!?*TJ6LPDO']@_C&'OJ1R_GSD^TT_L*'-&R]_?CV?S0NK










6T2=#'Y-#0SEPBA






MA=#P\/)W=[H02\@=-@[TIF/T_+#IO_[W3ZN'?1-0!:NSU&Z#8S%93(*%_(T8
MJOXIA0:]DE8X&%3X)&I6$CCPW@=1

T+-=%9M




M[

;;N@&CJIU)I\I`):FZO=YBM`*07[D+[_DY%
;N7#N$(C5;1%4A%

M;V'U'.&DIU+IT@HGHK

MPL!Q

M@CE_
#*HV#




E

O7]I'!4
MR/9MS\\.J#&

M.L



MV7-MRW'Z7;5EM





_J




9@;:A&KW.BF;J%N_\V^M;

MG[:3Y.LE?R)(Z2#_G$2A_W##Z]Z.$O_KRPUY5#O5


L?XC8QY
!+_+=@`[#Z.'T)ARRC%RP;^0J&=+X
MK/A;%OZ/G6KJ*#\[^?E+?O;D\2B
V;N[HJ6GFJZ^.1O10#3J79Z
^(71]S-1

^*5!





O83RI)!WG



A86V:9VVJ%F,V
M'KT@]ZDLV<S`X_%.*-\TO^DDTXG+P@6#!9L)VGHMJ
8-CNW))<ZLYKCT*L0ZDT98M=6X=1V-4H5XV!Z(J1B6LS?E.NYNB43LR=]?
M\??87X$'J5^8HTH-ODEIL+!A0\Q*)R*%#4F9S\)[L2@Z4PC_+R
O!96(^$=G

MFH-7!5TZ(`;$@!@\6
/7

MM135\3`@0[Q#(F_7&



MK(E8W/EDBU`4TMLPO/M$@]5NS*G4.$.HT`'--47
LMJ^FRO$M$-0_KU6$'

A:0:!X+





'B:7PI@;



MHJ.


MHGUHG\SU=+=ZKO:+/MS=O+);W;@*X\['ZCIRS^P]ZZ.\0IN*;]\FG93;)`IF
M^_Y\-KQE*=%=A8AN
;0

(93PF9811

H1:!))62Z=K8)IZ5<PE[<&O@E+
MW)&)UL086]@;V!O8&]@;V!OFF9O/%OQ5!VF!J8&I@:F!J8&IJ;QID8BP6V^

M2
?7

B0`2(`!$@8N5SFF)ZI6W\!1$@`D2`B*
D



M;K%VWN^MJUBN6K:J/+[V;=M_0
IP+@*``3``!L4XRF.'II`RP``V``#(`!
M
%BH@84:!P\[(..%W
ZO.6'ZMYJI:&KU4\SPEX`/\`$^P`?XY(`/B6@P30W$


MK/W`1






Y_X8+EG[GXDB#TI\]WDBQ?_DG^
MF/QGJ[8X.-)OZNKFODO\S\WW1,2!OP]?-WKMKN]GJJ:IF.X79LP^AT+


Q9^2'^MJMW<,?)M*G9)W(7B4RF@L_(


M6#)((FY5LM









X/'U`





+O!;1OY8EF[4Z5OVR^M?*










UDLA,!B





GPPI#\D]

8Q_!F-:)0P)1@(%MXG


MN%B);=9F$$=D1
%\2@


M]:
UB
O!^#M2)O)Q;XW$Y+N)WKE/7)N%821^@O0Z]M8ZL_L_O!N/[8L;&Z8P
WZZ8_??_NPW.I&JMHN!;A\

M_-Q/!TGC*)A=2'



#6P7Y




+J$(CQA[VFR*-@VPAYF+

.)OY1LV(TU-7'/Y:`'A)

L
ME=;-RR`
AM$N9(Q^\BEV[.I(@H#?;WZ4
&Q:+&IJ)+BBA
$T$MD18TT3CZIA
MMHQZ(_L4G6

MO`$+%Y+D+

MR-'$

MF*'WJ\X`H=B--(C@A`#1T)S)%#N&D0[

MILIM&5!4MND6&:B;?(H2'D3DE';YM&(VC'956:SA6()ZR`C=Y)/OE+6!N7)'

M$4OP8E7

MD3$


M&Q2'/?N]/?8\&MYQ/QTDC:-@=B'55
F5!^Y$HXMV^[QAMJO-^IOW@R!T6C5
MHDO'@EW,_GC_U![.1[^X)/&H[JU)2VXQ:I&
J2/)[7FFU?UZ++*GS:T=FS7



M4+GM!;OJ`5#WBB0/C4/


T+U0RJ&50SV:F9JF58


)G


$06UH8@RHUH]$T
M5=%(EZ^=M1%6U-:0IP(ZKJ_#6,D2-;2LP6($NKB2N]2`@DQSS6IDSA:8#





M']Z-Q_;%C3UB3NRRK\
??LCLX
Z'83A=YK

M8
R]P!N';

M&[2B/?N]/;$\&MYQ/QTDC:-@=B%5X\F5!^Y$HXMV^[QAMJO-^IN9U@:-[-*Q
=5&+)NX:4-KUW8[-RQ*

M^B6H9[3N_+R(9[-C


M*$N!T.5;[JL'
IPZ%=^%Z`;!3R+UDA/28;D/%=U?6&!GJQ5E%6Y+O[T7)X4*

5P9+((=EF6&J*ZC[FG1TP0E.


YZ2!MA%5:!(^)R78@H





M94O:;^GHVLT_]..):;


'KG&?S-;S*N;[+T'$B%4_)]^G3;Y!DPFY

[Y\5KF3?%


3`-\*\&
MN6



MAZ@*$8(%A:`R58B.XE[0M.J'W4V1/=).KWT2C8)84-\1&R^:XD$
6QS$T*-B










MZ80

BH`S_%*(A=AU`A8H\1^65-F0A
M\VU&'ACQZ,^D\CY-:^[;L0M/31Y]MT2]@LLH\L
-=_LV8*5NW3T5A:QEA+Q

M7A3*\%$H8BZ4:6WXY

9BHA.EH_E,0AXM!'(I$;8!%]W\N$!9LT+]9-U2
METKC\O@O\.!P^BB?

PZC&=I
^9)*
8

MD*2CTW?CJ8A!QD6)AYD3%IJ-XU!
XG1C$2TN
BY@S1/@9317`[?I@:0$OJ3V
MMC2CAM@2\M2I\&]E*H72L37IT4'1`2'K22=6\S:4+N32T)O8O2/U/97I)9%5

CV#R1L]E=1OQK3*GV8S5V$4OA@0:$!)6#W$9I/!-)W+-KZ5O_T


M`CEJ9






W$]LPRL_-Q'X6^+E54#1++N])$B=@
MIN%XU%DR4^1


8

MEF





M
VFO@'U&UL%Z'R
+Q=)0[C3VV

KK+Q7(30+R








*HV^


R;S&&XPCG



QB+7Q2[2&1F2:.NEY8UK.+W\K[@-FI7A!*

@P/)--ZQ3'UOON1[6@J47

M6:11$IZ

HFC=/CP807ND2!?[T5T?;H9-R;;;P:Z@/('S$/5:!(^J_0#U74R
M!M/86^V&90QOG3@4[!!3





DY=`5?*RM:S!QZL
M4T4IK6&_6Z*)RZ]7UZ=%0H!K'EJ_-ZX;YRGS;YWT/P#^=MJIY9B*6R23]`I&
M&


3UL#/([;1DKVJ/N5A%T7$!E#:IJ:
').C4




L=]4'+:&[;?RQU0B?A$`
M#\T2K^/`^?8@0C`',B'8;B%N4!?Q$%9!Z0+B=S97'R,?C#M/O-3K#P:H0_2:
M`AJEW=ASM:IRZ5D7`(QQ8%NGX3?T^464?.+)[SH[!6WJI:=3QN`-\<<G:Y0


;TG^SP+M
MAXECN

IZ(^5P*1!7M


P3H4HH2_N:$2C&K[=ZZ\+YRTQ'OF





4

C7^+.JZ4GTP0DLH\7064\KKV\


/1'9$
IM^49U_Z(AF^OPG4MA7#1T)43-Y\':)AB






H-H(56N7S@U6#%*N.@::FR


TVS5DLK3%LJY]_#DFKDYW4Y7+?M3]33U%2^GCM9Q
M$J8@I7'M(\P2(
DU*`VW*N?V,LX_.]I/JV+V;%HT[MJXKS2'(V@FPCE
`/
M_
SL7\=%%M`;=

3&5P*-&3%8F/24?
*AJH


NSOLM<X^]IJ=SOGY
MA1ZP/FB==?J'-&U8_8B//SY@/2^+4&/64PC'UJ]Y&D]]7=]%:5!.-D]3&6T]






M3H3!;2BH]A2+UC!E2P-8:XS%[D*)JD

MR\V[


=8[.R1%Q(AP7JV[_';Z]7\N
M;ZRO5]?_<VV=?KJPSC]_.K_\=//U].;J\Z?K@S!%%U.*5S-3%X2KU5LRRDB
M:K&'3ZA5Y0B];?
0[+C0]:@:EBK+T7`#MHKKIM8N:2V1*M5*ZW1@X;%
8Y#D



W@6F!L5
M=(S3M(EB;S`'4`C


0_R




M6&&4ALMR+ST


=RI.?I9WY^
MTWQ#/T=SX:0_/Q^M9Z#1N+[:I$CB(/V%&B9&O[EWQ_$4G@;`Z+E$U-)V'LGW


J+EV^V\PHS:





%TP73



0N74?U5TQD


M/F6.U@&.-@X2K


-*/2Y
R]%P'G%9;




S$

MRKE;0O\]1C7*4[&\&:
MM:


MUE1Z(#
CM&



MT*M1%G3&UI.62^U980:2)[)::!'@6X




`R#3#U58O40+388F-=P_;
@S+FC#9PUOI?2





MCU-XSMX$CX&Z`1(C;GR7U'M6PZE3X4AY#&5D;,9$!0(GO34D2FF&0FZ1I6






MR@%##/X=*V9]IQK@9L'N]&]D)
Y`1(LQV&T1*I1B
D$A@F9*FI*%L47@)^A#
MI_?C*2*'K;.AF$$//T()((OH^S/GBO1#X]Z`$#8!?`-H)1)(RQIY*G($RT
M\@:OP*FB9(9Z;EE;B92Z8JLPK0K2I@_$(6A+*B(0E3
2O@?5-+8!Z7M'HS*:7:9^I-9
M7E]4B-Y23`06=LG6I\4IC6X975!*XV$(2*NPZ1[3)R3ZHE7J@PJW^%(%8?32
M<L$G\P(_QO-B$(3/19`B;OM!K'%1NS4LP*6(8<W*C[?'2R-Y?-;MZ+YJH<
MVH)?H<;<C%LD



EIR?N=_('DS1=@:_X<[:)\EUNXE:L=0)<

4R8NI2?92;8Y$)F^=%E+8OJ8I;/I23A_+





MV\'_3]NWR\VNMM
HB.K(Z

[??2IO]




35+BF




*C^LRGO*HZ\MS#K,K)FME]^QG0=A-3WG/0_*^/ALK-193UY^RG



D!?\QP3[]%




MF;@R#!87$Y%.J-.1C_699:MWBUX'0W;!B?&:I?3YC(*HL;32%KCDA.5]6O





MNS(H6?_YB_FQ379KQZ3`B#0Q'%M6KMRC@+*+DK*DR+'Z[O59_Z/LKY?$`Y
MGMTKS3+/!KM

=

M=KS![B.74UBC9((VTTO7-XP_%S_B!^%



S5)QW==@)I;F-^[XWCZ'F/6Z016HM]Y)-^G_RAB*TU3

X:&36_(<PZ.M9P\`UFRC;;?F&<S
M*\7BOHAFT#=%

'?NDU6(9Q#)H4WI:GM%P




MY2$-VL8G?QC:6'\78XO-[*UE?G*7:ZBU@\'\.5/[Z53L^F!+R\Q\.Q#IM@?N

&5

&0+[U^EVZ0]W8;_4JRWK;I
7P&.:]Q

8;T`1./
Y]O?__,__M_?\F=]XY2


M:5JE5U8OD_3B\NO5/T]OKOYY:7V\^G3ZZ?SJ]%?KZM/US=???[O\='/]:LI?

887NT


M:JA:VD3NF`II


;Q./=J:&4ZG9
M7&[H)#/


6]?

A


(72
M(!
XGE%GNEW=+_L!?T%#AXF.A:






P#




Y%7E[MG4K(Z(
MJAU%M.RVN9#UH5`$FUV/F5V/9

MU+5;!EM('3IQU20'R!#(Z



M7-6.D1IY/K-CWZ[:]
$1GX
-FG;FOH9
M13KL!-[$?M=/#)5Z!@T6!T]M/U2J/)TJ^_OG3:IE7Y$_6N_JL;
V!`\NIZ*




M
$+2F09AK*;JN#[2*U+9W!.^&AXP#X
[=RP51=^&0M&S=-4`JP`4)8`_#U




MXUAG`8ZOPB?3$7R)!\I0O
P9?UWBC`BP\E8+^(\3U4;ZN/`G
M3?PHN)CUR__-[O41EJI_5@


M6R
?%/%56-7`NH=^AT/UX&W8M








MI

C(#'H\QR)SE.

PYV/!INWEB#SO&?`W'XM1CBJ@:
M?/9KLIYPKMS1H%/5'6Z


/\5B
MY

M%';6WA(A2^^5=KX-6&ZFTIH(-[3NA)=(*YA84CA3Z^OUJ27\
?SW=^LV%(`1


MPV

MY^EG?G[3?$
_`_]STI]77

1WKJ^VJ1(XB#]A6*X
M])M[=QQ/WP^'C9/FL-/O_?!A%(1C&2)W]\0\DN_3?WQ8%.OY[HN1E9QGMTO












H`J[88QSR.
8YY7)4!5QE@U1;C
MF



A

-KB?,WXPS]E9-)5^$0Y
M=JVEUMN60;FU(:!RA*E1E&;C8E\.Y1F48;LFO7V3VTGCQ)P!]@1PJD(YN]86
MF:.6GX9U`U9?C&YL?S:5]H&RR\FJ*.77[L()S-=
5T=NZ!BNN(TQ#V4@DM_

2][)5YVF'J&P38U3)Q


M8BR^F

8='='%$=,'R@NFZ8+E!=
%TP7+






ME]LL9`E_;&Q+RSU'M]K2O8C


1`_;!#U$
R.

%N(_MI-8;+



`_J$<!5E`

&4





(!YL(\.=-*YST21BC_3-PPT^N


MCE/6)2S8(X!#F15T'2`7?/F0QDXFB3\&03)+X@3S@?`G#=



GPVI-+.T1

W(577DXL@5




M420F
28Q)C$F



2WU'2%]$X3YKK![A^@.FZ8+I@NGD`K;&_1-(\IAZZE,+DPN
M3[;F'4_Q6+DR97/%_Y=.(#G^O+=5`TQ;;6;/Y0`U`5H/#8\M7S&PJHEI&NF

]R
D_Z\`KHW[DQ&

]ONH
?GD31
HWH%UO[?J]9EXWR`?F`N_Q@
M39*=*Z?E


M-VPS5B_*V

@B80_CKA?G`&





MF2
F&7;]
ETP73!=




M\/GY`006P07K

:HQIS-4:U@T*U
MC;G:\]1;@$F5$O]VY--?8TU

M'K
)9A/

<VCWFMQ=@GN[
/6Q@&
!QR3&)';L)';TN0Q?Q`
-160W



M3VHNT6?U8M+?\R5XOLNWC37P?H;QPDV&+:
M6(_0ZCLV!A*=2C]V$4FS%/PJ0I&[-H`8G;#[(;9S4Y;6VP
G..VZ)@3
2=B
M3K10XS+H




MG!'3M)&


C[T


M'=7UHSA




M]_F\`;@\:ZT2K0\/S






M[*ZYF4-
$4P13!%

$4P11Q)!31

$4P11PE150

UV<\#$Q<3%Q
7$












MY`KW)
_5%M;P&ENK-

&2@[&-S\IY3`PL8]VI!7L_
<<X0THV]I9TN
M._B


M=7L7)\-NO]_IG;3.SBX[P_Y))9B@(5\3_7BOOCT*O+'6J#Z=?_[MTKHY_?]=


MDZTV`5!&M7JAFO$D)D8U1K75J+9Q3G9-I.KZ%*$70

MGI$@B80_7N%LX:8HS^9WZ#E]34E0^;KOYBSI
(93Z!T7PZY[#7L9OM_LYA

CPKCVW


?1M['3GVQ$LP


T)X$5Z_?
ML8?=':EES
Z8G3$[8W:V1_T
4RA.S
4:CIZ='4_+HVK4:U'?I&`V!WBD!;I9



O$R\



M^E&JS




MFXM0CJTX
+.W;J-M:&LF;W#9XMUFH895'V0;N[!-O-A)&

M]6'M

M='KI2WK4ZC_Z




O7IL.7K;CJB6_3S-=1=\7_ES\
MK!^$
^&5KQV?R196P'.DY^EG?G[3?$
*6[W5XHZ^ZT9KT

^Y)51

M_E8!8/5(O]@+P=4B2X*ID:GQM6''U
C4^$K46!
'XN[[4:6*NFWY\CE3_(P#

5\ETP/3PP'0@['2=*:'XZ`'=AROA^87


@6
:K&JU!L+AEU?

MC)62BO&1:G%EICRF/*8\IKR]45['7*H54QY3'KO1MP+:#2CH3BC';FPL&Z76



@P0F?
M+YDL51F6UND9;.#T%*2J@A^'YQRO1N?]XR:EKKF.*DQ)3$G[IZ1Z3)9YV^KL
MRD)^!([/TK9K


+=Q

]NS4T%DBK
30J8MM8Y1<41)BWPL`HW!G*HW`\`4WHDDJQU)=4[L8<]8
M;4-5;IV-PNJ(G_J11


'['M@ZVAS&/XK+_)


S0*:`1*&.H
I2F@=1'

XYP+N%9%RX_'-;


D7R6&AJ
MAR9FK_8!PB49MUVAV3





LUS?P9V.DS`%SAS@&(QA


M



MV5PX







\(=9$

[KR8QGZ

M/W8==TZV&(%J'J?.Y%#.A$N8HQ%-(0$Z@7$MH)_`2XKN*O2NWBHGP+T;3]5!
MO@)R7DMI%?;]*0`QT#IIX9F;HPN3V6KG@-X8&GI.YA4D1^-$`^9)ZX-0'%]
M^,6,OG3LW/BFI`M$Y/0C@B96[_
O(7:(PU\%:Y:^^\!Z=PH#MU1@BYL*4+T



`3B














;05HJH(
I2<Y7$?<.5Q'7I&&A3:RHS




J?

M#_@[A(!(XFD0JADA:S[$%6Z6!]SY/^;9JZ?_7U^J\HG8!GP_]3#0.)F=`#

[

&F

M$Q6*AG4KMEQ'4SW9N@M]/FFZ4-H:S[WT!S(]O5[K/P91QY%*2&*4ZEDF0]
M`7O%WK[N!-X&5-*]XS1=ZT]EN2#]#]3%%T[YG9IHX::UZ.F%_M5BMD`ORT

MF9+E=_!1P(
P2&X-C54Q.Z(G5WPKMKO':2+]]]]^2J)WMT+
WU^1'G
COE^X

%41+*&T#\

MV0/6.B.!K2;%6)B8



;G0
!6@!&:+'NZVWC-$[:&IQ676KKBX*
EG$ORYYX4&


M.#5H#()OZ5A%:O%
V)$[CM0\O.(Y0-6WU\_'6CN.0L$S]XB6QNZI)L=K9U?2
MM

?



:HN!@^#RC


M$P_&[GCMR(.-YQT@&;]@W@'/-S!N+K1[BJUK&%



(?$LP:VL%L-VU2#I<E=HU1I4?9Q0?![(KRE@&*F
M



MI*HQ4KTZ2^*QA






CN:XKT
O2?1LA;)!2V[:RX3





R)F!.MAT;?

$@=
$MC#

M&ZI'`?C;DZY]8BX*N#'@N%
&\S?F;\S?=LW?VB=V?[`_':P6:&30V_!3+.#X

R9!

MENP%1/I-?H6/.7!)HPL'LULS-L^V%D(?L((+7



C].<D?%QE`(R+WA&U4'_)DI&?VC=

``LCYG2IQZD-K$H1%!'D$
RVQD'84B--W97+@A7KIU/Y6^1-H4
M8.'<X6\0VE.B,E`''#=TDED$BSN`.P`,UP'ZC(A6'1&&#P!$ZTYX24[^OLS



M!SXLPTWNOA1$:J:K:)#@S\7/^D$X$UX9LOA



\`



\FHITMO06WSL/9C
9.BX(J0EY

M-P@]@@:A_6'3[C2-Q6VX0R@;S\QJF-6L\RH


MO&UY


(
__AG`I:6ONVQ.YG(D/XZDO&]E+YJ

E


)=CAX*




PM*V$.-PQ8*OZJ$$;&Q?
\KA_?Q&=*MU
MU26%5GWO^1HMZ+/GO?/VQ6FGW6VW+KK]D_YEJM'VX*=CU6C3^P/V=RV=!%9C


M
;V\U9--'7Q00QYI-*;9%Y!;$EV(W8$U&VO8EB^5.!??;=H%?`V$
.H6

1WX+O

(B)9TD

M466.\+=`97%*K;WF#PHAOJ/TC%2[MS@
O$*W5/S.@Y;*/L73M:ZN/UCXW4?7




8J;
M8FM9G0$=)3


M/\R4Q93%E


M4#W4JAQ\&'\8?QA_&'\8?RH('W94[S0)[@B-E:PW7GOWYG!5$(7]`15@[TQB
M3&)

M:RVAUS8WO;)KX38+$2Q

MTX*G/

MU](:V(/6T

-R_H2!FI:!NQ5`IZ/]3@5

F
ME^^U*UI,W6GMIL@,V*9&_&M=@/H-'^(0W*



M*=NY\(61O

7PR+!T/]I`/
?=I_I[^`\#Q._Y9'VZ\$I$$

M)E6Y?7R/4S(/I*2N\MC&O*;$:TZ&=K_58UZS
\5G_TS&)+Q.-W2J&O'XXGM1
M



-:Z+:Y2'54K&.I$]

,=19!B#TUX56D;/=.PCW)
MN34+QM+#%I8C:8GYW'-5.W@<49&N2LTM`9,CFC%A.0#&8;#2+7)Q&U%^CCP


M1*9I%[9NB@P@=F?$ON#/B#W4\E8U)$^WGXWH0)
B4OP
7\&VG?HH^1$;NBLV

`+/NOXR_EI




G=.F^0!H5




T&[0(;V446PX(_&_21Y$P3JB:4O=A
MO@];VPKZ:V[+:.\T'_]'12&=*Q$5-)$?F]<%Q7V'VWK-_G==0+BWU\2$+9!
M?C5?X0\X-41!]J^1WH9N9DVCH^`V)D$P!LE^YSH29^B`M/9H-3`U_@U;!QZA

'P]TK2FP






Y`/9:WO2.YEW8TS[M8`]*,Y#5
M?KR+O8:$DAA6E%
84


M*Q&N:LM''
D(8K:6D[RVPF]D@$IOA7
L4G]*UCGF4Q-^\]3:Z=G-IIFY97EM
MO=;!U=@$1Z!G$LPF.)^^+C`

M)#6\^583OF=P\W-

J+@2'A_99G5N6*#/$X@*61G3RC1?$V


*E)C&9
M]B@L0#K-0#9$.$9IQ6_MHRF]IGI;DHN7\P'^SV:N[/BDRJ*&C&6KO(AM;I
M

)
_!&HH:(DLS)91V8F

M

'&GF)E2F&,]+C,Z%OJ=K^G[`?T)X*4#Z.I.U]P-T86QM;59&/]
MX?0CZ*Y-0D?Y*#&_D4(D`KM)BMM0$LPPTG=3G%R)8Y31HX
Z#8C
@;F!0\C


M)3/=A

M`Z1!I1??992B1SK3/0NSZ

M
8+W87'`:T#


M
UNO%%L_QPH`A#C]X_+/Q+W#V

M7M`E(
*:81F&JPHMXFDHI36#Q:?*-XSI0\HGYE`ER%C7EU`5ALQ!KP*

M

M)RBMR$N/3@ZNB?;GX!Z4

M20FI/9++Y=IX$ZX'B+_.Z;=^@2:NCW\L]D/B3RZ0+]380;6EB9A(5A5`D6

MS.^4:HI1@/3+Q$\+Q\&(!&93%
Z[HQ-Z`=*T#&?9&7_/T:B`-*FG7A!*Q80Z
ML*)/L0

/

81U528$0)3B(



M=`X(2L^(@G6J-`





M@9_5V2!NUO

MMFIGQD8





MHN63^&[\+IB\*RR6ZF`?

QL6_+VMIC=]QRXOM5YVS\6






N/3,!Z.W:^<9B+F_42L\(XD_
MY%$23'-.5&<%LLGTA1R[/V.-JJ$M/_(E
V[S.\(3ZV5*P4^H5Q*.BBH;U0U
M$8'W


PSV

M=2'G(19)I`V8TN=D!J7^Y[C4",WU%(1E?!6=F1G-@7*+1J!0X):TBF05C

I/*

=&YRA:DUM/!5G]2U=LH<)=U#Q0<*


9*6

0SX!W+GF*ADFN

M'17?*4

[4YD:='91UI7JCZE[JDPRZOA_G]819K^


8Z
ML93B



!K&;2JSL$+GP5$:0R$XRX=N5&QMCK#')O$?++:
M2AZX%4N1=Z7T.O80(-Z:+H&9:VG2P=HOVVF6#Q7I?RMX.8AS9\TU*O$=?3Z
MJ?L[31=7
E07]6!C?$I0@%70]9XNBM)GH6.``B8=7I)%FHHU-\ISF(MG*1W=
M1EAD%Q*1G`(;UA..S





=4!4B%K.(D3D2ZE(


M


M!@E:&5C
H

M49!9OIX[#53%&!6%88LK4%;_2

M5;(+-C0B






F7)^+JZJ!#HOHKE1E#C6F/G-:+HE
UD8Z*`WY5-M#I];G5[S;?M9KO

M4.&ATK[4BSJM04]


M






OLM3U_1YL+B0H78
M


M*\6;AI24'1:%@1&!#\CXA/1:5-`H`(=R?8:P3)LOD


ME+X9%U

M]NR8^8*MY730Z3
48YBR=74`1!FN
M=J'YI79^8'Z)_RBX5^*3U!6!5*PL@J*RY4^&?@K.LJFS0;(Z+J=OL
V$
C[
M'#T.5!;V

M;B$`A:



IO4\'/U:99!

KD)CTW
PV1%
MY(Y


^+4UO-^.%?-F?]



ML33MJI#Z'@*=N7/
:




+2.MD8


+P






[:9V=#?IG)Y=O_K[`



Y
ML`.P*HO

`]Z8EZI

??/3E93ZXGO52F`E`DL(4IR9K7UIV*#K(DU]\)M.Z

OT#C4K`]8T*VPG




M=$FM]E*^0EH=L1J!YDHV8?4Y=E
\)





M6UN^-]SS]_;]'I^O&ONL]OG64:7F.^D@


/)4:(LJ_(Y8H_J^=+


M7TWZWU:07
EH5\-J2;:]`%JK=:W4][91N7L9B!5#
=3A



0:1_/$[74CM.%).)F4@MEX9/5_.'K\\@H5VN68)LUA?4\:LO9*JP/(O


M&7:

3R(=+$:T3NSLP
MUCN$28))HO8DP;TCF2Z8+I@N=FU\'$NL^1Q^%[JC!'O




MZ8+IXACI@B-(/)7O-50[GLI7%8V0'7WLZ.


N

M0P(;/.XDXW*KZ%K5BUUXY$4I([Q_8@^Z7([!Y1BOK:TQ)SIR3G32LGL=+D]A



M$%J]0FA#N]

B!D1

4BRO;]TO&4.W9<[J+DJF]W



M=KGOR.7.S(Z9W=Y[-#&S8V;'S(Z97369G=DV4




ZMA5L.LYK6RG]H\[I/3.)D-
1MZ93;$#4+WF&&Y

M!2

M(TM:PA^;VES?_.9B


M0


Y:
M)7

Y#8OY#?
;YC?
;YC?
+_9![_IM9C-
)MA-L-L
MAM4:YC?
;YC?





FEE:/
MJ86IA:EE
VHQ%BD]#F+A=+WU0#R=!7#Z?ZOAS


6DQ:G
;`
M)
8DQB3&)

@&7G2

?]B_L7\B_G7'GL^
MLO+%S(N95P4PCYG7LT%V8JYM&3
O9E[
O)AY[;'YO+F^;\R\O%+
\*=8P/%7


M:2DXR;$E@

KB&%Q:QY$


M-=-5]#WAS\7/^G@(KWS=^$RV
!&=Y4C/T\_\_*;YAGX&CN*D/Z^XEQMW)B/K


MCT>
8XQCC&.
8XQCC&.
8XQCCJ@0XQKAM`
==



MM`B3Y/+@9,+*V-,+DPNK(PQN3YL#+V^N2RP\!!_7UI7T4LK6`.YAAO$U
M+G5])Y0B

64Q93%E/6IG#J-)K-




MA!?!&N*;Q-T$0`M^Y(YEJ-(.A0_$X\X%S66G5X7G!0[]
;+AC3O8/6TXBO&S


M3O'-$73C\NC91$73I_VLQX'T4PP)M[NEL:5!_*B0=4%!&BI&TQD'PB)?
&

M?)7X3+:P`H@C/4\_\_.;YAOZ&822D_Z\`N8W[@RH[9.\M[X&



1

MA

M9
S?LI
IL_M1


MI

M=

M-OCAR.FN)LEINX3531GM6X[DI8=X/;C(,%RLY=4#E2&^EH&.V=OJC#)L/J
M45S-I-PNZ$TO2I6C2_H:$^-K@K$2`G-]YX?BOY]59EP$9^MDKHO*U]0=6^L`







M*4+UYU9W'!%DY0'79#IZ[_A981N],V5Q:?A=%$N$9]9$+WCG`1?CF5XUN9

@%TA.E]1YOIK*);-EEKY(7B\[3480P!II)/`'7]4!@


/'R21I(17XP
UR?E

#?:VP/;6MF19OZ,4;1
M*S8ZI(TNYVUNLSSWOC+9^VHX;)PTAYU^SUP'K$[[A2VPVL,]=Z0ZJ4OG+#X?
MGZ_^^3S\?FJO
ML7;77V[!JCQDQD\6NR*)=8;(8,5DP6;P.
M6;S$Y;QKLG8+&I%G51TBF#FA&INHAT</R5M7$FR8+UL:9+)@L6!MGLF!M


M+XO9YP0PYC7
:YC7
*]A7L.\AGD-\QHVG9C%
(MA%E-3%M/N]YC'
(]A'L
\
MADTFYC7
:YC7

MA\^+#TQ6
?XP_C#^
/XP_E03/HP_C#^
/XP_C#_5A`_C#^
/X\^.X+.S^JO:

M*0Y/O8K(.18Z]JM;I])BTF+28ME%Q,8$UB-(QE%Y



J#+`JBT'9XQCC&.
JS+@*@
LQCC&.
8XQCC&N.H`CC&.
M

$$P03!`L
M)I@JFI83#!!,$&PF&J8*IXMI@8V/T!BPDF8(%A-

M%]
6TQ8++R8P)K#:$5CKQ!YV^DQ;3%M
6RR\F

M&'GG?!3.1^%\E79-[3[G283!!,$$P2+:8*I@H6$TP03!`L)I@JFJV$!/=
M-HL))@@F!833!5


M=@G`FR`6GB6B2
;+@4`CYD8'S(UQD(P\F=D;+Z:IK0'V4O+ZR]YA9!XDQEE.

M-9@)_X.U[GBKLKWNW7$\?=\=;
SZ2P12BN)X+4XL
8REN$
MF]-A!M:=\)+9./%

M/)7J:28C)B
?]_]JZL



J?R0Y,XM
MF3:E:9=@%;'VE+G
4XK'Z70N^Q+6(^^DA%&MXT4*0F?Q@M/FBKMULX]#5L]
M#X$@1X)@C_)8([#L)W$K0M9`9B\B(@.&
G\$S&OBE(Q/@7=X
&9]CEA(I]!5



M&25]O#-C]U4X
!U=@'\PE`F[X3
DS./9#(X#%$
5ANH.V=R8'EH









V0XI!R


M!S`'

/(`'G


$BR'
_.5C$`8)N];9_!
:6:-%XK$2KO*S%]
MEF]CP2[5!'ABQL3/J0B2F6*:1&H402/

M:#D0[


MABZPB=*(RSMN6A]O_\:0SID`S.)O;&/7R[95Y@N.Y6W3_Y\0[6''(]0]((
MK4$DX=K9A
LHX42KH0*`TQ`'S$!C#1&/C^E8ELLG&-?0=FT+24;#2O]&3M


^$2_$XDT*WR@&


B
.?1

C0(]

8.-T
^



IIM[L^8YA8

MDZH&T@IHD

M?+A_2#V???D5UN*@^VSI.\DKO`1+
_KE3;?Y]LDC].H-@*RA_])V+VZX+^VV
M








M];RW.PGC362



M
CDR%&)`NQ8ORA%Z;BX]

4AYYJ9N`G\R-:8+0I^8Q^*[*S8VYO
MJAT%UH`J22%K4YUC&Y/J?
DV$QP[6''V!W/O+DL
M9[HLZE_


T4(EN\IE0FU(S$[/=M67%$VHP
MB^3YEN3\V4:
3_[`U2J;?FVC5K=KA1ZY4522;J29U&0BDZQJ6E;4D!@OEW13







\N??2
*D:K


ML10915?2L%2DQ1/BWRFQ8H
MM8QLIU@QJ[*GM3TM2K3K'S-


MX@6BX
\EH]1$_=)I5GDU&\($`I)[%GEI_7BN*`9D(TJ]6&ZSQCY&\

M']*4?:UZZZDYYH^+6$^I6.@3D9WW5+(S*YNY.KWGFL?+RDTCV8L(*$($1[]7


MU[B5))'F#EN`ZP/@Q!3V1-U`PG?Z]]K='6F*LN[RJ'-T5`#ESU.#O*6=@:

5DD/(JU77


M2(6/\3B_?AN@'I0M.Y(%2B!UYLM(


M-HTLYB(+.`[4OE;GLT

M6DRC6*FB'

TIF!HPG&]O:BKO.N\O



MNYWX


M;*=GV1U]NX-
'W]Y'\ZAPMK`VAS#VCB]CM5SNK`VL#:P-K`V)5N;9H=\FQ;*
MK


M;5M-?;XH
`%
5!X3;K=O.?IRS\`$

M;Q34*4NY




O/`UO`UO[Y
MFD


0/JBK)QNLW[Z`(


N

M`BJ`BCU4]W?!M][X4Y'-4\;I'^2S)3Z=_G&7/
J'V]G[D*63*$MX.$HL)KYZ

MX7:LMKZZG\`$
%%]3-A=J]\$HP



M$X.RE96F0S5(CM4U0_7)^NKC!*M]PA?(`K*`+`+R`*R@P@\@LH`L(.O0



M!4$:)'E^%ED\F=A[TN]7-+Z1[?$5[5CJ'=]&4Y+:`XN%%]V%=
&(B:\S$28$

M\8LGB4B93QWUXZF@-KP)C^^H@X:^=./E#77;F
N75/^Q%00Y-\BYJT`
C`ZB

M4`%R[H/K'^2S)3Y!S@UR;HUE#4#.754#9_QV)`\K55QLGJ]GM755U'?^/&7
M]V&G&:P-K,TQK$V_V[):'6UUV8T??U@;6!M8F^-8FZ9E=WI6JPL2U@;6!M8
MF[*MC=/K6QU]%8B

MB^M;+LMQ;(JA4$(.F``FEIAHM2R[!V9)8`*86&+[EB.BWDF``F%O=UVU:[

M@NVRO0\`HM:`:&K+

M:X+#^]3-4'W2PV!MU#:/`UE`%I`%9`%90!:0!615$5FH/@9D`5EE''_H8M)Z
M17X('-[[I

M[


\?IMI*B!T7KUN]P@<@T91G`W4202V<E!(%\=Q--U*.76$'U!*&$92

Q$K=WIKTUB18TG&




KF`UB%]7

M_
&]!?8@.$.V'YCD\6OP0?E7\D!#





!





MO=OR+:Y5&X)]\

M3F/DZA/XO`;T0US7B'YYRQ=UIP+13I?.O.]I=7U
0-=B/6L/8Q2L4J?G::





MH6+Y(9D

R
%DL\P7J^]Q'


MAM+'B
C61D-Y@_JCX@7
PJ*4\O=YV489


M?Z.EI46?4K7Y)
F;=V,IKB!?-#JHY8$5.:IBUC(@!K_`A<H5
T
50
7*%3M0*JV
M-:%516;5\DJ^[*=]C@/64!P(V3/M-T\K[
)YLKWY.Z!

6VG=ZIT

M
+Z(0]EN`])M`%?)%0
!
4`


RX

=R]*TFUL4\((MQ
MPI!HMZVN:P



M9.E$



M=9^_;PM0%O(0$^FY'\K9B:7\*TLF7-DW-85

M68S'PDM]
L/*\%




M+R4AXJD?+GX?JUN4[Q\\/.KUZA$-1FKRO[R@(NU-&L*#)-I?362+N:K0VR79





S:D+`+\_\+
I-=&;LPH

M%%9D%









$38L#PHS1?VSF$Q8)B3*(_.TQFQ;/E
M



ZYYM&W:N
M!'J#&ZTOAA*H0TK.!PA&J$=F&9MEUGXUS!






NT7C4:^.]NE)I-I$+V0%4J0`[*X4KAI

MKKM*

/9#M/5&*@H5.%:%J'

M%_T^]/M68+.E:NW.T9BKV=A#K[#L%8:DRF99!9EO@LRG*CH@!QUN$X5H_%*N





M\TFQS!/6&4




:)IJ\RN@W!1

C=P







')*LA#E878<824</1!_D'^.6XA-X%.G-69
M]-IW`EHX657NR8
?AM2C4;*W'B4Z)3^((:_#+'M[&9#!GCEZVV:MG\#J=L


MPR'Y0Y-]+^S;BN/X/JNUH%S28_E_*.ODO4+_[LDHBHD2$S=PDL0?`;UJ:W91


18^BJ






6&\I1O:[Z55[
+D%R0A

TNN'AQG^O[6'1


T-+WU=^N?N^&%XGOP@^.F5_9-K]7I6[JM



'D2[T+B-Q*C3#[ZO?S:
(HG

-\D$Z61K



MD&ZAY6;+]HT`.T#;LV]/N02[CP*OR#'5^)UQ0%9#5MO


_@S-25

M1?;=(:Z[0=%D$H7TA33[AA9G3N
L29413!2C8M6C&L=D$^F%KD8$HYPR'%'
M[`US*NH+8XFM8W4X=92\CR


^G2-F^&Z
Z&:

_S2L6P
^/)$G?

M5(G)@Y_`.`@]`YZ.V6AOYR$51H;K9W?LA`]$H5N[?D+K*+Q3OHU2`G.A.%7S

MW?-'(\):&(_B:




GY:MA=DD&O`;/

M(6';AX`&&^B^!96@O0=6,WOS@L=?2^.*9NSB91?]7KA\E.2_@L=1^6+=9@



Y5D\+5;JEU76905E!&%%S`D



0J@QOJ


90=W9@:YRP[:

.-




MU)F1ML&OQ2VB]&%ZIMV-GU8PMWZLXEL:O&7'_IH&7JJFER2R\1987KUD^H
MAAH


M:*+P#X:X49P)Q(XHSJKMU[54HZZ8!4HSE&:22C
IW`@Y1%T=I*QC9Q3
NJXF




$_)^]N'#
N!?QUV.-[T*#6UE`'*'D%71.+W=W;?C
MNB9+3WE3EH&*/4%)RJK(;$6OC[D?V=;X?_:NM+=M9-E^G@'F/S0
!
\78!RN


MCL.:-?@&?%





M[L)\-*W+6\Q:77_Z=$&^BJ;U1
$
UB0J

M-!8@!H@I!C&DLMY=%6)O8!A3L;_B]X3&Y/0V96S
W8LG_F!S0]#*'2?I$\%`

MEC:`'0




MHE)GB_K^24_W12-@:1-&O3T'C+JUC]]LS-Q.M6^P(5O!E/
B'RY7C4%W2LV*
MFL^R(QBP+T[B-YA=.+&HI2@BAA^ARU,6W)?_YD08GV@LL5UBC3)M@09835
M7N

DT2BMQ#.`PY!89Q3N/;L&PS5B9/#NDNJR(P
M:;GJ)J6B#;.G.59/UJVK\BSWS32KYXFK1;#@@=;Q@*
9OK0=B:H\RWUYH
*`
M;U?K=O(@7ZZAU;@VZ7%LS/0SF16R\


M(&G1?''Y56G!*B@;.RC4/

MW;A=)SF-GMU6!%=R[1`6BT=J#M:S$*FI9//:`R_'T!P?L5I]L5KC0[6EVO9I

XU:7M
RAT
M<33;PE8;Q$F;_<\98
P)P%-TWLR3-([F@X0**WWY33?0#49`B6%+%5[P.7Z
MFH
50`1*VY63)7?EGAMNO\H.M?FPB`@-`O[@M^I`T5[/T-;


\






@86J^@P551$A;C
W@-H5;E+(CZ#12FB19GK(\


7IK





MLI'/U8CQ$Y7]?/AW





^(W34T0G&7L[?_'N9TIZO.[%..Z1
MUGHKP_

ZU;Z_QH^\\78S



M8

`V8!DQ3-=/XEK0%!.6?
M_;Y

M-@(]H0$'P.'!0'B`@X30HBLKR*=!7M`TI!&)DBQC&3F^I6&\^?)\-T?=F+;6







M.XT*)@K^%E00
_P.M8;5B@D4NJ?9?J]RF:CR]
5QV`:DX+HYN*;U7..;FNEA

$Z&ZT1D93E11J39FWN$MJL75M
MP2S-MS'+K`:#TS*#W%Y$&#W-]J3U#@$D`(G&0P*](X$+X`*XJ#KXZ,I:\SE_
M+PUOM%C)B



Y7MZ'*;R[=`[%XF_
M+B


8@(1`0B`A&M)2)7=T!$LC?LHHIQ4;JH8EPZ


M1C0.&+D:

;/<`#8&&





6J!I4

MDM\9B9(


M\[#/AF'
!K
E^B\1C;-^F`51DA4IRZ[Y_9Y%2?#MXV^__O)^U=%I^)WFX7?V


`^3^)*&Z=\T*MC#N;G
8R'8






M.Q6+O
)X
POU_
R=`L8X?=



J$-@XH!T;/7E0:S2B

M)IK@QHP-







US)R'JM6D:M+JZ[NN:N@5

`#\/(!U3#`P](',O;FSNFL:C'W
VEC9DJYT)




MQ(T$@`O@@JSYXG'G(QK?EAGSE&4L_2XZ-::DB$5_QMN8?W=0)I[7BO;`J?(;

+&Q^0AX
M.;C_JE`T4*62?<[Y9](BJ!?ZQK<S1M=/_(,+4!5U0GI,49^@F]`T3MR#Q#0
M!#0!S4K+7/:68+?C`RWLL2WT?@`X3K):50-4T.U$%2B`F?^TR64H;2+$=B

R;+'!M651'R&CENY6TW8BY-


Y(
G];?[_*C?1:P\0U+'P

M&!-&@Y&X!W%;


T&9.D2
F$Q5E9=\3/D8@OD$F2Y2G+PY0)O223B



TT\
&

MP]YKQF:V!7J



!?-

MQX


MXS(YJ9LQ3[
H+NM.U&65TX+$:5'F5;/AQ`NX$LE7.D1S!['T:=]H\K1ZG*_9
M6[7MZ7?*/Y@&3`.FV4=I?-

H


M.SW[7
USN!%5YP-/`!?`A5TD0`P0`\0`


`2
M8V!A7W

@MQF2TM\`)XS-AT`?80$49$&!`#Q``Q0`P0@P6IYIZ+
M\O[O
)S%)3OW/S0BC

*2C+F$%\W35=0B(8\:=0/H'X`N``N@`O@@I

M;T7IMIT*N``N@
LN;MWK

VD\=+P

'ORP47_G[L3-/9$Q39+%=]X=Z4?-

I[2@GR@7\GG;!H^0NTTS*_C='Z1855FRP_FVM)\\C6.RAOV



U16!T^US.5E%[06]I0@QH

M!J8-^`9\`[[I-M_`M



/Z)=SK[;YS.\ERRGZ



`%



AB@HR:[8

7P`5P`5QP
F(]G5M3OG[8J8`+X`*X[.+6O2[#JX0^
M^?V5URLWD
0I/;FAC7P






M&



ED


MU8[W]6GC24PC$M])DX2-.&L!LJ=2TB:B6-Y0
LF2I.E1\'+[V$WO&-/@YM/@



M#L
\_\:N5@VL5.G&BXHBUCX&:4(Z_:/==F@5V@/MX:(]LH[7@E(IK%0'IZ2=




M'%DSU
:[Z#$I%NK-N\0


I^



38:A.0SB^N'$I+T`0$D1W(
MIZTR3HMQ5)15M9IRZ^;4B2W_3:6DPM:_R!8=3XA&%F40[2F:0[`-$I4Z$I%

-KPN0W;[3W[_




M1O8(TEK.G^GDW='YJ.XZ\;O]Q^7HB
01^R`





X
M9'-%[XY\_=5:#GS(QHL#C;:/\UKY09%-G54/YS(V1E'VH4WM@]4GK?Z._7#5

*M)CK+(D(U<IFE<64-S=9-QM(D+$LBP8A
MLB9I9`V$!D);7W_A65K`;_0MZ`QT!CH#G1W

[%7@]
M6RQV2]






M
V``GM[WQPVSZ93FXY@M4I



M^\)3?7CJ6H[G!+JI!Y9^/AJXYXMQA.:9[3K=+SP]3=.*&6_3.XG61:=)5E\2
M$RJ)F%3))
+14@<:+;)!.OA(A3`\(*M.'6


M_OG9T)1^1]S
F
ID6








MT+W]0LLRF0\`2+*B(
?789QN8VEW..R//+HM[Q


MGN'K
F2W_^3WGWC]R^NJ.+D.P]F;+^
;&E4)_3CY0


W
M[-_M/RY'1R2.V`?AN#PY.[







H#5



/-3UQG7O!
MD3;/$W#TK'&T\?(+QL

2





L:HY6J!E](
MD\:ZSA#,H9YG4\\`P4`P$*P6@CF603U'7TK#KA-,PTZEUMN)_Q;?HBMU4;L


P1SJ6L;M&=[(!@(!H+503#3]ZBG;X=+YPG6

M9-#4(K`T:J&$@:IQ\@!_@!_AITG$PSV53IPJS@BFY
E'C_:PZ&65U.Z=U`*E'J&E&+,I)Z+$,4&
MA5.U/OJ^J=*EY;





U

SQW`]^YW#S@S;L9CM
MFK;\?6:=6L;YT=M[W;


3Q])DW1\91
M>2UA&\RNGRZ/$




YM

S*2@;:!MH&W:MLVQZ?V_J[9I_0+8[B+\-4OS7)TA

MY#C5*4L5&!@E03H2A!=%%O4GU9;_(B6?/IV3M2*MZ9
6^+WVE_SH49K(VM/@




6?E0L+'Q_GQ#3!9.F


L1SZZCI/I(



M(+%KSV#:@E-@]B)A][KL\%&6X^1]8&T?6/LB@C31%BP-L`%L:\!V-8PR8`U8

MBAV@^Z?@&P?^M1XJG'X@WPVY?S#[OD43_=7KY/2#%
)SE/PIP2\2T0XV)A




M_4EU&D&1DD^?SAN8J&+^*TA'HS21M:?!UV$:AR)#'&.3E&5WCBJV+6I[O=K!

M7K5


M8DZ(S5-;@1`@Q#

M0VV0'-NKAKKC]=67$ZSS#E\P\PL\`L
`O



!B\WSRNPKGE/POR#]BV0X*])7D2#VU6?NF4+R]0*0B)(

A'S
M0MXHTO+1?#@IPO0F40V1+2

_.)Y

MY]X[_B?#?F)Y-Q(SJWQ6`,DYVZK@FM\.`22/V=XD0]SZ.NOA/U&]__JAPB

MS/.IH^\$HL;W/[0-M`VTS6&TC4=9CU$3R5DV)DU+EL#VE9S[D+JF8[JXN\=E
M
6;(.12.D`

M$K-REFE3S\0!O#H\$PURCNJ4I0K^BY(@'0GR4N4V^@G9N1O9Y^W5FATZQ
JG
M#(%[VDP/L`OL6BCG^-2TD3T8[`*[ZI@*]*AOXGA3L`OLJB




_5WR*;R^CA=!Q./WR4!E2^D_*^4%*YD\_B




FK:VO:J


/&0Z(
M`^*`N.8+[GEOW+LOM`U_K=C


\3

MVMITP0%Q0!P0UWS!M65/T-ZVC2^

1$-;E=]ZI8M

QNCLM#_LXPGUR*44,M(+(I9+DZ#3#(

/%
MBF+R[YDH)EE`IX/I4#(4





2J






OJ]A^-<G
Q^/$@1





MA4Y5CUI`
!!LCF#





M9:*U`N

M/)R[
2M^\]!PV2?BB3\_\W[/6.O_Q?F#?]_(+1KX*12


8*!**Z.






L&/Y0F-GR(4Y(=ANDQ`]2+XS3/!&4W`DBOGMA









M9Q'=3@[







M06W\'J/


Q?+_WX=0T


MGKS6V5=T%8Q$2B[$'1G$(_YSZ9VY/`PBL7]_K#4SC3=/R5DN.
U`QQ.R!XDJ




EYF=-U/'($4_
MY.-4'$[_.'HJ](^//[OF_)BR8+Z81[#$LG7Y3._W+/?-0C\T[Q'O+V1K7K?M



M@#@@#H@#XH`X(`Z&@^%T
APT;AW#U3Z:4L'LMA_*UU.$I
@P3LAIG%]GPSQ\






MFP8LM

%SM@FD:

`^
ML`_T9R?VP1E#:U=AON1R2D?Z_G_S-!N)JJHPHS0XHGK;E4$@#H@#XH`X(`Z(




-0]DN(7B-9S0S#ZUBP`!0DV65:4Y'+KP8=Q

MN!8;#AJWCN%P6






MB=





M_'



6F6NR
MR%0E/V4C%]+%%B!




M=$(Z_D[2.`Q\\G]&^5\5MGP]^O/




M.
=@%=JU@IPZCIE-]/6RP^QJ(;L88]0R0*]*!]L-
M&U/WARH'T]=!D_9[1YU&4Y@`B5`B8?(KDM=HP=*@!*@Q#1EUZ1=6UER05
H


LR3@_

2M^\]!P
MV2?BB3\_\W[/6.O_Q?F#?]_(+1KX*12


8*!**Z.20?GK#?QG'5%

MC?0_/\_
\S]@


;1_?6W



MWZNZTLPU&9Y2HG*E4C5
=;_7\+I]2O8FK_X(\B^S06VUX9+`OGE4H2%4&Q



YR


&0\$`@PC&W$FLBWERR1J]^YM?/VO6S
MEN^Q#2+OMQ+W:]^(\&DEX%;VXT8X739M9@JV))X],S'V$%K;




M/U68!@G#;7&8@:__P-4;H9&G[!J3L3)B?JVIL?\7;

M\GTZ:G.


I2X*&5V]UO&XKMQ;0


MI



N1P^PBM0^*I*$GVS*XCQ/L9!:-`40K`H2J&1
5#KZ$/\0

M(G@5`:]ZS^OX!*_#A4&J;Q.^7#/SRL$+;

M#AMWT5^\&-YJ`F^%*L7&V;DYF

[X%Q?=R\[5Q:N_W]F%58I^
MD1-AV&_BEEVK;]?H*W<'LE8G(U=)VZ_4?]N#1\VW69EF_^=FD0.9WGMM/N(
9!$?28-FW`9)_`/GG`K80K)6.KP;
HUS%CB
M@H0V+%$LDA.9P%\%NU03D$`SITY[#;_[%B_`T`'
PJ*QQBY!UL&@L*!$C&^
M@`$U=!2`D?A`1C+!+W&)B\E&,Q:*1.@)SJ;&OLSN#'I9)I(%1L@`
P19L*U

M(WSDM

YG0)CG
?ASS`W0-;H4IED?REWV;N\O'QWWKJZ:O2;



7Z63@35M$L8WB`3F(8R?RWS_TJJU
M-[
#GK1R







C;)W

MI4$WHY(`K0Q78:!Q:;-9Y6]IA
I-VQ$REEDC6((FPI0[&T:EB4G@.3@MD#8Q


MAW^KK/=_'@0IN!UVDUV!-1056HQ%;#!J_1'TXO%MU_T;]Q0DH8`=JBA2M]8P

R_YRBYDG7G7=L&^!0E3JZMRF3)&
M!_.1SR@$\IK29GKP4P9ZN#+@KOS:6F?70*!\W7HN99#49^/D@6]\//J8V/D
MC6@=*'C-8F!GF04BBK)K?GQ5?V4_FRF(T^SS_N':1A)
G:3Y&FBYE^X-!C[
MS:T

CZ^:






M-7'HR7
H:6OBSS+SYU[:FASNY\9WV@7T_D5/[W^@#E(*C6@@,WW),0.+\0.
M(Z1*1Q_B'^*?)].GR.K!A^V(DLG9`FD'AN(D8SC+`EX)KA^2726OJ9??A5(








I%-W+]:T$
MNU+JT@'
&9*A)$-?KGS%RQ.S$DQ7M%M'`K(2`K(L[%@-&5@:
6=-Q58)9!V]
M)2%A5QEA5PG%7`U)6`UK






M[S&:%6(RC=1




M&
ZUR&&)@N]
&KDZXVI19_SYO7-R:T9#

Z
F2D6

M
2D`CV:W2O_!4*5.#;N5R1@)$8G`ICX.N





CH<.TZ?8Q0;-F]-1:U2%QMQWEF


6AJU


P:4UAB:38E]P^VZW-KFMO#=
M]K5



2




Y<:DDVD6XBS2=LL%5C\TY^N-!Y
K;?
M6/D%='
P0=4]3+75JJ$P@9:#I0Y'56RY\ZGTK;%_\)B/G);.)



M:&MCI.\P
AI:M;$0CO3/;(%/BF3`
WL.GF]MK
M]N7Z]H\!#.CJ[OKKY7`E\\'7P=7%R-V]\_1Z#Z7V=MN\C)/?1%09NT=?L^^
MUD%QL%?-YDH0FEO0_ZSG
^X]6$[421X&;G(A6BJ55Z+(7U.!
'$Y`*9`^-P7



%0

MR%;4

MB$2




M68A0-W

M(J%7=4_LTU9^ZQ

RPGE86WM)

0)B)-1)IH



M!UI.])V


/1U]^^M8QFBO4C[9!FU#5R9H:HAG$!X^0:P4\&X

4K9^G%K#1B&#W


M(*@U`5

9L`AUC2I1*HTBY*IP)/SIH27I_A=YB

M[$H\LEMWQITS]AK)UB62'RTSF)[VNYLX8JNNS^8W;Y?+AC%NX_Z\L8`C1[_B


HAL1`%!53%G^CE


(5A?5RQZJ_O;A2^W\Y?V?'SB?


MP./#O+N`W@H_;02$=Y8MV+RZ]&7(3J]_VK_YWYXQP3+H##_+-ZWN[TAOKH






MQI;5XWYH1RM0X/_

I<.#[0CBAPV^
M3]YQ@_U;Q$T1JYCCOE\)N8.Y+-0-P22TTV<J<*L9REWE;NAEWH#XKA%43^#*
MY\B]QNQ1I&N^%K<YBJ
P



&

L#PCG/D!D@G&)%H_=8IAO`)4RB
MX^)C$\(@(_P.
9('!%XJ*\ZI@LOQKL]!7THB8P28AHC9.`N\;7]/T=Q($7






W5F
V)YY

M
M
C`Q-#$R


^'G^EUI=;,4YZ)I+G\]/+R^OO[EJZEFOY35^2%.$G)X3_5H
MB_@O=-<,Q4<HQ8BDOWRMW8L#Z'11M^_:OGKU_C@F_;79-DZ54H=+G][W[3.

]U=7

Y//%_*.^63;?N5?=^(_;UU8SH#7]
M(+(6-7@Q%X/-5WH6XZ:SP_F<:N

MS^5`GH0C75^\G97779!]DGY


WW8
MCMBSDTM?+3.XOFKT(X

R=[F!3BO
M7



M:01!QD*OE7EK03F`?

6F!`42P@ZPRQO'PJ.=Z=I..8Q\MQK11I[O6P[[_NYV
M:1OEL/(]Z-1K'WP%@3$\[A]J#L!YK/[=/GQ7UO7;JIS?+NTL(.Q]J




V[T^^6K^





MQ%G
+SO8G
'?



_\1
UX''?QDWPCQVO;(GX\&\:I?\=K6I[!J-(N[91
M[2)6M.OC(J8TH,:0T+RT#;C/7,_BMIV2RF#OF/D/I]Z.]-UO;RT(T[AN/4%
M9NYBOEB:TV5R]
U!SBCD[C`
\=I1D&GE:[:1#2`9N##G[TSH798*J/G\JHV$







IMF&UIL@O*WM05A`%_OXB
M?7%P[?/SBV;YXRT'7=D?]/O;VQU7+0[KZ*8B1P0YW/R./EYA.8%.E/O$%Q!X






5*26D2\


MQY5`*2



AAQ9CW20J5(




M9
X:!VD:110\+4KB(@Y$:BG$9ZF'H
UQP=-^*C!-

M&M.D-@


M)@SVB&
B2$H9#3]-X77X0LBPP$WBE;[Y
N
Z:15RHE1@GK=<\M

M!*

B#W%A'PORE*A)$H:
L@JE

MAF?BC62W_5_?X=+&E;=CD#&L`37ND+




MNK(Y?Y2EN\YG3^WM:4

T;F1*#9?8&V-[!IA3E@QV








ET:U1
IUD=O5S=

G%TD?)\M2#MZ;*(ZPD`)0U0H%20P*(64)L5(`WCM;)C2B^HPU
2(IHC8)R)+$

AR0L&L



7]1+G

)GR;,E$X<U]HCP;5$A*8,4:$A`A2&)T(H[G3/O&N:?2Q[
M\&V#H+C'E#<D5<W.U:`-C#)('E(B6

=[#QG'R'I(/0*&F2RI2KS&
MEOBDY]+7?JM#.X_X(_YL%$BG=G/QP





M+EP?/B`S@40F)\Q$84P.M_T$OA%7!L*RV9N8]W=_N
FB*')OO[C%YZ
R:'^!
M#B6[T%0A7B25[)9H

M\.W3PLV6+A0P_^XFL[(U_CY#`3R=_&^*1QAS236=-%R&DT:G=P!]YJ@UA@#
M*$8TC88$92IO]L6HAE??1!H8U9;SY/=\4
N;@GKAUZKV?W'1;J;K.Z.[4*G



'6)LKZH4Z7F\%;K5R_GZU#$!Y5
MJ;??=%*(31U8(+T()GP$'&-;
%*24\JS2=Z(]Q%MP'9!4S^9)E[]+Z#.CX
M'G!NT2Y1[1
G#JA9.PHE5-X(E\!P#HBCR5!2&]W@ASBZ'1#(D52:DHAG?6'Z

6&0=MRRM(QFA6A!%F
M:^VM-F%AQ]-G!D%W'.:M5;`'R+;/0$[%ASZWDLZ;P(A?W[BA%4HT5Y`40]QE
MSBYS4IXG57)



M%_UE










SYTVNT'AC
O90T4Z
M'%
TY1$]HD1`:X$-%M_IS'&

II`9M<P1.B!+<H[Y!*SU/&RG?O5X@](%/\RO9*SWE+JZK$YPE:YD
H0E!@

M&K59(*B&*WK3-ZQ]3-]Q1EP)5\W-RO

M*1%M













M9Y@`F;P`IG#;MYYZQ[7405?*S#8O[1H1LCG*-\S=2Q)X]M5$1R6GCE@%B08)

YR`S8;



9&!ES&2QT`=0Y0-+

M/UNN%D4VOYVZR=W2S6*Y$#L8XN*R2CJ=F36*E!=UFH-36D'0.6^6E[&)&E%Y

M/8VVFBNQ&YDQEQZ&'B[?:9F95B)=EZ#$$R#S,(#2=9I'X--N3)$=-O+EY:\
MN0J^(9WW]WG05D2+'-.K]J\\4S5YIFYF+LYP_[NBUBXE)[6Q%+(BN-(\,^T


MZ2BTX$Z#$TR!-VB'Y!`8$*

MB453P9!#)3L18\R.95#

Z5'Z%I2

MSV!QMFKVEN/E.ZEPH5!E@.`H2Y)T`66'!AML9`$5
$FN3QWUJFG3.X`M3Q/7





ZLQ'
M930:-9DA&P*:.2=]2UHB\7RFWNP



[(]F^51UVBKZFVT\PE*[R#Z%$%



4R;X!DWM!\._NMT'A]
M,/XF_FMUVN6_IKI.*FIR1%(3@1T+IZI/$407E(K@C':5H8N:Q
XXX8(V0.V







4$TB)..9C%1QE)..+Q]$]!?A
M
WL1U$N-?L<V#Y_5P[@'O7ZSV,TGFM
MFXJ3!O.@]S]SX<[G6?D

.
MY
*6F[PQ$R_R.B\$4O`I.HA4YQ4_D&CRBD]1=G3KK1:'7IDX3R-$*PN@4ACR
M.;

C')!G.P8=E@M:/[U
;
C\A/EYI';E8XM
M-BI8YUT




!)3J9


MV.^P^'[$+5$_Y


;]]!5Q5+7]J-GXSGKI9=ZS1*(@I-7@B17`





MD



M5F.3\M8(!\J(DHLKTTQ+F_^(WE$ID0I^=MW/(U/=.JN?.I?]AYO`M(RE&AKE





9@2%8%($SX+F44?C8\?M9O@JH56VF[Y@JT*;^;S]H\2H
M7+7+7]J-7Z?-_.F




M??OE^VV^^7+[\^@9:&S;:V#)=2_3NMBI^K1*8G/SRO9B_.Y%*IT4+^9N2
MOZI?Y^6VPFYAYVS]X[:HJOM]#=4E05!$)Q5OVZ+%LF^@E(H./OCP\5-98W3

MHL#I_&:U7

'9'8M'K-<O;VE%JUDC(59-<WY:B$N[SZ*



MLD?KF\2:+1]S\2#20G8&YW)ZLQ1]41^6-[^OC[31ZQ!S2X?15Y-]OJZT8\
M#**]*;/9EX=L


JX12$[YVE8VC
M[!B@]A-F7(OG
/)R5:H


MQQ2FCLVYDPQ3F)];SSKYH])!S[WVIN3\
KT6

@#$E/5:=6\M:FK`=SZ78I.[
M1
S/4SDDW=2_MHR#?:*QI%U[$+Z2[(*/IGKWW]RU!U6DLVJE\K!V];70?2
<?+<9M(_6







'?LTP?)'$NGY[YD\Z3;[DZM[QA?YU#^.Q7S&M8B3B]O%\G]
MNF5((5T6#\9X]?@68G*.FRV3F82S6CYVZ'.TOV=\W;=+A3N@+N\450;]HN-+


G0H^LY*:/GH7X43K-TKA;5Y]NN5HZX7&V/W2\LJ7%





]!AAF#8JX,+:I;+%Y_=HL\?8C_-\NIVH70,+_H(4*`&(`




MINGOSX6X6RTNDKMCN]=:U(X(]&`8`%_._1GG'D(LJ'L_:GEAOXUKXZ?!AGN$
M?F

MV-L/0AL1BW)LU
AO9R\WMX^\X7W?O=':M]]WN/]Y



9S56AG_I*RQ9%Q/.V<#U39+T8<_CE#TX8_(YHAC



L236
N
'JC[/

TC+O6E&Z6RQB#%`,+-@Z-BAQ6V'U@:A=HCZ
M38=:9
YP`!CT




5Q



*)Y#D


M
\L*_4W2C`84TWZI`NV;*XPP-



]7O##=*[]VO/V\'R$8$!=SQB0:D@]SU
?;]N^@&B/0]C



M-Y('O&'09






M;_BB
\W93U/&&MM=&D.S'PM'1.KC.]#W






MH

M(L\&[G9;HVU/\.**(=;=2]`@2TR(JFG%.V_`T&!FKO)L)H2:TV[N5#N^T'.H




CHYL#LV#P80)!4S5FG$K/+*[UPBMLFTG:3RW@K#9![A

?]61U?Z0#/:<&:[OTND..HN</
Y;J;-607QX
4&&`E082Z;B;D!!C


J[)/@4T
9XJR:%K)2/:I=T=ZU`(J_.LT!2
M9+C?W*R_K3?7$EO_X5/7P?FAW_4=P7$C306BH;MR@@7(=C*[R!(
_![BY'(

.:/



?\R637!&?(]_A0L-91P@&G,EJG7E/?7W;2*`0TG1D&2L'




M!X;IN2;!(FP5(5H)CX'!E$KKF(=22-DD&SEK(*=V^M@-U5./!^H49!Y;(AD1


FD!:E7O)6



6]!D)C;9RFR+3RQJFR6$*Y
M\^3H49=/L\ME1JU

F[QG?F
:`J+8BNES6C

HH
MO#?8RA[F760IG&H6(

[58;PYQ
M!OGHFVJQV/RQWQ)8ISOQ6)WK[7JU7%6S)B?(8Y.])YOZ6=7RSLRGC?]B44W3



Z!Z&/A1#EB;!SV;6][58IZ7F+`)3#PEK#'11*
M



M\1A+8A!$ABJZ6U8)2SO.+A#=GI$.0$J080F$/?15KK7]PT&9PS)HVT08X:



MQ#TVEM3L`
)Z)

'^?OZ]5Z
6O.S3MZGT^_

G74W6ASK0(


MK=@O\\6W7]*Y9O[D;OJ.V]%FJ/891W?P6QW#YWH^;VI[]K#`1?SWUKAM;V_?

RY/?8FB:Y`]CB&
;B#5/CPX'PGRT

*66'U@$Z380WRE%


M8VS)CMR?P9K1G7V.G2SC(
ER?](]'U?5[0V!.Z:X-A`!@624%WE$6]DAT:46



?




M
C;A$X4LGM%S(@VOH3B!DSBQ;14(8LA`KB)D0'.M@*=X*Z


H+:'CY4QX


M[/6F=Y?=F3O=

W&



]B71ZR9S


ST
M0\T_6&5=0%N-A]GTV%5W<Y]!/;M?+ZL;X3Y<-=RWWR\<:A7&\:90%1`6U_`
MYURS







42HAVLKJ

BASG2VPO_9;8CC/3H3''6X*BUAD-A34HFLN`8V'X=H!(
MZ?N[E^]

:;Q%&


;H;5;=O)XO!Y'X4O_7]

M?4!&
6:UA0PS1X4T7#EPU.V:*?I[JX\#0AR+9FS_DFCS$E9[Q%`%%(X@S#
MURAHRRDN9:P=CFGL5)VO8Z=S8=7;Z

[


M$47'.&)-


SUB]6R?48:XA'`$@J%#+8<M'8FQ[#M#.+S&&B!6R:5(**?CH




S
MOQ$D@P@A`9A&GG)#%:5T@V%]5U0IP^!@/%))JNR-5BH+=&^#F=82/1V]\?F[
MYP+4V$D$N/!($1G7-$705GANTU)2B@4D%5/]ZXRE
S`LL5%
Q^59LLEMG5'1



[`5


DPV0A!J4%IQ[.4O_
MVNA\EC9*TGKUSY]Q91E-[G/P]O7[@X)44\JE%W$\4\

MQ#P3[OY-J
^W!DYG=]6HOMWDYF+3ZY[.!&6!4


:QPHQI'
M-.2%&'BAF+#6M)CF0K1$N

MLQ/MM6/$65C]O-SH77!4_RA1G@KU'CA.J8-QBT)1/SP;J

Z:6ZW;WK








O_J][
M_'YO-?=S_)[8QR0E%8I$HTK$O]7EN/M_NQ23LLOF;'S96/W[SZO^[Q^URB
M9-[/P7M*!T-4G`8(HN!IYXSOJUE6'










M)P(;A4$W&%(`:3**M1(;ZE,BX3+=J_C92AR%F0E!-G.1


M

M#E*N!3*

M4/V?OPX6_Y@NQ[=O'QX'P\76?;YQG)_.CB
O#
9()KQWHBXRZRW02)L&&4)4

M1:N[8//VI-Y!3891

(ELPF:;CR]:Y$\\./#P3*IF6;20F*!

)O
4IEEG.XFBV








XS8K





=`;P[!I


M!$A(88S9YR1%D-@K:T-0:YE7G!LL/CWJ!SGPS1*+::+OOP6O0*F2+@4@=`

2K)
M
2

(KG


-FMH-N']YOR




M;AY8*6FX&\OU'9/'#O

UT[:1N




N<%CL:IZ\6\V3
MKOFRF%47V&@7/2,`80R57#!G-2#$40/((3C@?5YX5/P`5MN0,(VQ2^F^I-NU
M'Q:;CVG\C]4/S^=SGNH2*&98*,]4!`MAR`FMIZ=A30OM^#R`

MM+?*[SO?
CXY9UCNA
K/P/?D=/4U:;Z*

MW0&$)L([UZ)FZKC'/GHDNA






K*/



*#&
M%Y6;

OS'$:O!X1L[I:ME
E?@R
59*

M/K

T6#%IOH6@@Y0Y)SBN%N7Y?R@X$Y:!B?;!L

S[3
MTANL:%1?;/6%1P9ESU/]=S?D'EV43[8-6''H

G;RQ_LD/.0
MUGL77$91ET_*'AT.\^SKLQ]N4S;%I_@OVZ_GU.D%CPD


MG1EBE


!H
DY'GE$PGQ9;!_6Y=OJ]]5L71:;4MU%8^(N^H[[





;I!P4/
4=.0L*-


4LZ)T`+X.$FI'$DE\7#F



G


MKZ4%7FA.F?`*$X$
8IS[PQ2B%3J2EAZ7T:'@Z97AOBZCY1$.822ASC-@B5(L


MJOQ@;!#L]L)G`QN+[ZY[LS]:YPH`1DSA%@C02K^@6I!]%2QO(I@Z6H]LAD


@?K94D9Q<I@0SET\7
4\7\`U[.77D[L
M
IIAQ:0WF

M66YO%IL_4P%T$U&*KUP7NSM@KO#*:R:0/AM)&MZK%CFDISL%0XFT`J1B2=%@

V

Y4H#ZXTQB(L:(DET
MYDGC8?-BNK+=)#S=

M33=UIC\B&R6D%\Q^=DF97)+-=`5D?



QE9*86!D8%;8OHGP@+
$'@L76KZPYS[
@




H0FUH


M)P;8(_/JE'G6-2+:8KZ*

$
MTN\1O'_)G]Z[


MN`Q!=)A05-2#@BT!N5:GAEZ.*7)LWX3)T69R..J\KQ5?@VP'FSOVE4XD^_


MQ;3AP#



M$.1U50M`J#F#$$.B3Q\2Q^D%8*
5H#]W

UF^#

AXMPY'$&*
M\+%H`(O65[SN


M

ME'J`G%3'BAGNL
L\B;^
M)#^/+P!D)Z&@T\$Z$2X)Z



!Z.4L_UL9HFK:0.JZHU





^IC=^VLUV^^T1



JBHSTQC(*C28::(2
M2CA*B?



_O6_UD[FRP5_


M6(JMU0Q;(01`$'/($YB2B;&X.T$M;FL:]5*+VPWGRZNP]
QK)B3RQ$)-J



SY!!:G'')\AD4;A!:G$5=%!JHZ#'AA/J


48[&Z?I)$




MZ_EKH'UOZKF











M


5@:YG4*''..



MCJ
J89$D/
BG.1;!^X.(/



M2*UR8=67@!)/(%:

3H6-6
M(G&4&9QN`J960NO+C30.K

M8QU\:4Q$LC&4
!?3E[&UUKKV9>P&T!AT&*

M^-YR17AA^8!.0YPWP6
+6^^N
W

N20H1R-MA+J-7


MHD;C'M

P1%`676`RBQ5]/
M



:B;54KHIN2

M1`U`#`C;(N`L%=
]9PPLX?12




1*




*





M21D%HC@V@*K]E`8DNB^'W?_1JX.`#
V1C7N&/'8MN+OH
N22(0L'!W5,($)_XZQ(TAHHH7E`/M+'I2
M556SND+A1<<(93C<[Z[NPC&`2L815PJ*\W!1&`VR&`M4Z\2V_@(($A!7DP
MUWM0G;KW3\X2_W87)O=X\L_HG5SL;85Q%+)/`9<

D
15C

!E\:
=!,.H3]GM[]UL%88BK!A##OI*%#0\G;.T(X7??\H!(]










M97JQBZ2=OU[I)%#M'$+(

M:@0\$H3W]+:WBYM.B;UX*F@C+

6M
GMS+:SC&HMS'4NSBNF\T!(D8W^
M^

`


M\.68Y@$KCHAD2F


M@@
M@J3.6X8A=H0B8C2@3N^W3^S35H314@1&D_\P\(P6;7?HA-EOG_I=@ZB\


MY;8^+XCJ:`$/$D1U&F37%D0UGDW?DL;A18%GW&LN@'!F!YN2MO\KO)X0JZ
)


_5FS])MTTO'X')ERU33\?
M`29ETR?62^XH]TY#V&S)3
!VL`[PB56*.`?MXVSZI^&1S:8/E%:0`.+CCB4T

M21DGC`W=+P*18&D)IJ/50QCN.SL/AXLX.!EUE@MF%+2*$Z`8

M-GU1G0W%!2

M
ML+HU=3F;KWU9KIX/J%,+.*9IT,!@S.2V'@_0#!-%4#L!:T&:_I8[S.54852C
M@I0@Y4_%7Q_OBWJ^O%-W=5EV%B7L?#Y`+%@<*P+82\MQT:KUL73'/RF:YD8
M1IY#(9

MD]JG[]6Q4ML_&CR7WL0!40^



RQ@

\/[3&M
M'=F;U6KSHUKOBU/O27T$8RG31$+(..64%\NT%P!++!/K$?W8@/TN*8]&





MR[IN+K_Z2ZU6Y1&+QPF]!!=5/D^MU@Q@2ZF'!ND6`Q#_
2W_Y*AL&0^V'-3Y




MK0#':$K1='@U#)X3XMFVTMU+9T8ZS7[J+A#-



)LQH;L



^R`P!Y8:[+E'3%`-
:+M

M%B`TL2(MV4@Q!%@Y2+_AZ.LD/VSQ\+B!`F-:1(^(@I%']:14?%_?7B5T'
MG$WD9V40])/OOYM4&7_M_[KPP$HCY$F34XWLYH`@\A^1LRSM
C5T73`;%(_
5@:3[0HKE$V_L8<4@UD#@%Y,0J_V63^#D@9=+R'\IZ_?@^
MPK-(8M*R4.#0?<2W]4L`($9T*RIF&BX]Y`JUFK.WNK$4FRC%3[)1H4!
4NP

MM*`I'FX5\:K1=2UMST4^0I#FC!JM1
KH)
F



UV]!'`RR+




)U
[Z
M'(++A?DR6]T4Y9O5I]6FF-TN?Q37:G[_


K

M$Z@1HFHL#Z$5T682@C*RPX$SHG+UQSKY^+T\0M_/6A\0TBQ9R%^C'5BI)HOU



J7@(851\E%3L9(*Z8RQ]78CD9
3


MZ


=QQ:GF;]&6KX<.K:J<]T&#L0;H*)9!;P%@FE#5)W9
MI8B



M[83&2Y;OY#23



$

P*KPVB;T7IOL7)1/$O5[/-]RW`





^+)2K2%_`[NHN2%)=9GIXV18'Z3_B'?_Q(_G47EP@\E\F/

OR/^=MI^=

MU4W/4A1;
:/04*%BN-Z

MNT;Z5P((O(7UM
__O3V:L3N[SE\WU-@4*YC\L[BJ=Q&.-2C3.45F7[DU/R


W$=W@QY\+:D$#%/(
MEW&2S735-O3`CGQ+LSW-2U3U5I+5AC8O)K1L_AQ5:


6_2C
\


!]R@0UKH+XTV9]O
+XE\.B.!/Q%*<YPQWWYR


=3=2===PV^0I


M9MEVM#%LNKVGE

MZ3E^N\4&_Z-'@P(&HZTCA8L6I3`=8Z68
TY(9%=


W%C7
2!1_0S

IM`4US;
#:&E^
MX/C1!D$8*3J_&`TR*WLFEN(!20
1%/A_!^G2

J4+RXS+8O1E%G5J![

?_^S/43[&D


S_2;







4O




=$B



_+

8**-@3T

E
MGBATUEGA:3+9=XIYFN@ESE=O35/M3&=M^0SN7O9-9P'J^$D[R;W]@'L]SJNP



M
V_B:.ZY^'$
?AF7*_80^_)Z

8:'`DN:`NT19T?1H1;INA?8:AB$@1LJMJ6H
M

M*TT]

10/T6010V;



M^N6%TJEC$^`=.*#!
W+RMX^2CHQO$(
32?.&^9`+;%*


*




MPMHRG

M+3BH&XPO8(^!2/)@[YTV;52KOK[MC5;M?K;E3'/JJD.QCEFK7$%I`A4Z
!))





MLUM/4!TQA:11&\5D@].X+!P

'*4

G6:ADCYL:+*#`8`8')&E5PQN#IE`K(L+.NRC3'6).

R;`L@S1)LH

S:KW1D;


(BI)
M_
!IY/J1/GKZ

T^(JDX=:[Q:29OGG*TZA^*%T7'SS]]

*-CF8;GY+]F9-/!A?9Q3IN#9ASUT





/PP
MC-TTZY$@SQ/*P35@WOB/.N`=ZP#TL?JGJH5CY@%=UL-N$$/LD[
?]B0DB#
M


;I6YG&Y.Y02*6KZC!H.DLQ!%&EF.?C\`);X+I
M()AW(VMF;D4WHX[PSJP!(&

=H)4RWT

M
5*X^PJNZJ+\ODL/=5WLUL\W=;YKZ'2MVGW-RQV-8OZUJXM\6_Y5;%9DUN_9
EW`%T3,S[U4,-&3WN.T1D`MBG18;CSG5GT1)B<


ME4Z60SZ)FX$\
6T;LY9RL68FG?E=7J82F=6(7(CVJ+;B=?*R#E)$SLH59`*[


MI%
S]P(--X




E71$[%E7.U&8)1%38A$6373


T;D
M71)2T2
FY-4CNQN9#@SEZ`$;K8&?63_NR_4]_1-BJKTHBGQ#_L!.(FT.17N#




%XR$H#
E3C[')B-1A





MDRYL


MYZ&LB_YF-W8Y'-AMANOA5C&
?-^E-R`&=ARGR(X![!%X*!3


M



M)272'




M@DCH[
2QVR
('0=IV*.7
3O''GU7:_[=[25CNTN?$ZY[5TDKU\9WDQ:[A:1E
MZXC;%PO12Q
+[('#\?KTUMDD

%/4#L^P$

M/3RJ9


R

M*$N!&

51AGW'3J&?N'UHAS(;INH!EHBU$V35

M




M'`@A\'$29!#%


3*B@;R^&3
&&]B
M6C501G'
7N'N2


MG$877C`Q*0URGU&'23AORU4J4`#_[2J^$[CEZOBL:K9;7%]S.)&X+816[F




M0N%-G6\*:^BZ=!_S8G]?U*-.+)H29]1+G%'*0MPC&+V
_-+C)@I*D9^Q4VFM


MMVI7]R]AWI0-&V)6*$UL%0$H9W!P'6@AW$'D/P32R9#Y7AE9U1U^U@/[0I

M_PB7-0`C41N!)BWN*NP*RO9
Q(H)LARG9A7W8Z)XM%0#S4M321U-^DC_M-$E
V0*5U








ZR+!8KO(T


M``'D3


MH!SA#3W=
M*P

GW1)(:)1!/P=^F.0!3$G?0L#0!5



M\C_E:K%1U&\C-[9Y

V#M[TFL*G?;&K[_DB%\
NV@&EMRCS

BY-_V55W?QGX8,TK







MFJIU;YHF:3F6TFMF-Q'724QE`5)C7+5




43RNA56]0PDJ-.:_H$:$\,G::IV@

)/6F`YPC9ZNK]L^J
/

M3IXQYX%P-NZ\:






M%\D:ESR?'EJ*?2]K^IUKQ#VYV17['\TF\SUW#O\ON:.XI(=W.QZBRYJKG+&$

0CTKE'?.Q3?M?KQ+.1!N1WD

MKI%MK0N+Q)%=L!-0G.V&Y()[I/;8%Y\'/8_&XMCN9;6UYLK3^_N2!]TL02!*



MW'E=[

UO#V)/

S#'=:XP0@=TU
MU\T2SZVX4+
^W3CBP&-ZT3YYGQ[3:Y6@OEPT[YU@/I8KN_?GCN3JYIJ)XYHP


M&H@A87R#][0O/Y7?#YB;_==M'J2`T9`&/LA3E@'B^T$O.TISJG)$8T2@Y;.6
M/]'W^DG[\.[C[]_]-![XN4W[W/Z_M,'].G=S?N/RCUQ34`LQV.SHZM&9\_4
M\X1^WE%![_^%BEZCX_S==-_&;83=C,+N

M_\`%7YZK\N.7LCPTLQ(WNX=V(!8`*8N2)$T9SV-HGH6$$
BPCV&4!Q%4NHQL
M1*!ERA

1-IIJ
M165TA6DSSDE#'9Q$+$I2`@F$:&8HG!@MQS$@1[?*`B8D6VF=,72`T^5:SA


X


MQ9+-B_:RP/4P+\&GN8_3(*



Y
G!GA1P.H.L)\)BR1GAVC


M)SU:F0:L+
G
K9'
MO;0S'R7\5-

MAM+4+8PCB(
1*18=<6AY$JP^A)L<XQU]7NH:WXK+F*)YV'[ZK]
MOOI;W#4I]GOQMJ6I!2F3CR:XLO1C$55-`N(@'E6Z.CT1/1YUS4Y)9V$:):5I



K14-

8A



YN7HZG%@&I*+J%1.?_+36S'41Z$9B6B8ARE`
M/L11GF8H(HW0@
$0YTJ/DJ=)LGV#&;W[X/T;77^FWA\4??S\@?Y!WW]2G?
R


MM=P$N!&01KXJ$]`Z\DT9



+C]5N[O
M*JUA!&_]M

8PR1#U12?83BH#F-N9\HRC*!]]IYCZUZ_U)]M#\12+ER[(P8JG'W
M`%^GV54W



IOC1?`66^3G#^[B^D5S9W+PY?2N^N:_]5-\[]UU\2UNMMN'HJV

Q%\CR0G)^DO@^SF&&^^8<8<U5B%F000DI!&$_(@/0$SGR0T6X[

Q3RD.`(L3U'-O'*92
XWL2+9/


G4!N)IBK#
7+U6#6N)]KC#5W=?




HU@PD+`T');$T2B;[







5
M5!U1-%HK$`#%P_-OU\OIVCQ
)1UL`'G?)

M\/)+56[+_OR+35]#RC4S.-GSL1=&:98'41QY89HC9I#90VD4%5$2%_]JF3$
M]HS]\UYY1RO]%*@4!/S



B(6'@IPAY



YFQ<%WFQ5@)_]]GK*P00HS-MN7/MMD,\QCM
M-)$Q9<MIEN:QFZ<DR4D2!JZ'IVU9-]RX2Q6R8AAYO:^<<Z.WAU
S4EP0TW.
MRZ2UIB2
N'

M3Q9A&!



M7)/L
M




M`FM

9
M01V921\T!R6:V35@Z?[N\[99[9;=QPT;#WV0ZHC#W!4Y#Z)\\Q%D8^\T
MH




M4S+RL-58*(:Y*ZRL$(#UE]/L2&P@Q)-(-B6GT'KAV!_P=.S`;G]2OQM&290F
M84#2
UZU_6Y3M_GJIMW:P4]S*<$P6$<:.LP4Y-(Z+*)<21@CFW]K/

M?'.6@W
RI\!):W@9W3;$@U'[6_NB&;V9N*LMJ&=M43Y1#`G\*H:^@S(JAQ

XCG44PQ3\!#BD8[8I)!(&IQ./MD+1W3`VC
M*)
M

ZKA


MXEVO-+
@ON:0&G

M5ZZ=GO9*F3-0
!%PFU













M-T[3^\M/#'X:X^IOI:V&^S^:QT?V8=LUR[]NG$T?


Q_G:[*_6=(:(^)GY@\\.[IS#J)P^K/ZD?1[8]*T^M)F7-N#T
M_7F7NMP;[$/!\0/W^S/_^




M5?6C;O/PA)CM?IY)RUDQ@@(*]9/J\L^N\]


JRG4*?YZHA19&3Z^D$


`8AHN
MD




MT-=:K2QW7#T#QCYAL0X#
WS-

R5?&\]*@*L?;@H8M1^/\LWU%YK

MO



FIAT$4%




M'MZ\G


M$FSS19]1*F[/5\_`^2[+9I``1(]DOB6PMKKPVLO;%Q^ZL'/_5T9P3/0Z-W


RW61;Z^J




5N)FZP4)BT&SFOZSW

MCY




HF-4PE5.@5@X-]&8XGD&$IMNW)
ML&FBIY1ACOT'D&&.TK`
J_CL!Y9A)3
-R+`ZK;9D6$A1;W.MP)8?7W/=BR_
MY1JVJ(TBDA











MD,0)_M<+@KMX=/DNP5:F#A*L#4P,3'*^
MD+3?J$F5O2XJJ7L;5JS:%OK&LX?';?7$1%,Q25&(L;B--_5B%WHQZIM'L4R






M
'NP%.)%^PBM*1BWBB==&%;@<6.UX9&%K)5:
:VRWZ$5!1-ON(#L
MY%SBW,V92V.V'LDQIX'HXDR$E=Y.&^I22&KIHN:C1@7?[.
(E-6@*4HOKI



D/O0O3)D#&5C1ZH?9CW:B=J!?LG

`

M$*24A)E'293&?6DI25&B=$N)RN=.

MO_NLH@Y12QKYJM!?&_M:YJLLDXG]%ETC80(CWXT\/X`I1C@.H./TC61\BJ4R
,<VG-E/3;+`@*LFP%762
MH&U`LTR2OA`E




M_9;_7[4CV[RNFR)3['B9X^`



MHUD28C]T@B!

MXV=%&JUHTP!'`^)D@MF%J)



I2TP;3*4N0(L1



SY1(




M5(U
/E8\O6'[HBWS@)O6;J



E#
M(OTG*^[N]VR#O[!=?L=.&_1^K\76%))OUP=Q`KN\X[![Y3B#_P(]#GT2$=_C
M*39
2!H&/N[5W4V#
%[Q9FXJF5WLP*M(A;G]FEI1L;[:_7`U?ELKZ3=N@%

0G)D[$
15PLNBNX[\;OL%H;:_











-Y;M3OW)R9`?Q=K0F6W@W=

_0%G?G/






X;U6KLGT=0



M-B8+@8/L$33[HU+)9%&8

MG





MZ7&V@YP[2(

M1G]?5^OKF^OA\KTWY??]NWJCOG+UX5NY^5K^KK!^WBU8CGF*$Q`SE(-80I)`


M129Q*B!*

E5FJ_K-(XDS/(4QHA+!5

M+$)STX5V!/%7J57)QASNXMOO%*:Q&?YR6Q-@[:::LUE:Y%=2$1+;*4BP(F



ME!62`I#A6`)7F2(9X4


N=



:=UVRLGEOI\FHX39=&NO/BO

C-\FJ1)CE!

M))-:&S;LOSY5'N]0J7IW%36X+%*Z(6OZN=T?899)7ILKA_G^#@EG$K\=80%H

MU&J

M5%$+*U*XC+7F#5=L?!)F)5:&'#E3_ND7!2

M1B;V_)T7D$FH
]


MR95RQ:KB(8(A)@D5A1R



MI


M;##:Y
:;AU.X[D@R4*ZW-Y\VZPNYJ9?[199+B1%.DCP1LLAPQI.#$26:S$RH

V#AQR@6X.%X5C'ULHT




MK!`XE3S)!2CB.!
0M@]692GG%&NM2$^/RK.V#8Y$]64WV_GKIP9G=.Q
=.Q-


\P^G07U
_3[6J6XG
$T3A*989YJNQ!.AAA::QUQ,ONRYZS0-?%
M&S31QP:/J8`;TJ0GPOX8,A-2`W*\:.`='D[HF!U?@6B1)?C:19,QK4BMI>H6
M7K5ZJ]I8
Q:G,!4HXSU6`45F](C6+`!]C\'__Z89
M0O:U2(?)N

Q
M$+D;Z43MLFF-$YP_J_5^]^[]G[U1#%D




MB4[D`HDX9D62(

']B)L].K

XB3C0*:

?66UYF2RSC@I<`)E5UMO+<GWL`D@!SD26(\Y%CB50



M6NW@I.U*;5FMS-9HGYF&AKC(IML*7KQ^6A

M65QP3/(

N.^YNH?[KJ

M)-SH_K[GXY7GBN1HNWC`!8GSIC)W03)G*PFU(+F_]_RG*T@
&T4`F]C=-=P7


N




M\!X




LT8:H/-

M/\M#PLL88JKM
)9CB7!H!R`%


,?EM7
MY6OU=[M%!E%!:0I3`N<4B+3)!UP9*DTVHSJW+AGA3E[Y&3W*AI`1Q\;V%&+
MV^T9'YN@Z$G5K/$P$S
/H9CA--!#2D^HHK?H!**;_OPS.C0TFDA][545(*U6

M;#-N:L9

NSN^*R]*9?+3IMR]



E))'1

S/V8IL[MML$
S5[I\2
@)A1C!7B`Z

M
M2
4$@B5R8?=FS4GRH]\M-=-&!B98M-$/A
M,&1*3S/\D62XICZK4.AJA!U;@<B#)?C:18,Q7_G\4F[W/]ZJ-K*G57N1VI=F
MBJ\I7@!.$&`HC;.,YU+&&47#N7DI&#(<UX\RY;VN'M]BKXT^-KQ?3D@?!55







-:GW
MD(\3$C&O$#D8HP'M;.69HC=77UH;^+Y:@`H2Q%F#$@F2`0\)2H
G2P!@B2



V'\&TCW7[TB`WG?4[ZYU&L!TE3%QO%F]USHGT

M=MR(



!6!0BN(QB!\Y(+#]H=T(WDFHN-Z..Q


M!.E_J7ZBB0TTP34+XO\RDAS05E6)M2##/!WC:V\&\N'CUFG(BI%HRY;%8S9;

MJV%Z-%9R28R6IW96QIPWZ]SR&$
VCX1@QL)YNU#&J$WRF0%^+K\7/%]YP3_S
MW9PP$H0N90F*DA@1!P41;4N+'29UL(]B$;9[F(?
H-/%$P.N3!97JA9*YE7V


MR
9QD4!*QEQD4#TUN'V9?[Z?XP21!
]N4.+E0JPG#8TFMXV?&IWKZDY*)8S6#=/#@.JOEE)
<Q)OXO9-$JJ^B6Y9E]M3RZOG;6B`X5JB*(&U[Q6C4I[-R8-(T
MU=(.G+-NG4&5*9]'0BUCX;S;#&/2)@-35=?=M6N
)I'C10'O;?D0AJGC
*=+
Q'T+JA;'G4I\$


7






K:L%()6HK'AQLNFZHXR&G73W.#B:
83E881




V(WQH8LVBT


M$$:


]/H8

MZ$FVR1YX7Y
#O?BVR?_3(GWU6KCT6AE-D\5Z\GVZ*T?S-\JN0*4-_%)I&VK1
MX`6SSJZ-









$=ZT%%R9X


+&MI=0*WKL5IY_3J=JOVQGKQV5!_Z^`\.3A_/;3SNOVE7FI`

/-B4O










MI


M]$=Y#)3.YQGUXZ!UF

M]PB

Z0H%'O3`T$






MT'-\E`9)XCOM
1.


MDI/7Q6*SFQ9EMIMM%ZL
;U8WU=3K7;;
\A_5%




M[(Y&;FB`HI0EGNM61_JB@(6XEA4@A_%V1^I
`



O=K(G*9BR6PS4`_@LQ^-.


H
?



+\:!YE3'\+0\UGB




ES!4M]![J'#+!=F7^6
\U;&MUH-B`)_X3RKOA#=JN2CK;?AOD
M7BL5W'7N5Q\TV^L'!^''3DIAT4%C!:2)F*[B$QC!FH`]Y;%M\V^7^RU30K

%Z:&9%@'



3Z&





MNL@1NLM#CTG#[UKW*$'+8%Z!EZ+I^X.4X*=JS;UTU/1M.E;(8S*:*S.5W$

WT6R**NKUZ







U&


N[8*E)0OEU1*GB!NJ1IO!Z53Q^[UMBFV





ME@9'WN[;T$2-05WU]V4ZUW3=SOZK7R^*YM5YB19@)+45SB8!AZ:C+8R\

M;&[*EZ*A%J?NX&.]&F*$W`A#EX0DAID?N&D\VB/(03&/3BH;
;TVWV.C
]8!

M'D89:OCWL);;EKWV&[Z(78ZPD884Y-X@N(\)DX&(;/I89A/$`MUOQ@];5L


1',<3C]`1$PP-1LWKIE'Z

6.]-G+Z
&
(%5
M[RVJ%A@^;5TP(F+R^L%IJJ


M=OOR$N\





(#B#M4.!3XL1%5I)XNW54
MUBD^J52BC%L-Q_7\?CO4]?VG;4=':77W5/8[I=I5F$8D)
1Q0M_)'3]`49P&
MA&#B16'J0T=
!A6-F=\R?X1O.F



'H#!A9F%5HWO




=#QMJ!P;\MO748Y_'.%4P]2.MY)PYB
M/\@SE&8AR=S

M#QJ?G-L4+S%=/PZ5V*'V/WH?`'

V8

$:QDV#L



M3U:7BX)@C:XW`//W87O+Y1EA-1
32Y35D'

3[_NZ:8NG




M:OG-JL!:FN#HOS


ZBXKUEK1+A4TG%#

EH^O_VE;=8/=Z.UD-



MF7`9+D&*?4*NZ`]7$2Y-E*J85U^G))([#H$XB0






M*PLM9*M)O^C;4#4JK99_&7^X$H`T45PIX.:Q:
JL:
L-VR%9;MOAO&O3L`:@












M#M6V^J;!^T*F
K9=.HI]WA1

MYL01]DG@.8&IN\`
P;%\$//56[U^-7BOAZD6$A/0A36.G
)*7KT[(I[[VEU]

W
LH95`JLK?L?B5_\EL%RO*46TN@VB498LYPH6HN^]8$:97[C:JOFD



MWA35@@1734R%F5^^4(J[(BZDO1(IYWORUUWE/TK[U4KCSW7=USH910BF$'
M0^*%U



M#!/7'TVZ'G9UI%#.TNS:=S4-S!ZAGOQ)TJJB=_;XU!






!.^($[/BN4
VP@.].C`!$]%&S3Y?%U0YZ-23EB7Q**XTL['

!I@
M%$+HQM2-G#3$?D9H/!B-HH!XHJJL;\FR
J?\ML
:C!#!@!$

[6-'B.9
_U2;/FKL)_S9O?S
M:Y-7;5_DNTU^'O^DR]IB3%QDPA![$+?\5(7P1$!\J-(+H5JT+#U[,6`'20



Q3Y*
M$LODF;




DHG`6&U#5N#G)4=

M3]F`904\X`(C

M0VVP-VC6#7M?5L6[77'?KD*/W]288D1A$-(4

=)YL


R2N?`MO+UCP5A\343IDJ79W[
:J7+7`*_HCIFRI1$IE(9A17FR]\TVQ+?SP455NL7#_R@HRP
M&6.$*4XH
&8]B1.'*62M;R5;
@

L6Z%QP.*'H\X*9N0/TDO2B=0U0B4S1%
M:)M%R0V19TD^C@P
P&9/\)T@YVS^3H?



M=V

JMO0K?JR+




C%OD]3B*($AF'FQ!$.?!\*7TNO^GA[


J:8H%XNT




M@5G^.PM.Z^U^PWYYLM`


G


I\

D^V_)B?H0SAN@K4!7='&&=/Y1
CKIH7@Z_)*DNTC2*[KG9


IJB0V
MR5.4E!'2

RH\GG8O1&UX]GPF.$&&$%RNJF*&\KLF\:
M?MSF:Y-7+5^[U]7;O*SXUDI;MCO?,U_K%*0Q1CDK%_+DF3`#G)$+G5A!







MZB5'K.AH%.9WB2--'/RY421)@?`(^9^BO+W;%1O\O6CRV^+CGM]'_.GF^BYG

J._&*79=#*$_C=0PH9%4T07CQBW/5$:\(.\!@[9#VIU*

'R5NCA@B.\5R`M

M
2!+


MF?JZJ
JZ^:UJB_6^*38?ZUW1?JJ*P:!'(


ML!



M
#+OVO
`98D^]95%OZQIGZQK

R)

SC


2C`A=NRZV,)!
M:+6.*+9@$OI)(N(09&68]P-(X_:N-))\E#\'B,),OPC\Q$A]#AREN5P23UXB
MOV#[!'^KHK40VE8VH]0[B%1)^DO^H]S^R*MAU1!';FJ'KA\&O@,=.XKBA(H-
MPQ#%]-]<ARMUR;H1:0]::F,?48@E6=P@NGK8_.;`*M*[08#UTKP`T-)\_QH,
M$=Z7A'&I_]KSC4_H`23O#]@BX73'6_7=B/;H4['1S?=^T@M=@&1$0%T=A


(_'?._FJH(ST4]7<VF#\_QOE#@W\5]0I!#P8X];!M
MA;:=.#9TXV'3/[:1V*6SLD(

,FPVCK,Z9J%Y*0B,T'Z9!0!Q
;'ZE#]EVV37%
U+FZ3RO=`.`DI$









ML4A@(R^&@T!

ME5T$08S%MQ/
@:NRK]!J=;P[[(9;#*_PX=QKD
-T(6MO#89
[#ZH0
.?B3IY




#67&9
M?@V/RMV;3`N8/&NSY;2P#@3H/QS+B?-L^90Y=_*CSNZALWJ'#\]5?E3UN3=
MRUS4S'=R

M-2C[UID(T-Y





K`#:WV^)K]M$+LUO+;IDNG/G7
M#F:[<9EK\



K7W+V/`&EQO=5

M;9Z/VB[S$
ME

#/YUX%*:9]^S.OF[S0J






M]`J#4XU!J[+B20%Y^*][JYLAKRD/M4#0U8Y?S`*^YN
5




M\XT8ALLD'$$;IAE'!A!NRF%)3KS;L+_8#MZ/;
N*\7!#LJIZ*79/[7
$*[K$
MA#'RZ9\6CCU+,N&7FJ'R4IB0CGY7-Z99JO?&-I_VRWH=1#_Y$?-9UY.G'!
M-3&_]
*]D`FGV:C2Y`@5G)+MZQ+9PS9/R^HKE?RUK1%JBKSN:S%7D-!%3!RC

R%TI]&@TM2X%'[E
M9IU39J62ZS_S9A`61B@,_!EV*)KJP2GT+
'8;[O1R)7&
A)
)Q^_E9EFQQD






8'RT%U`18&Z#:7&N2Q\U=]C







MN9NC2C







M=

H9]PGM-
2!BX+(

`F2'*;2L
+(C


M'`*7


FF

M0VI9I#9B].6.WOCP:@PML5H3K.S22#AA)/UPHZN9OOJYY


M'$



M@BMS_6]TH2R



AVGG_&S(
M?=N:(XQ-7


IE%$$$[2




(H9Y'%

I20



1&2%Q-=3-<Y]<_]E-RH)MR

MTS1)^Z@ADSDY+B2-THP`G@#

M2)A
XQAV&CB
LM2
BP<W%]#(KY<4QDA&56L5.CTQ(9&27=
MYG:`E1X
U9F_0+M&U%!PD(L8L9CB$.*$O-;*(*AI-49]G%
M0@RR[=[4&&


D4




$L
M)I@D''&69#BFF!(:XU#K@F8G`3U3NM+8'4&^+_
BZ(4&7QNI1^J]1[_5:#RX


NUI+`*R99N*@)LH\FV=.L$;81:#NI5]RO39*
M!5@6]HZ-4S:I'

OS6OX+1!JU.H608E+,4IVD*!2!M4$@RJ'7?CETDS^QIQ54W
M#P:UPF!/HBF!++U5(]%PMNH1J=5EY*:?]Z^/&76$4&X,'@FI'7S\N5KAQ8I
P`07<'N'(*&`B3.%8Q(A'!/%.
MA0!QJ$


M



.R




M


(X1A!A
M#%&6E*UNPOO&%J.T[X-_RE?SHCK&9[51:\5

M-E\N*TR5#=)3_76#'^;RIEU'

ANMFX))22=%5


Z]8]T&4\



PQ#(&`F4
M
)(FC(JH4P1!DGE&M:H

MM':F]I@V

7=SO6-UC\^V++.?SSX\B:5@



MW.L)YI4@12:[L_
X=\_BHRNV[JR]/(NUL^*^7HJJ*]JX+'XF3=GJV^]Y\%2L
MZOT=Q4.P*?]W-B^EK_(2@L%=OODCSY?UC_.^4%Z
.NNF;=9.]P8/[?!FW0]O

MN
O9H%UQ;+C3!J7\(5OEL_FF.J&&0BP1#U
A`0$R25BK(@K+?T+W`Q*-X-['
M'!4E[ALQ'ABO8[

YYVIEAPV*)UW1%R3[`S8:FRBQ2K#
MBQ-/ZK=N+I=?EJORY]^6U3EXY0=IOLP?*ED


YE1$!-4
Y:!Z\N^VHV@L;=ZK'C/B7#EMR
MW+C`WA&LS7

4\!A*A*$:$($U+J!U32&5I4SN&KU^N/OO]Z*FP\!



M!:*JXRYPZ
%JUS`\[?$92-AH
N:@INWO@H*Z.6DQT
@P90+V(66QXL7V;O.P








`(0AH$E$
*(D:84`



).8TXEICH4-A'?

'XW`6CAV
_

9O/Z/:7ZB()*8W5Z3?OZ
M4HG)


24PS&);-`Y192`E&:1A'G19(1.2%S'H2S@7FY@R!5J4?
M*FN6A5




4@0MBO/`^\-82TCT;<6ON_W%JCEVG\Z(7.




`V]4)
M;&FO-7!:A\FSX+G)=;GR-4.Y




[?R]N$G+


M;OM#.[AKVL&*_[Y8('EUG^^


E[OFM[B\K7I8X

M]
O5]YND3&E2I;NO;?FD+
4=[(V4YL:IXZ5^01Q2R_0#YKEAA`
:(:_=*^'X
MO*L42)UQJ*]T4$
(W[75BQ9\(.)T'4A3J
GOM]O#Y:V&-8H'EWG#UR@V&LE&
MI]DX%=W=G&=(72


/=A_2)[4[;YJ=/*W+^*15]_


TS=.KK`:.





Z)9\
O%J<[EX



M5HR;63J3?X_+B2M5U2DY@2=%7G%%8G9ZYT19WF2;[-DSQ,Q_HVF9P=$GBJC
MY;W@


M0?0




MAM



3;)1C

3@Q:XJE1]\!:I\LX@

8
MNAI]32[V]([W$WM7Q#0I-P?XIC8:*V&=XDH5.A_@$4E9SLU]MM`04^3X
4%^



QJ_LAF/`
D


;TTW;G:CEN?
M766I.-NIUVJT8L')VV1G9;.X.4V%IG-G)HK;[86\7QM]*X+@FRX.9GNJ(K`2

-:'-.(@S:

@F]4]&+_.C`-A2K&'\@?#SN;E




M

MRQHY*T+52_8


MBB9Q0M.





M_:X6_7Q.


MA2:)[;[YN9#;WC*KMA&MSL6(Q8`GZ@#;..:-TG!CLL[(*&M)9!N2T]IT+4I;



%9

_)[O_NNP
G3V4[R!-W4KB!

/38F'8K4C\A%8*G*BMZ%6=5!L)$?)NELSU3'6E+LL



P9QWH&15-W:
\NJ

Y61\50ZN#/E

0AS!=BK
1Q&R?

M?^8@%

3G[^Q@1!R59@9C
MGY%WFQ6

/-CWT*HE\C_H/CI4L8H?R-!6$+B
MZ(6
?6U4+&-

#X]_(V4$#_'RYODZZZQN5M
/OESZ3;WJ2[^WWZY:HM


N6]6#/='4!0\!RXK6/_\V/.




M\GCW`S-\U
1`UR%K%;(
U)]*'DUT'8&!(GWAF(QG^D'XD\!P[6?161/1X69+

MUQ


M(:*J#L5:$*J\7N?
U&




M
#.1C!^M+BB21MHGAR+]SDU#D(1I6ACTHB\#[)GFXTJ8





#_B&CH!D8E`(]+J2M6=4[UQ@I382S\ZNU)G
MO62FM8CKP*Q+[LBN[A#I1(Q62.'DC+EP5@)#C54[#Q9TV2=_6[W(DBK[DK
`2PCT&`;C

:Q%A?E

M2[+WI\LC8+^OD?'1:(7


M_@%?#+I



[7;Q4NW2V2W5U7`([8B`F/1O0P3YY$GKIE98'AF@



MB


#LSK4F@.I^#_?R]

M%UX'4NPU?NW_A1
'7.[.L






CA=:;TT^^H76:^VSN*]D%!7SG::I`F)][^F8
MGEYX'?AES!7/4:RY164C:$M17]=N*FQCV:/5SG+P)!Z
51DL:A'^=\#$'I

[;6;
M?D1JI.OU(Z(D`2BB?ACE8FCE-O!HPU*0*HL"J_?+JT/M^+:#$]=V1)6TJJ
M:6$_U7-'C0%7JI;_F%4/.%0VY;;EE3MS4/=/C7E=?EMFW.?_N*FL]R'@/%E





M!$`X%.LZ*6EW24K90W:@E;(QL*:6#LAWII=G69]+
7M@9IJI&(B_CVJJ.J:N

`L2\F

[CD6:V9GC6V%4;B=D


;QL!T-



49;D!+&4Y&$8#!:C)/;9:E-N3;7N
MK!&IG

M*'HQN?F:7*UL-8C1XO/7Q#?IC#8FT':.7W9O`*]BG&7



F8U)-C4821VSB]))HDY(DQV%R)0EIQY61%OD2)IL;INBO5^8^LY
M?Q;3L6ZY&(<48)IA&A#$_P338#\9BR!1.A/0M^)8I`9@XY[QL]ZFD@&)<O(T
M#7]JTJ1,G1,].LK,2TR9W



MI3&!+
`

M/+Q:?75?EEO\4+1M=5O==%
&]*GM#EY600IR)*`L1G+,D`..6)\4P!FJW
M3:?%IB(T6M=1NTO?7P3D]K^U=7Z2**GJ_M+HST.#(\C_W#@RC\OO&+K[2_L







1J2;NAQQV



L


D127$6T!Q1


M;GB]'TN2=(

4@Q

MU:;J#4Y.J)L)@PO1*B



M*AGW_6



6
M80[L9!T=N+:J[M+KNB3/SUY;6[H7YMGW$(29C$&`8P2S/^#1X-AD(9JB:MO
MQWF:FAO9.4\;9J/\G3JS,8VX7DG`5'7IX?6*)&_H&OHKU'F[7X+_KOI^I+
3HB4%7H7HE-V?'GY-)@]@J35
M2FS'M%M1OG%5<M_71?,\N5_^B9&8NKA^W$0!5D$?&XR@QF(TE$JTQ#E3&TF
M8



M.7A62.U2*7^0TS7O*


P.
08RQ%?5?.5=W0QV81R#C

MO#2Y7JR(Z?IS5LR




M[JK-1K3AY#.LY[)HC/58@WQ=\77+N`VE?:VOLPOJ*]*4U%.?\L5*I8%+YSMS

O4#TK4M_[L`!%4KT!4DF0I`8SJ`=#




M)67

M;4=+U9^TEI*_FPGI(9+J54.;H
[/J_VWRPO\.5I&SY17`2I6X4L_496Z:1

ME6H(^.2]EJ(C





`SZ\`V_


HIAHSW+XU






:0+U8#A\J@V(G9M@:C4D#Q3A\GV?9\BOM!D.#QIA^






8MN?]@<'H
MH2N:V_SG`KHA3/PDQ2F-(V(3T.\31LRL#VJ[U;G1C%[\%36!_*7CS%P+#;O

L030=$RPB[
U$K
[[4%EX_
MB?:?#Y00HB@!`29!1N.$Q`'UTF2;^J4T7G3'VPDU'B^5;BFU`NZFT2
')M&4

?



V
.HS

M1A!^Y

M#FD,T#]E*.)_!"[7XY\@,HGY6;M#YETEX5:DFH4;9E,OI3$:V:\+?.%OK

.?GS<U/_
M+)]RO@9BSRF;WEY3Y*ORW_WJMS]ZVMCR1N*E.[KZL?$SVIQ9,7!=]=.]JB4
M:/IOF*VN[_AMNZ:7+YI\3_%_2/#A9;LK_JO`TG9+E=UNVZ*V^)GES+:_K6`
M;DP`W\(`?I@+J$1'T?
/(IP8GTO6T6H5C?:2#T^NSOZ/;L[]3)SB[0!3Y#



9;TJ+A^RLBJ[XIRA
MNS]CF5_U6+*@LKFJX);'EP6?@AB@D$`7!BP]&--PB2E$2!)WF;G$'#UN5Z
MQ
HSMPW:WWNXS@[O]@[M'K+H5[0V1D%
KD]$OYPXF^3=BA*+LWA`=RT
Q4Q4




MAG$:0YC%
(



M`@JA*:I]2NO^V=O[\







MV!BZ1'Q:!Q!+W:!QX_I)B#(1B,X]#S)-G6I9ULO9`]P!#:Z33`E*#+6*%(5
ME=-T`;SBX9

MI:G=%LN_/=9__N?@!Y_9WO@'/JF]O4F]\_6=F:Q`Q(FGKPKB6GG494]L:LM\
M:`Q*B9_%$-





#%6=&?
MA`,ZH,353'1`#7MMX&61W0FHUV\S#^P]L@PC%V69P0HBCU
1TL00KGM2/G'


D2X$$:IE#J@Q\-

MI6S)4X-5P=+G-(1*EDW7.Y@.3='*;13?V0H$
547U69R)%)CQY6R$U18[X

!FTD'@9DCR56=6*

BNXA)J`4CEI&L#T

`?
.L.H.B

SD1I]/WXI21@A1J+9:FNIM[R(0^SY
M*/




MWSOVX[&*ON=@?TG5SD5G]/&45U-9';
#(6

XL]
R*CG.)TE(^-9M:R?

TB:

NOU+E%



M9
WFI9E)O)L/'V]O/IH-


THV@AB$PQ?-9#2._$IPL@'U!O
M*GSHCNQG#![:/NN$#C.$ZP8.4LA@RZ+4`UZ$:1!G(
0N6S)ML4'DPO$,*W`
M81:2D/*\O@U,+G


M(T@#GR0A__3.#1(8I82.4'$*@


;]7.149\R^N@
C7PP
MFN1%F'=LFH8L5`UX7!H[VKA


8EI

6!F_K9_=<9FQLU`M58!C[5\QTUZHEL<

MPE

8,H*R%+DN#MJN\(CY:1C5@#PX=97`#M4Q;YY

(N!D*_RREDA?[-]WW*8E-/)&4S

M=M:7KHE,YJ+_E):84Z73!T$&D3=F?!HF%@*]


MRW#J99XGRQ)$RC^&20:[LS.:6];O[5Q$XMQ?A`(M&C#:./7CYKP&2*_\P
7(
M7

(;[[W
ME46OW2RBQ'-Y%-1V

3H4LL
MG1T:1..9K-QA8NF[.X
+!



)Z^




@M8N2SP$?$W9V-S$3#MZ:4XU
MJ

?5/5ZY-8B_R'W!6J
M*WH!RM*


?D<2#


M5:K;KBX.$A(0RA$E48@QBEWE)*$)@@!L7
\L
^\4C+
_1M-T1#_%X]R=`G)6

YE




MR`HZ.U$YJ\97Z'E&?^%Z'F!840R&&9D;9%?4L'

?4$L#!!0````(`

'Y((='W_ZV__\YW_\];\.#_^@YR<'03Y9
MS$16';!Q)68'OQ







M29Q59#+)%UDEK7V6I\DD$:6438GXRTTAKG[]-)]/I$&@!1'RE#G^TIM?=3\7
MOWXJD]D\E:8Z&D670%1QDAI7:8OM:VA6_[XWK=ACK@;UNA#7*@I(07X3^741

3J5D^#PGXND:DO!
MNS,:57H3(-+D:D*O1:$8GR3Q99(FE48J\RS!(-)HCNQM=(/(IC=0MY`9DP0
M17);YV0\R>3@E

MU%ZUG)YFYV(B8[KL630N$\T!:K@'#F\-)OUP+Y].9FII4TD9EE4R4SG+FE+F

RZFNA#NP6IX#38_97FI





ZKC7
M-U'


M



GJS8J\:'PXONWJ^YMJR?1!



^@D]_(.3C^&0C
MD`S611OY:W
\%GYYG4GL0F

4A^L#A

MAQ#BPR#`/@+8]QHM/




Y=V8^P1BXMDQ$88`\3!J-J`]0



M(%


@?Y+$ZR/A![H(Z@9UL.MJ&#;.3*@1H`VH16UY$_W\^P


MP=UOUE@M1IP_!9;V\W-NU




M=)Y





M;:?W98IW6]:E+_3


*]7



MT+

M'WBA#S%RR

F(

Q:WHL#?6

?0C;`O:LF?.Q!Y
:M/\[4
M(E/7

8(408((M!I\@1D!;AWTO:Q



MDAQ(P[4'M@4_SJ[R8E9[GMZOOM1_W9$VM\@)



M6=CGZAU``+K!2E:*/=1W:?4-'BLSX][.)AOE









`Y1JY`CQSB%E

(E!1RNY\
_G1H=%'RU

M?M]




7]I)IB=%QS
-?CI
M@&;(OKG4]TT/



JU#?KV/VX2U6`49XS:.MPN1TI?F47:
MD^


M
5EN!-6HR5!O/S0D;YD@(@FU!F*F/=HUYN'$P2NNJ6U/M(-YZ3-+99#]:;?8



MV:Z-L.B$O=5OO['

MC9`%&7+;)_DLW(:0_9_3^?3;^MM1Z?_R7+#(..2=U\Q3Z@ET&B=W.9W9-]1G



F\L]@AR@F/
M3I38[J.



]@]
M;30N4

%JO'
P
M6%\@#TVSHS;L[P\''=<C*!):<R9I]HZ6*T(.W
59TW[%'0-E[(0SMBQ_E7.


M%JX=DN'C8OIU&DWG_YG

M

M(#Q)KO6VPZO'@N/
((ZXEI9`PS`GD&TGICDA5]#D[A1I[!5H%G(9(KU9E+=%
MD?R3[27I]1'M0X\'8YW6PAM(/4&*8B/M;J+*VJ



KM
PPNN%NHT^=H7H()GS8KDLBO?%

(W);^Z-8/QF?D

M9N[G0S%?UAVUVOM\0$1@ZDU4MX([E]JET@HP$TW9W+/6K4
RYTCV=&%%G8YI
M3HPF_=@=91\V)7)/1=V;$.AD$W]J$`]UPYJP6ST2:76'F&VFS9UN6'9W#=














P$@U):2:39


GB/KC9BU?TQ0G$

$I7

MN'17&)^67]V2^7AF=?M@8$0H[`0S`B.*&.$2[7Q'@EFV%_5V(L&=`#MP.K65

PIHW2V?
-(
XLH8PS

M=POT8)G0MH0Z/@HQ*BAA


MQ@-.



1+\US/#+^]HN9^D1^A9N]^[Z<10DN4YWCZK&&:+\_'ACTBE

M?;8


=1X1SQ26SC+(E-%5

M(=W)++B+*^/6IE#NQC!]6JV@




G&O\AHR3OU^!BY%B%P/9X84[\O$3'GXEG$T




M;!*H)MHDGUO#F(XW!YS#0#PA)
.580`W68&2/9D6]_



M7]NVS5-M`R%4


H/0
M(:GCOM:4KE;576NTXHF6P5H`M44I&0F#5'
NF&WF2K7*M6DFF;MWLCSL5T@E











21%KF;WP33_1;D9DF1E'PH2XK;&76V]8PB-?!T0)Q`0J!SDP3`AC
M#H]_*:\5']P;]#IUN


&Q#K\1BGXJZ]V?R(&W1=


[UVN+R*WLF$M






MK#'%
Z40'8L+94P:/Y9'^*_U
I6
?$P1_AB*HC:+;?Q/-OYU]7DW]0:(#')?
M^I

IZY#@K+;\S58:N[Q:KZM'^A



+6]0O3[2X$QCC!5

M


\QB]RPPZC7@:M99HH*5)J1KT7F)`GFR6
';N'LJ

&_ARJ;N4WNJ]4ODKI82M
MQ4P`25PT
3UC7AN`?8



O;8-FYJOZW7G[9_K)=M

M)U\%;U
9)


MO3+C




M6*U3A8EF1XX6X\^]I

`=:Z3J#!L$@&K7F

M][6


$


M&9_A!%




2ZR7VIDY=R[Q$%NB3

MIZ.`7^-)#W`640U^'J9=?YTM5FV*P;'O`^$(
0L(


4^3U?94L[!:FO/@V.TP11PHK%TQR3TSC;S`4!D
LLYMX]@.,)&&@M%
M6BG**=D



M





3#
+9VFN$79^B8_KI%@^Q!-)
M;7)3X_FENE_



MN#VP2(8]8^MB7_?_6





-'.7]F71&F5#6HGJD(_6D`N<\<U4Z_R@]@4:Y<(9*![F0E7_\N.!
D7'
MAD1'J-.

MAGGD
\)93^7)W)
M[J=&]<&18YG6_C+7!1*
TZUPJ406*G.')(WQY#6
+Z`I7DZ8SG5TFR/BLXY
MXQD+Q'@/P0F%'2EE9+(VCWH8*-J-I3D#W


$B


2(0Q3GW'M$!U(3MREEN`M]Z'D\^S?-_Y]#@E83;=G#KS.S`PJK6?:+7


V?H&
M9]*
KHT#%S39.`DNS?+#F-^ZXU(C

II
M0`PD%[FW#6R6$HCKNJFK/9OGNJ-0

M&V$)MY`4'YSSI+6G7X`^7'=D*4UR+L-BSC),SHT+&))=:$4.&QS@'!PFRF
M:);4-PRGJ&F5[PV9.!OASL+W?PW7/
ZDPP.C`J^X90@(\=)H)#CR&W?/L[HS








VN
+/)B0'V:.V'2^6Y.





6_H]%\M+[;$<FQ(_'JBDT\A]


M;8R7YM&

$FG?+@!M/
M5,'%\H1.31*&!FA60[






*T


MO!.&-`5LVQ3)Y*U.D


;;)G=[/Y8:?CQ9514D25]


0`-9CJ9(!Y+G^-6RL'_&U

7&Y*IN;)]D*?ZL01'-H6*3:64.HXT03
M(3RF(

MRF94_KI808/@=O_&]J)`91MOL`&


M*3MF9HB6K@DF5&#9^6AW/)=N?OUC7




M+/GS


;D-L_GU:%)\G$WO/H[_*FYW;'H=8/A)]XE!*\4T

M!#)

MS9UTEI=2

X;7W\`9]




XID])D3=93X


O*]JCT07]<V084<`E:
7U4(`$+996FC@OJP%E4RN7ED#+)SE7LK'DXNZ)'=V/EZ/)

=$`

MK+M_4$1$$A60(
DMPBBV`U!9A
M)QA!DCJS`0AS]SM9NV%BG:F`3C:KEC^*^=/3G9:Z=7A@EE`LL#DHH:3I7:
MN+F

MQUYVHG\'1&M#UUMDGU=K\H2$GM65172Z4Z[4=3.8(L1)U(QSZ0C6KH28]9




M#;QS1'1$*2:I5(I*X
DNY.C


4]Y`H3


D]U#*K];F


%*YH*7CX+60
MS&N%2\D$J;U_V&?V-*+H:@GFIZ'[9A+

MKEHK)9B?A&9?$\PA/2^U6&.F0&.I07FYEL)Y80=4]_P\)1Y*



M@T\HKVLSFL.TTU/W%^6)5PO_6J7&-R
CYB)O$C$B#`C/TZJ?;&0-T$%4T#!\

M?R[



:.2Q8A!#

./5.8-S%$H;37.FD/ZWP
M2\H(U0@30`S#PE+#B=UL[@RG'C-3PR_/%59=$#]_9.7R8'


MHH#`U#'+

R(S]&]2/'U=+I$*$Q!*G\0_A=8CU


PK@1%@






IC!BI!-SW8+T?ALX$XS#D%C!LFX__YZK9K31G/4OOC
MM*[+^:8AVIX1`WE1'CW*KPCXYMPJ0

M=23I!X;?X]P;%91I^:;@B1=QZ1A'6A-




=QCF)I[
\K;

KE

)5-[8%WV85;.$_78

D7
J!SH
LI+H/'30Q]75PWW5/699D&T3)9`8

GG50;BFB7W$5PO*V%AP)@-PP8&)*?B[VIW7L'!@HE
M)I!S3IB


OWZ/G/_7


ME

MX\^H6.]`PG(2?
*






T3L(_\1I`

F:AK:F*+
^6VMT_GA/1U-;-T#\3
M]D-[Z\7#1;0[9Y.KN%



C!0!XF&*OXP@G$I7!64OYX\E\FEBD?H





AATF6`?!Q??+O_2
54'A3@]TC*(E3'!&`%P9A)
M)06+

M
6




M.(F



MB]_O3N?7?D#



MI


MYU
(







@.
]MABS9PC@*S3'D15HJIUC_;M-9BW
MQ
_7&'P2.K]DS[?($!W?^N\M:TY^5U734F
HI.'
.B2U`WR]%0G!O#RC_JVY
<3.(G&FMLXHO
M0'ON9





M3#S^8U!:&JT$
\QK:B01TK)ZKI+;;-S/UV/A&(:51](OAV[PY:R8W$[-:HX'



6L5U5.]P&L^4NQ)1X05@5&R0PLL30FKJ1MCUC-P(

OZ*P(G@5D'`'884
M0*JL0O7J+96IB;ZM0X'/%V!'$3P'W**&-9%-D\73:1^TPO:,D8CJR1#2#OM
M!(BG*E7K90Y



M'G_7B0`0;P4`1Y

?IXMB-KV\NRA^%M.'ND_A#M8?'!?B1BH\



!F'C)9-`*60,A29:



`HVT
X6Q9;M;[;.XK%=J=N;S</Q4L52_H
M-5`2QRQ62HBHT.BXOEQ]#*E62Y'?[NU[_&4,-9AC)\GQ)[M$J4,G^7BTW*U
M3!)=UV$-IGW*I(52`6&=Q9[:PZZ^`0)3T&BU!]]2?83\^V+7IK)!4]L0)W#%
MHO/G);&4,6Q%97

M;2I2\FU_&CI:H;M4V./S


^
R)6!Z_[X6'567#4




M@




MI[%71/

M;DVN&=;@[84M)^^C&`/Y

T#R.PW6$P@)\():A2C1KNC5CDHV7`
_1PR1K&
MC)+*6VZ4J:Z'Y%0Q/=$A^&H?](P&3M&R!0SYG::[=PU&`!&#+2$:H)3T=T)


))#R9#F$F/)I1/
UG)#)7
GTEDFC4]'
MNUZ5
+YSD5[=

M*%B
XS@#A)$&<F`KF73S.5Z=Z]L`S0W
MHN@'U0DW*].]'^O;Y6IYN'OLJC8K%?7(&LH)CP

2GWZ/^;I8?XD/M+\^



??6SOCBES7WAK@1/GHP!-N$16`QIGG





MIT2FO/]6IKSF[=DZCQDL[=QK
)QQ2A&ECC)LA6(:N1HCR[-O)7AEI7HO9^C0







MV7($K'LACB^*._?E2UK\V)^#ZDB;T\T#]$1#`Q`SQGBL+*#J4-Y7:0IT]@VR
M


QKBZTO




M[YSHSKDLU'
6YQ?;K^G=W^.0BI;=+W_4M];]_):75^A;=Q`PYT9@Y#SGD'(#



/*$$VM)C8
D+I=O
S1;P_OC0R(_!@//


2Y5<#D$H/


$T^'&.`*







MJ7INC+Y.KE6888)*GYY!#U!.09#&`/1T@Z!0DPXH8$A@%O@G/2U9!#(*[H

MERKTUV#S0B@SCM8=7AGCY90W4]SMW_WG^GP@T=@F8!/=(B(D1BQ.B]I:!&3]







EMCV@X

$A=TT`@T1!%%)!`/&I#X4'RLX2AS&KI:POF


M@

(8*KE@SFI`B*



Q@1:L926FNJ)1#6Z)]


=`0VP1YI@@RAEGJ)H1E;ZWZX2[)T:^
`^P(@O%








PY(G&W
M*(K)3BWOM8;V/AL
)14K%V7`'C(45;XDP\J8W#2-DS?8+XDM;:/:BYGPI%+6[JS-YH:`

B

TW5
M


MOOSEV+^_7RU7HWE*=CE`Q+:^(E@-H@2BIX@-4-&.)
ZD5$[+J+$&9U?%@0/:


M@
JK]+1`]8%_'PO8S;-]Y3?+Y?UH/BY







))*

M9'Y



I)/

MSAHQ!*
^
]5L+:*]W7W:UPO=1.`'LLH;(]OWL8-?[^S3C
C=QL2;^;OXVG[\



M?VQ_01KAC.(011]&FR@%S

FEY2!34LY/RR;8YVP7'S^RC^5J-'N%8#G=!`042@=:O6!4
X(U


MF'T8+


M.%6@9;M09A@1*GZ/]T^SXA/7K^&ZV/SA^R*H]H&X(7FE`FO,!'((,:YWTTA
M&EO7HU!:8D-7T+;*#M2`'4_:!A[A$$82ZCP#EBC%L*JFH)W-S9@88'F7MB1

7Q8+6\
P0_NW]

=4A(KHJM!&@9R7_T!WE??HM!;P3)#X.M]










5J^A

GM;0[8
_



M:6^/R'G;WR@82J05(%T


M3'`:(



MOQ&XU/'_:R


ME`O#%6

+6/;DDD?O'QEI+7[B7O;!(HM
D`A1R$Q3&#C





M%FL/Q52//M
XT(:!4X9BS2.R!(6
9HA_2JM))[@\#NS_(]A6@GB5Q.:=
XS[

Y$!H
MX6)_`F`P8OJ

MA4PN=53+:17W_T^:Y/_^'G_KJ3K2#J
T`60




MM$WRZ_W_G\IOX\8M`'!

77Z0S



1L;CO9XUTZ:;N^C$Z:N,\GS`GM)%.IGP1%Z#,FNO2


MX63%KX+=S45$O9U]V1Y0\.[G(QHNG92@TS6.DF!$.:'[?B=


M9OYKK=;C&7JN`1





MW?`0+
($F72]KK
T



RT9Z!_%C:


D&3(8Z7EOA16!B%IZ2;[^#*YET2T

94
-E2ZXDKY-B)*#I6YM@S
MD#^/78%C#F%/F
7*DP@F

MM


B#WOTQGE%ZPK'F1`

MY!(?H\?JW1PQ$@EWJ;LG;JFVN\W^RW=NH7ERF

Z;#O[%:$

M+G7NZY
OG-)R`#N`$QV91980


NDR8H'QX;NJ*L[L(W'MF8Q_MM.F2/
[U@P=T-Q9)9U$





#4Z7G]YT%Y
X^7A_/
M:6.=]!^\?K/=IO*J3?)S#A#),VPB]G?'4L!C^E(4@0S;0`I[RWTC$OX/;]
M#[BTXK0T;K\8K!=S%.(=43E0QW%3TMKREZOEZFI^:3:;W=7WZY/J5V&M0H4C

5M

M6+@%E.EJ+4:G2*HA$'Z5RWHXTV9]``V




M#;!L'/Z@AA/+/!B)B+;6RNA/L^\)95915EJC?&YK1U]\?





M24;VSHGNGMO0;K8+;Y%K]O^E?ZSC]FBR2*=+BY*G'&LHX$4(PY@7%E@5O
MU;Z5BG!K]/#B%M66Z`$\OQH,ZI%;^OX%;?M#0A)YN


9X]HSR;$RWE/%+'/9

#O




MBAA0J6P.#X04]:[BK



G09Q
M2%4J_M'.$@[7K^GO)AP

OJGQ
M&/
E<A3+3WKK==Q(A.&X?Z0]T.AF($+:4F00-'BA,(%&?;
MN3;5[O*=*&&?39GN\*ZN65*_00/MT_<'-*]]A(4%G7CH&.H1V.
QZ2``$KL
M3\

MV51'RCP70



M5$

MN]EV9MW=!QO-O-
(

MF3P^3

I)Q98C*$T#5C*`!QG%)3%M:\$?8FL[






6UW1YO3V_/S:!F#8QC4S6(D




[##S0(!1J\U%IR;:4T
MF#N6+4.*GU$10O^4Z072.G'3IVT'JCSTZTVZ/I8[%6RTC:0=LL4T6R68.2
1
MP_Z)T@.@YZ
)AA##%&O*4;162\UIUH.GBAA;6JTY24VP.B'U$+B?H_:7M-C%

P+X]8[VC&

M
8WCFSR+(0G/

9
ZR;1O)Y_+R[07
M0E$)G!=6QA





B

M*9J$(TW52OGYXO7VZV

M7@KD/2*L1
(+F^H:/V$Z2_!\D%D=)9:/[P]W(I[K?L(T'D`-#2:F[B$L2P







%^RQ4/EPVAM
MN@E*0H`U\U1K8P&$E9HD=[/]EM&L@77^`)[@5;^[G^?VS_[T.2H_IK-:











MEBT5K8(2#FFB#.:.Q8


A`;%1E-0Y




;TQHOE`,/HPG&O#LUGD*(=KM!'F-57/BV





ML9+6892:;]0ZG?9Z=K5N$4](D?QC6]R)N/ULLZ?US6(_[2







MZID#S3:@!

*/[TLS7(YT$JIU##FFL;38`]*Q&0NOZ5K\NY


G0
M5E++'K!


6M





3*@\U._-Q-XHU@/*0W#+;O/BO=*VG*IJ

MW6%1F:=\HD60U'G+

2.4$2

MREK


M@/_
TI2[PB&V!G
MA14L6IWE445[`E)-]@G:<Y-PB1@?KG94U@);Z@7FF(D8&4HA([@RA-/2M,
M_#B8+.U6V5/ML$W8A=[EFXC;\K.)*,\V/B]JK\
J')3:M(T:&`P9G+WLA+0










M@$.:`%K.SS):6[/WXD^D7=I&W'(
_^]'R[/SW?;C?K3;8H;N$]L[^0W5-
M0S0!&=8P+A`7%31&IC#;`6K3WRXS+A[IU3J&.

$Z*O+OG62N)4DG6_

M^DPZA)(;J93A%&N/I62B7T-?&*]F&S]]8376)IU%9P3%I81/Z4]U)3IVV)




5
Z@
;UJRABTZB=09SRR#E
+H?28P8A&B05#](K*%W1-
MCN5PL`]Q9'T9_WR^_)XM[O)UG

M7''F




[L9UC71I
M;MV/9NG:QFJ]F)_'J^<O!H*`2W<\H.1$2BL=GM).;RE2WS%.'4QRM=9$=\_



ML]ASH.
Q0!!#2I89=]*'62F_P%R]!)E7)^BMIJLM\$@^;O/^R:CV
2&NZ$
M-U'8+.6S0!%3&8'@P[P=L-PB)@-__7)UY7]*#S7!C@;#1:62
-?(+;G+




*

M;W94GZSPNF]0



M+Y%KQ
'6W%474\,ZQKBSACCI_-H.$9^IU3:&7QYX?V@4IJZ;A1#%`K.?9*

H58

MJI


-;A8+G3L-



K\DU4Q_SS--I56T+'C[Z9CV?KE!?Y


9IS.4B_FGG_^
MN`LW.+JF'7\AJ.@?*V!UU8B8(B
RVLC&9`LN]PT^#L3J`NH2Y#H46J51Z0_
MB4YMKP;

7VBLZEU^&7`H;(

Z%W#@@!&)CLU#<#




M.CNZXQ5PJW=TBUC9T1.L_KV.G7/?J_:$5R\]'A0EL?.0.J\898HZS
!&*@U`
M'$:Y3M@`HSRZLJ`O1_$:W&@O#WC@C6`8X9`(XI42G*42[E+O9(-$H^P]_N$Q







MT_B#=!XZUV!+M2UV(:Y$_.[K'S.9:KOFD+!1C'DU.2[/B]DN[D:GI-7IX9.!

$F-J%;2CDL
K.JCD\


M(#*/C83E1!KH&!VK9[7/L7#X\O2;2(]IE[HXLXW1^/YJ=P*QGSP9-



(.$(J*Q-4!KX`0F%#9(:2!O:/DM



V5^Q




MR2KEEM'SZ$C%^?;C[1/[6KHK2U_U$


(:#:*.HUU-`AP'6K

;':2-W@A;S)+;`U(/OM


MV@+AA64B3EV$-+)CI7
B*ACKT6A.%*8@:58X`C



MD3




M$`&O$05ZNV-+I(%*M@;L%(A6V/1^8U%OS.FH%3^=QQEKPZU&IK


\0__BL]_&FTK.)?_@]0
M2P
$%`````@`Q3I

M
C`Q-#$R



1/M]`D)&%




MQJ



M?O%$-K(1K











V1'ZSI)NG4#*)%NA`#-6GPS2-C458F_%J*J)&'BU1?RH1U;:9?YX
MT8/^:N!Z]WN-
#DA!6YO%2-M.F-_(L




JSLS68$6LZBGIX%G?UMYKH.H


M




9
MQ0
4D?;[^G05.-9#&Y*
M\-R:NQ-M

MJQ7I[3Z*E+4
!#-C_(/.3^`,P02CEJ=V@96,[:N(%$=5I]?RL+J$HR/-Z.


8



M6U9.1&'7WI38M1*@CM3*\?O29XA_G?66K]6.@Q6B5QZEWCW?
4XI)$N]4TCU
3S[;%C@:FQ9X]_Y%<]=R^J.KH_SQ%+M
MOM]W26+_!A16]8/$JFJW:YI:*E`;J



M-UWK5V


.!=&AK




MGRZMK\BD+R29M!SB(\VA9Q0Z*$F%DAU#3
41OM


`U)'QI(EGH

M#OW$8M4MO8]@T9.U1U@^31]W);N-%K
^=6S1IS*!
?$#R)NOEI=QY
2?`$H3








M

N@^H]T)0ZT:+T%@E7C-%T8J00/8
M3MET(5X//&HA/@N;\KG[]


MV%IYZMY![*+
1I2\;)RI2*3IL_0W.=C$F+$DWY1/9*M7M'DA8R;J`E$JV(VN

M3*[2@74(FDWNNYVO653.)$8S-^G

MM
[C0^E@O58D]@_KKEY(^0&4V#9-41!$5'.KC8?J3.VFFMS5Z?&#9%_6#7S`





1#^I/]`79W+I0R?VQ';S

9
MP0H0&*8CSK50Q31C29*7*?U\:\&Q1M3:C)^(R+8TS9:W\3NE^I+F+S8XM4
M/`/9M*__*XQM9)R$P.H54E\VZ1G7Q#.L$1F4]RP'6:U7GH_&)_Z[U

M2W:AJG+?;7WMI,(R!SR&ZZ$2N_NLCJ#._8Y\%QGFZHNM9/`$?!C$9SZ(9
M!JO6&5E-30/\R0X8L:P/:&WP5FT`VNDW8PP;#*ZU7],PF1Z*DV'
D--C0E!
ML(X(&/^GTUFR1.$Q:


L67-E_XR2FYZ[VD
)W$T+A%:?+3)*HI:/:1=T

6Y2C*


*OTK:IT8PK9_

T?]V#A=JYTHO++NYQMQ17*RSXIHXRUFP;@`?KIWQ@Q\C0


05WO+X-'K`XCRADI\&24



MJ98

`E




M.I8N!H)PXEBORYLD\]2G5@I!`.(E/@IEO`7\(BTA(D$8L/`H^!W:-;2\`(TT
MB



M#@``!#D!``!02P$'@,4`````#%.DQ&37MH2?4S``#6-`(`%``8```````!

30Q



4`````#%.DQ&N'W33U'.``?3@H`%``8```````!

30Q


 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedBalanceSheetStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_IntangibleAssetsNetIncludingGoodwillandOtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_ScenarioAdjustmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedBalanceSheetStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_IntangibleAssetsNetIncludingGoodwillandOtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=ppc_AdjustmentToReflectCashFromAdditionalBorrowingsofLongtermDebtUsedtoPaySpecialDividendMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedBalanceSheetStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=ppc_AdjustmentforPaymentofSpecialDividendMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedBalanceSheetStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=ppc_AdjustmentforPaymentofFinancingFeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedBalanceSheetStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=ppc_AdjustmentforPaymentofSpecialDividendfromCashonHandMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedBalanceSheetStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_ProFormaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedBalanceSheetStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ppc_IntangibleAssetsNetIncludingGoodwillandOtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsExcludingAmountsPertainingToExaminedTaxReturnsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingBenefitObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingBenefitObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'

