

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062993-19-001730
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20181231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20190415
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20190415
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Planet Green Holdings Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001117057
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CANNED
 FROZEN & PRESERVED FRUIT
 VEG & FOOD SPECIALTIES [2030]
		IRS NUMBER:				870430320
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34449
		FILM NUMBER:		19749344
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 901
 BUILDING 6
		STREET 2:		NO. 1678 JINSHAJIANG ROAD
		CITY:			PUTUO DISTRICT
 SHANGHAI
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			200333
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(86) 539-7317959
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 901
 BUILDING 6
		STREET 2:		NO. 1678 JINSHAJIANG ROAD
		CITY:			PUTUO DISTRICT
 SHANGHAI
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			200333
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American Lorain CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070806
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070806
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American Lorain CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070801








    


    

        
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
 D.C. 20549
        
        
December 31
 2018
        
        
        
        

                

                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                

                        

                    


Suite 901
Putuo District
 Shanghai
 China 200333
(Registrant's telephone number
 including area code) 
        

                

                        


                        


                

Common Stock
 par value $0.001 per share 


                        



        

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
        
        
        

    


 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
        
        
        

 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant's knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [ ] 

 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 smaller reporting company
 or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

                

                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                

                        


                        




 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ]
        
        

824
490 (on a post-split basis) and $10
513
378 respectively.

497
765 shares of common stock outstanding as of April 11
 2019.
        

    

        

                
                    

                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                
                    

                        


                        


                

                        



 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                
                    

                        


                        


                

                        



 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                
                    

                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


        

    

        
        
        

                

                        


                        



 and except where the context requires otherwise
 our wholly-owned subsidiaries and VIEs. 


                

                        


                        



 Ltd.


                

                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        



 Inc.
 a Cayman Islands company that was a wholly-owned by PLAG until September 2018 and owns all the capital stock of Dongguan Green Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. and Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.


                

                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        



 Ltd. 


                

                        


                        



 a Nevada corporation.


                

                        


                        



 a limited liability company registered in China.


                

                        


                        



 Ltd. 


                

                        


                        



 Ltd. 


                

                        


                        



 Ltd.


                

                        


                        



 Ltd. 


                

                        


                        



 the legal currency of China. 


                

                        


                        



 $ and US$ refer to the legal currency of the United States. 


                

                        


                        


                        




 including
 without limitation
 statements regarding our expectations
 beliefs
 intentions or future strategies that are signified by the words expect, anticipate, intend, believe, or similar language. All forward-looking statements included in this document are based on information available to us on the date hereof
 and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Our business and financial performance are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. In evaluating our business
 you should carefully consider the information set forth under the heading Risk Factors. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.
        

    

        
        

 China. Since the restructuring of our company in September 2018
 our primary business
 which is carried out by Taishan Muren
 our newly acquired business
 is:


 such as sauces

            


 we sold certain convenience food products produced by our historical businesses in China in the year ended December 31
 2018 and discontinued the offering of convenience food products on December 10
 2018.
        

 1986 and was formerly known as American Lorain Corporation. Effective November 12
 2009
 PLAG reincorporated in Nevada from Delaware. 

 including our subsidiaries and our VIEs. 
        
        

 2017
 the Company formed Shenzhen Lorain as a limited company under the laws of the PRC. Through Shandong Greenpia
 the Company entered into exclusive VIE agreements with Shenzhen Lorain and its shareholders that give the Company the ability to substantially influence Shenzhen Lorain's daily operations and financial affairs and appoint its senior executives. The Company is considered the primary beneficiary of Shenzhen Lorain and it consolidates its accounts as a VIE. On September 27
 2018
 the agreements were terminated due to the Company's restructuring and Shenzhen Lorain was no longer a variable interest entity under Shandong Greenpia.
        

    


 2018
 through Shanghai Xunyang
 the Company entered into exclusive VIE agreements (VIE Agreements) with Beijing Lorain
 Luotian Lorain
 Shandong Greenpia
 Taishan Muren
 and Shenzhen Lorain and their shareholders that give the Company the ability to substantially influence those companies' daily operations and financial affairs and appoint their senior executives. The Company is considered the primary beneficiary of these operating companies and it consolidates its accounts as a VIE. Each of the VIE Agreements is described in detail below:
. Pursuant to the Consultation and Service Agreement
 WFOE has the exclusive right to provide consultation and services to the operating entities in China in the area of business management
 human resource
 technology and intellectual property rights. WFOE exclusively owns any intellectual property rights arising from the performance of this Consultation and Service Agreement. The amount of service fees and payment term can be amended by the WFOE and operating companies' consultation and the implementation. The term of the Consultation and Service Agreement is 20 years. WFOE may terminate this agreement at any time by giving 30 day's prior written notice.
. Pursuant to the Business Cooperation Agreement
 WFOE has the exclusive right to provide complete technical support
 business support and related consulting services
 including but not limited to technical services
 business consultations
 equipment or property leasing
 marketing consultancy
 system integration
 product research and development
 and system maintenance. WFOE exclusively owns any intellectual property rights arising from the performance of this Business Cooperation Agreement. The rate of service fees may be adjusted based on the services rendered by WFOE in that month and the operational needs of the operating entities. The Business Cooperation Agreement shall maintain effective unless it was terminated or was compelled to terminate under applicable PRC laws and regulations. WFOE may terminate this Business Cooperation Agreement at any time by giving 30 day's prior written notice.
. Pursuant to the Equity Pledge Agreements among WFOE
 operating entities and each of operating entities' shareholder
 shareholders of the operating entities pledge all of their equity interests in the operating entities to WFOE to guarantee their performance of relevant obligations and indebtedness under the Technical Consultation and Service Agreement and other control agreements (Control Agreement). In addition
 shareholders of the operating entities are in the process of registering the equity pledge with the competent local authority. 
. Pursuant to the Equity Option Agreements
 WFOE has the exclusive right to require each shareholder of the operating companies to fulfill and complete all approval and registration procedures required under PRC laws for WFOE to purchase
 or designate one or more persons to purchase
 each shareholder's equity interests in the operating companies
 once or at multiple times at any time in part or in whole at WFOE's sole and absolute discretion. The purchase price shall be the lowest price allowed by PRC laws. The Equity Option Agreements shall remain effective until all the equity interest owned by each operating entities shareholder has been legally transferred to WFOE or its designee(s).
. Pursuant to the Voting Rights Proxy Agreements
 each shareholder irrevocably appointed WFOE or WFOE's designee to exercise all his or her rights as the shareholders of the operating entities under the Articles of Association of each operating entity
 including but not limited to the power to exercise all shareholder's voting rights with respect to all matters to be discussed and voted in the shareholders' meeting. The term of each Voting Rights Proxy Agreement is 20 years. WOFE has the right to extend each Voting Proxy Agreement by giving written notification.
        

 2018
 we sold 100% of equity interest in ILH and purchased 50% of the issued and outstanding shares of Shandong Greenpia
 30% of Beijing Lorain and 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of Luotian Lorain from ILH. 

 2018
 we acquired Taishan Muren
 a limited liability company in China. 
        

    


 2018
 the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to: (i) change the Company's name from American Lorain Corporation to Planet Green Holdings Corp. and (ii) effect a reverse stock split of its common stock at a ratio of twenty-five-for-one (25-for-1).

 2018
 we discontinued the operations of Beijing Lorain
 Luotian Lorain and Shandong Greenpia.&nbsp; 
        

 China. We sell sauces and other products developed from these herbs and spices. Customers use these products for seasoning
 refining of foods and odor elimination
 among other uses.&nbsp; 

 including packaged sauce
 tea and brown rice syrup
 to consumers and foodservice businesses. 

 sauce
 beverage and tea products business is held by our newly acquired company
 Taishan Muren. 

 2018.
        
        

 Guangdong Province.
        

                

                        

                    
                        

                    
                        

                
                

                        Taishan Muren *

                    
                        2016

                    
                         9
500

                
                

                        Shandong Greenpia **

                    
9

                
                

                        Luotian Lorain **

                    
9

                


                        

 cleaning the raw spice
 mixing the spice based on our special formula
 and grinding
 boiling and final packaging. The production process for our dry spice products involves sorting
 cleaning the raw spice and drying. We outsource the production of brown rice syrup and tea bag to third party factories
 and we provide the manufacturer with the recipe and products standards.

 the types of products produced and the production capacity as of the date of this report: 
        

    

        
                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


        
        
        

949 acres in Taishan City since 2016. We grow 32 species spices including roselle
 mint
 curry
 pandan leave
 lemon
 citronella and others.
        
        
        

 respectively.

 including some with whom we have a long-term relationship. Our suppliers generally include wholesale agricultural product companies
 food production companies and tea bag processing companies. Our top ten suppliers accounted for 81.2% and 12.1% of the total procurement in 2018 and 2017 in value terms
 respectively. We purchase rice syrup and tea bags from suppliers and farmers pursuant to supply contracts and underlying purchase orders. We have not entered into any long-term contracts with any of our suppliers.
        

 respectively.

 including Beijing
 Shanghai
 Tianjin and Guangzhou. Our sales team sells our products directly to supermarket chains
 mass merchandisers
 large wholesalers
 restaurants and others in these markets. In second-tier and third-tier cities
 we currently sell our products to third-party distributors
 such as food companies or trading companies with established distribution channels in such regions
 rather than through our own sales team. The terms of a typical sales contract between us and our distributors provide that we are responsible for transportation costs and the distributors are responsible for storage costs. Furthermore
 the distributors have the right to return products that fail to satisfy specified quality standards
 at our cost. The majority of such contracts require the distributors to pay us in cash in full upon delivery
 and the remaining contracts provide for short-term credit
 usually two to three weeks. 
        

 and our advertising budget continues to be limited. In 2018
 our marketing and branding efforts mainly focus on internet advertising. 
        

    

        

 both globally and in China. We do not have a significant market share in China. 

 sauce and beverage products compete with both large agribusiness companies and natural and organic packaged foods companies. Many of these competitors have significantly greater resources. Large agribusiness companies include Guangzhou Baihua Spice Corp. and natural and organic packaged foods companies include Shanghai House Food Corp. and Ankee Food Corporation. Given limited retailer shelf space and merchandising events
 competitors actively support their respective brands with marketing
 advertising and promotional spending. In addition
 most retailers market similar items under their own private label
 which compete for the same shelf space. 

 product quality
 price
 brand recognition and loyalty
 product variety and ingredients
 product packaging and package design
 effectiveness of marketing and promotional activity
 and our ability to identify and satisfy consumer tastes and preferences.
        

 such as limiting disclosure of proprietary plans
 methods and other similar information on a need-to-know basis and requiring employees with access to our proprietary technology to enter into confidentiality arrangements. We believe that our proprietary technology and trade secrets are adequately protected.
        

 2018
 we had a total of 160 employees. Approximately 70 of our full-time employees are directly employed by our subsidiaries and VIEs and the remaining employees are employed by outsourcing agents that we use to meet our staffing needs. Compared to 2017
 the total employees decreased by 85% due to bad operating performance and recent company restructure.

 both direct and leased
 by job function.

                
                    
                    
                        

                
                

                        

                    
                        

                
                

                        Production&nbsp;

                    
Human Resources

                    
                        2

                
                

                        Research and Development

                    
                        &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; 2

                
                

                        Sales

                    
                
                

                        Finance

                    
                
                

                        Procurement

                    
                
                

                        Administration

                    
                
                

                        Total&nbsp;

                    
                


 nor have we experienced any difficulties in recruitment and retention of experienced staff. 

 including knowledge of industry quality standards.
        
        

    

        

 2 employees are dedicated to research and development.
        

 2018 and 2017 was not a material portion of our total expenses for those years.
        

 we are subject to regulations of China's Agricultural Ministry and Ministry of Health. This regulatory scheme governs the manufacture (including composition and ingredients)
 labeling
 packaging and safety of food. It also regulates manufacturing practices
 including quality assurance programs
 for foods through its current manufacturing practice regulations
 and specifies the standards of identity for certain foods.

 including quality safety approval from government.
        
        
        
        
        

 which are owned except where otherwise indicated
 are as follows: 

                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                
                    
                    

                        

                    

                

                        



 Guangdong
 PRC



500


                        


                
                    

                        

                    
                    

                

                        



 



251 


                        


                
                    


 PRC 

                    
                    

                
                    

                        

                    
                    

                

                        



 



332 


                        


                
                    


 PRC 

                    
                    


        
        

 we currently have land use rights to
 or lease
 3 properties with approximately 97
083 square meters
 consisting of manufacturing facilities and office buildings for future expansion. We believe our current facilities provide adequate capacity for our current and projected needs.
        

    


 the land use rights are granted for a period of up to 50 years. This period may be renewed at the expiration of the initial and any subsequent terms. Granted land use rights are transferable and may be used as security for borrowings and other obligations.
        
        
        
        
        

    

        
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
        

 the NYSE Amex Equities Exchange and the NYSE MKT) under the symbol PLAG. 
        

 2019
 there were 319 shareholders of record of our common stock. This does not include the holders whose shares are held in a depository trust in street name.
        
        
        

 2017
 we entered into a securities purchase agreement
 pursuant to which Yi Li and Beili Zhu
 each an individual residing in the People's Republic of China
 agreed to invest an aggregate of $1.275 million in the Company in exchange for an aggregate of 7
500
000 shares of our common stock
 representing a purchase price of $0.17 per Share. The transaction closed on January 23
 2018.

 2018
 the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with eight individuals residing in China
 who agreed to invest an aggregate of $1.6 million in the Company in exchange for an aggregate of 9
050
000 shares of the Company's common stock
 representing a purchase price of $0.18 per share. The transaction was closed on April 20
 2018. 

 2018
 the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with Xiuping Cai
 who agreed to invest an aggregate of $1.8 million in the Company in exchange for an aggregate of 10
000
000 shares of the Company's common stock
 representing a purchase price of $0.18 per share. The transaction was closed on April 27
 2018.

 2018
 the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with Hongxiang Yu
 President
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
 and Yimin Jin
 Chief Strategy Officer and Director of the Company
 who agreed to invest an aggregate of $5.0 million in the Company in exchange for 29
411
765 shares of the Company's common stock
 representing a purchase price of $0.17 per share. On August 8
 2018
 the Company entered into an amended and restated securities purchase agreement with Hongxiang Yu and Yimin Jin
 who agreed to invest an aggregate of $10 million in the Company in exchange for an aggregate of 2
352
942 shares of common stock
 representing a purchase price of approximately $4.25 per share (taking into account the reverse stock split subsequently effected by the Company). This financing closed on October 16
 2018.

 2018
 the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with Yunpeng Zhang and Zhongquan Sun
 individuals residing in the People's Republic of China
 who agreed to invest an aggregate of $750
000 in the Company in exchange for an aggregate of 150
000 shares of the Company's common stock
 representing a purchase price of $5 per share (taking into account the reverse stock split subsequently effected by the Company). This financing closed on August 2
 2018. 
        

    


 2018
 the Company and Shanghai Xunyang entered into a share exchange agreement with Taishan Muren and the sole shareholder of Taishan Muren
 pursuant to which
 among other things and subject to the terms and conditions contained therein
 Shanghai Xunyang agreed to effect an acquisition of Taishan Muren by acquiring all outstanding equity interests of Taishan Muren in exchange for Company's issuance of 400
000 shares of the Company's common stock (taking into account the reverse stock split subsequently effected by the Company) to Taishan Muren's sole shareholder. On September 28
 2018
 the Company closed this transaction.
        
        
        
        
        
        

 China. Since the restructuring of our company in September 2018
 our primary business
 which is carried out by Taishan Muren
 our newly acquired business
 is:


 such as sauces

            

        

 and the differences between the two periods expressed in dollars and percentages.

                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


December 31



                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        



829 


                        


                        



110 


                        


                        



719


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        



524 


                        


                        



465 


                        


                        



509


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        

                    

                        


                        

                    

                        


                        

                    

                        


                        

                    

                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



566 


                        


                        



691


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



191


                        


                        



042


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        

                    

                        


                        

                    

                        


                        

                    

                        


                        

                    

                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



501


                        


                        



500


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



076


                        


                        



076


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



352


                        


                        



039


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        





                        


                        



953 


                        


                        





                        


                        


                        

                        


                

                        


                        


                        

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        

                        


                        


                        


                        


                

Income/(loss) from discontinued operations
 net of taxes


                        





                        


                        



953 


                        


                        





                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        





                        


                        



305 


                        


                        



136


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        



758 


                        


                        



073 


                        


                        



315


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        





                        


                        



232


                        


                        





                        


                        


                        


                        



Year Ended December 31
 2018 Compared to Year Ended December 31
 2017
        

    

        
. Net revenues increased by $1.7 million
 or approximately 33.6%
 to $6.8 million in 2018 from $5.1 million in 2017. The increase of net revenue is mainly due to the acquisition transaction of Taishan Muren Agriculture Co. Ltd.
 which closed on September 28
 2018. 
 Our cost of revenues increased $1.5 million
 or approximately 19.4%
 to $6.5 million in 2018 from $5.5 million in 2017
 as a result of increase of net revenue.
. Our gross profit increased $0.6 million
 or 185.9%
 to $0.3 million in 2018 from negative $0.4 million in 2017
 mainly attributed to the fact that revenues increased by $1.7 million. The gross profit ratio increased from negative 6.9% to negative 4.5% in 2018
 mainly because of the acquisition of Taishan Muren Agriculture Co. Ltd.
        
. Our selling and marketing expenses decreased approximately $0.4 million
 or 96.8%
 to $0.01 million in 2018 from $0.4 million in 2017. The decrease is attributable to decreases of employee salary
 travel expense
 entertainment expense
 transportation fee and storage charge in 2018.
 Our general and administrative expenses decreased approximately $39.7 million
 or 97.8%
 to $ 0.9 million in 2018 from $40.6 million in 2017. The decrease mainly due to the spinning off the chestnut business and acquiring new business of spice plants and fruit trees in 2018.
        

 or 121.4%
 to $17.0 million in 2018 from negative $78.3 million in 2017
 mainly due to gain from discontinued operations. This increase is attributable to the sales transaction of some direct and indirect subsidiaries and the acquisition transaction of Taishan Muren Agriculture Co. Ltd.
        

 or 1.9%
 to $0.2 million in 2018
 as compared to $0.2 million in 2017
 almost remain the same comparing to the past year.
        

 which is reflected in the non-controlling interest of negative $3.7 million in 2018 and negative $15.1 million in 2017.
        

        48
097
 or approximately 155%
 to $17
144 in 2018 from negative $31.0 million in 2017. The increase is attributable to the spinning off the chestnut business.
        

 or 132.5%
 to $20.6 million in 2018 from negative $63.2 million in 2017
 mainly due to the sale or discontinuation of our historical business operations and acquiring new business of spice plants and fruit trees in 2018.
        

    

        
        

 our primary sources of financing have been cash generated from operations and short-term loans from banks in China. 

 2018 and 2017
 cash and cash equivalents (including restricted cash) were $1.1 million and $0.09 million
 respectively. The debt to assets ratio was 57.7% and 113.3% as of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. We expect to continue to finance our operations and working capital needs in 2019 from cash generated from operations and
 if needed
 private financings. If available liquidity is not sufficient to meet our operating and loan obligations as they come due
 our plans include pursuing alternative financing arrangements or reducing expenditures as necessary to meet our cash requirements. However
 there is no assurance that we will be able to raise additional capital or reduce discretionary spending to provide liquidity
 if needed. We cannot be sure of the availability or terms of any alternative financing arrangements.
        

                

                        


                        


                        
 


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        



153


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        

                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        



487


                        


                        


                        


                        



        

 the gain and adjustment to retained earnings as a result of disposal of subsidies of approximately negative $41.1 million and $24 million respectively in 2018.
        

 respectively
 with the
        decrease of approximately $0.3 million cash provided in investing activities primarily from a decrease in restricted cash of $1.0 million
 and the purchase of plant and equipment
 the sale of intangible assets and the payment for deposits all for $0.5 million in 2018.
        

 respectively
 with the decrease of $16.2 million cash provided by financing activities from proceeds from issuance of common stock&nbsp; and the increase in additional paid in capital for approximately $6.0 million and $9.5 million respectively in 2018. 
        

 estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements
 including the notes thereto
 and related disclosures of commitments and contingencies
 if any. 
        

    


 including those set forth in Note 2 to the financial statements included herein.
        

 2018
 there were no other recently issued accounting standards not yet adopted that would or could have a material effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements.
        
        
        
        
        

 2018 begins on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
        
        
        
        

 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

 our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31
 2018. Based on that evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of December 31
 2018
 our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting described below. 
        
        

 as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based upon the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on that evaluation
 our management concluded that
 As of December 31
 2018
 our internal controls over financial reporting are not effective. 
        

    


 2018 relates to the ability of the Company to record transactions and provide disclosures in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We did not have sufficient and skilled accounting personnel with an appropriate level of experience in the application of U.S. GAAP commensurate with our financial reporting requirements. For example
 our staff members do not hold licenses such as Certified Public Accountant or Certified Management Accountant in the U.S.
 have not attended U.S. institutions for training as accountants
 and have not attended extended educational programs that would provide sufficient relevant education relating to U.S. GAAP. Our staff will require substantial training to meet the demands of a U.S. public company and our staff's understanding of the requirements of U.S. GAAP-based reporting are inadequate.
        

 tutorials
 and conferences and employ more qualified accounting staff in future.
        

 during the fiscal year ended December 31
 2017
 there were no material changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation performed during the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.
        
        

 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets;

 and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and

 use
 or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 does not expect that our internal controls will prevent or detect all misstatements. A control system
 no matter how well designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of such controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of internal controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of misstatements
 if any
 have been detected or prevented. Also
 projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls in future periods are subject to the risk that those internal controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 


        
        
        

    

        
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
        

 age and position of each of our current directors as well as the date they began their service as a director. 

                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        



 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        



 Mr. Yu has served as a director of the Company since August 2016 and the Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company since September 2018. Mr. Yu has served as the head of the internal auditing department of Hongrun Construction Group Co.
 Ltd.
 a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange
 and as general manager for Hongrun's foundation engineering subsidiary
 since August 2006. In September 2015
 Mr. Yu established
 and has been the Chairman of
 Shanghai Highlights Asset Management Co.
 Ltd.
 a company engaged in assets management and private equity investment in China. Since April 2016
 Mr. Yu has also served as the Vice Chairman of Tianjin Dragon Film Limited
 a company engaged in investment in film industry including the both upstream and downstream chain of film production business in China. Mr. Yu received his Bachelor degree in International Trade in 2004 from University of Portsmouth in the United Kingdom and his Master degree in International Human Resources Management in 2006 from University of Portsmouth. Mr. Yu is well qualified to serve on the Board because of his extensive management experience.
. Mr. Jin became our Chief Strategy Officer and a director in November 2017. From 1995 to 2001
 Mr. Jin served as the General Manager in Shanghai Pudong Development Bank
 and from 2001-2017
 Mr. Jin served as the Managing Director of Shanghai Xiefeng Science and Technology Investment Co.
 Ltd. Mr. Jin received his college diploma from Shanghai Shanda College in 1993 and received his Bachelor of Finance degree from Shanghai Television University in 1998. Mr. Jin obtained his MSBA degree from Madonna University in 2001.
 Mr. Zhang was appointed as one of our directors of the Board and as a member of the Audit Committee
 the Compensation Committee
 and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee on November 8
 2017. He has served as the president of Jiangsu Siyuan Port Co
 Ltd. from 2014 to 2016. From 2012 to 2014
 Mr. Zhang served as the president of Jiangsu Xinmin Port Co.
 Ltd.
 and from 2008 to 2012
 Mr. Zhang served as the president of Rugao Port Group. Mr. Zhang received his Bachelor of Chinese Language degree from Huadong Normal University in 1991 and obtained his MSBA degree from Madonna University in 1999. 
 Ms. Shao became a director of the Company in September 2018. She has served as founder and chief executive officer of Shanghai Jianshi Management Consulting Limited
 focusing on cross-border advisory services for Chinese companies and strategic consulting
 since 2011. Ms. Shao served as Vice President in the Credit Derivatives Department of Goldman Sachs in New York from 2005 to 2010. Ms. Shao received a bachelor degree in computer science from Shanghai Jiao Tong University and a Ph.D. in Computer Science from Princeton University. We believe that Ms. Shao is well qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of her extensive experience with strategic corporate matters.
. Mr. Fang was appointed as one of our directors of the Board in September 2018. He has served as a director of Hongkong Zhuangyuanlou Food Co.
 Ltd. since September 2014. He served as chief executive officer of Yueyuxing International Trade Company in Thailand from 1986 to 1999. He served as chief executive officer of Beijing Zhongqiao Culture Development Company from 1999 to August 2014
 Mr. Fang received his bachelor of accounting degree from Payap University of Thailand in 1986. We believe Mr. Fang is well qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his extensive management experience in the food industry.
        

    

        
        

 age and position of each of our current executive officers as well as the date they began their service as an executive officer.

                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        



 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        



        
 Ms. Li was appointed to serve as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company in September 2018. She has been as an asset management intern at Shenwan Hongyuan Securities since December 2017. In August and September 2017
 she was an associate intern at China Investment Consulting. From November 2014 to June 2015
 she was a part time assistant at McKinsey &amp; Company. She received her Bachelor degree in Accounting and Financial Studies in 2014 from University of Central Lancashire in the UK and her Master degree in Management in 2017 from Warwick University.
        
        
        
        
        

                

                        


                        



 auditing
 and financial reporting processes; 


                

                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        



        

    


 Yilei Shao
 and Guangmig Fang
 all of whom are independent directors under SEC rules and the rules of NYSE American
 are currently serving as members of the Audit Committee. Ms. Shao is the chairman of the Audit Committee and is our audit committee financial expert. 

 a printed copy of which is available to any shareholder requesting a copy by writing to: Planet Green Holdings Corp.
 c/o Board of Director Office
 Suite 901
 Building 6
 No. 1678 Jinshajiang Road
 Putuo District
 Shanghai
 China 200333. During the fiscal year 2018
 our Audit Committee held five meetings. 
        
        
        
        
        
        

 Shao and Fang. Mr. Zhang is the chairman of the Compensation Committee. All current members of the Compensation Committee are independent directors
 and all past members were independent directors at all times during their service on such Committee. None of the past or present members of our Compensation Committee are present or past employees or officers of the Company or any of our subsidiaries. No member of the Compensation Committee has had any relationship with us requiring disclosure under Item 404 of Regulation S-K. None of our executive officers serves on the Board of Directors or compensation committee of a company that has an executive officer that serves on our Board of Directors or Compensation Committee.

 individual director or member of management.

 the Chairman of the Board of Directors or a majority of Committee members. The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer also provide recommendations to the Compensation Committee relating to compensation of other executive officers. The Compensation Committee held five meetings in fiscal year 2018.
        

 among other things: 
        
        
        

    

        
        

 in the event that a director vacancy occurs
 to be recommended to the Board of Directors for either appointment by the Board of Directors to serve the remainder of the term of a director position that is vacant or election at the Annual Meeting of the Shareholders.

 Shao and Fang. Mr. Fang is the chairman of the Compensation Committee. During the fiscal year 2018
 our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee held five meetings. 
        

 c/o Board of Director Office
 Suite 901
 Building 6
 No. 1678 Jinshajiang Road
 Putuo District
 Shanghai
 China 200333. Any such proposal shall contain the name
 holdings of our securities and contact information of the person making the nomination; the candidate's name
 address and other contact information; any direct or indirect holdings of our securities by the nominee; any information required to be disclosed about directors under applicable securities laws and/or stock exchange requirements; information regarding related party transactions with our company and/or the shareholder submitting the nomination; any actual or potential conflicts of interest; the nominee's biographical data
 current public and private company affiliations
 employment history and qualifications and status as independent under applicable securities laws and stock exchange requirements. Nominees proposed by shareholders will receive the same consideration as other nominees.
        

 or in the past year has served
 as a member of the Board of Directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving on our Board of Directors. 
        

 directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10% of our common stock to file initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 which we also refer to throughout this report as the SEC. Based solely on our review of the copies of such forms furnished to us and written representations from our executive officers
 directors and such beneficial owners
 we believe that all filing requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act were timely complied with during the fiscal year ended December 31
 2018. 
        

 executive officers
 including our principal executive officer
 principal financial officer and principal accounting officer
 and employees. The Code of Ethics addresses
 among other things
 honesty and ethical conduct
 conflicts of interest
 compliance with laws
 regulations and policies
 including disclosure requirements under the federal securities laws
 confidentiality
 trading on inside information
 and reporting of violations of the code. The Code of Ethics is available on the Corporate Governance page of our website under the Investor link at http://www.planetgreenholdings.com
 and a copy of the Code of Ethics is available to any shareholder requesting a copy by writing to: Planet Green Holdings Corp.
 c/o Board of Director Office
 Suite 901
 Building 6
 No. 1678 Jinshajiang Road
 Putuo District
 Shanghai
 China 200333. We intend to disclose on our website
 in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations
 amendments to
 or waivers from
 our Code of Ethics.
        

    

        
        

 2018 and 2017 for services provided to us and our subsidiaries and VIEs. None of our current executive officers earned compensation that exceeded $100
000 during the fiscal years ended December 31
 2018 or 2017. 

                

                        


                        

                    

                        


                        

                    

                        


                        

                    

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        

                    

                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                





                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                


 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman


                        


                        


                        


                        



154 


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                





                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



164 


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                


 


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



154


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



154 


                        




 2018
 the Board appointed Hongxiang Yu to serve as the Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company and Yu Li as the Chief Financial Officer. Pursuant to Mr. Yu's engagement letter
 we are obligated to pay Mr. Yu a compensation of $16
154 per year. Pursuant to Ms. Li's engagement letter
 we are obligated to pay Ms. Li a compensation of $16
154 per year. 

 2017
 the Board appointed Yimin Jin as a member of the Board and the Chief strategic officer. Pursuant to Mr. Jin's engagement letter
 we are obligated to pay Mr. Jin a compensation of $16
154 per year. 
        

 2019 (i) by each person who is known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of our common stock; (ii) by each of our named executive officers and directors and (iii) by all of our officers and directors as a group. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC that deem shares to be beneficially owned by any person who has voting or investment power with respect to such shares. Except as otherwise indicated
 the persons listed below have advised us that they have direct sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares listed as owned by them.

 the address of each of the persons set forth below is c/o Planet Green Holdings Corp.
 Suite 901
 Building 6
 No. 1678 Jinshajiang Road
 Putuo District
 Shanghai
 China 200333.

 percentage ownership is based on 5
497
765 shares of our common stock outstanding as of April 11
 2019.
        

    

        
                
                    
                    
                        

                    
                        

                
                
                    
                    
                        

                    
                        

                
                

                        

                    
                        

                    
                        

                
                

                        

                    
                    
                
                

                        

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

                
                

                        DEG-Deutsche Investitions- und Entwicklungsgesellschaft mbH 

                    
                        431
763

                    
                        7.85%

                
                

                        Xiuping Cai

400

                    
                
                

                        Shenzhen Jiamingrui New Agriculture Co Ltd.

400

                    
                
                


                    
                    
                
                

Executive Officers
 Directors and Director Nominees

                    
                    
                
                

                        Hongxiang Yu
 President
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman

1
176

                    
                
                

                        Yu Li
 Chief Financial Officer

                    
                    
                
                

                        Yimin Jin
 Chief Strategic Officer and Director

1
176

                    
                
                

                        Yuguo Zhang
 Director

                    
                    
                
                

                        Yilei Shao
 Director

                    
                    
                
                

                        Guangming Fang
 Director

                    
                    
                
                


                    
                    
                
                

All directors
 director nominees and executive officers as a group (six individuals)

2
352

                    
                
        

                

                        



 50676 Koeln
 Germany.

794
066 shares of common stock (without taking into account of the reverse stock split subsequently effected by the Company) that has been pledged under the Share Pledge Agreement
 dated October 19
 2010 and amended on November 15
 2012
 for the benefit of DEG in order to secure the obligations of the Company and Junan Hongrun under a Loan Agreement
 dated May 31
 2010
 among the Company
 DEG and Mr. Si Chen (the Loan Agreement). On September 7
 2016
 DEG notified the agent under the Pledge Agreement that the Company was in default under the Loan Agreement. As of October 19
 2018
 DEG entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Mr. Yimin Jin and agreed to sell and Mr. Jin agreed to purchase all of DEG's 10
794
066 shares of common stock of the Company in consideration for the purchase price of Eight Hundred and Sixty Thousand United States Dollars ($860
000.00) (the Purchase Price). Mr. Jin is obligated to pay a down payment of $86
000 within five business days and the remainder of the purchase price within three weeks of October 19
 2018
 after which DEG is obligated to ship the stock certificates with stock powers to Mr. Jin for transfer. The transfer of share of common stock of the Company has not been closed as of the date of this report.

794
066 shares of common stock of the Company being sold from DEG to Mr. Jin reflect the number of shares prior to the conversion of shares in accordance with the amendment to the Company's articles of incorporation dated September 28
 2018
 pursuant to which every 25 shares of common stock of Planet Green Holdings Corp. that were issued and outstanding as of October 1
 2018 shall be automatically combined and converted into one share of common stock of the Company.


                

                        


                        


                

                        



 2018
 the Company entered into an amended and restated securities purchase agreement with Hongxiang Yu and Yimin Jin
 pursuant to which Mr. Yu and Mr. Jin agreed to invest an aggregate of $10 million in the Company in exchange for an aggregate of 2
352
942 shares of common stock
 representing a purchase price of approximately $4.25 per share (taking into account the reverse stock split subsequently effected by the Company). On October 16
 2018
 the Company closed the transaction. Mr. Jin disclaims beneficial ownership of any shares held by Mr. Yu. Mr. Yu disclaims beneficial ownership of any shares held by Mr. Jin. 




    


        
        
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
        

 2018
 the Company entered into an amended and restated securities purchase agreement with Hongxiang Yu
 the President
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company
 and Yimin Jin
 the Chief Strategic Officer and Director of the Company
 pursuant to which Mr. Yu and Mr. Jin agreed to invest an aggregate of $10 million in the Company in exchange for an aggregate of 2
352
942 shares of common stock
 representing a purchase price of approximately $4.25 per share (taking into account the reverse stock split subsequently effected by the Company). On October 16
 2018
 the Company closed the transaction and received gross proceeds of $10
000
000 in the aggregate.

 we sold 100% of equity interest in ILH to Si Chen
 our former President
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman. We have included discussions of the transaction in our Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed on October 2
 2018.
        
        
        

 would interfere with the director's exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our Board of Directors has determined that Messrs. Zhang
 Shao
 Fang are independent directors as defined in the NYSE American listing standards and applicable SEC rules. 
        

 P.C. is the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal years ended December 31
 2017 and 2018 and the accounting fees in each such period were $170
000 and $140
000. Such fees related to audit services provided by WWC
 P.C. No audit-related or tax services were provided by WWC
 P.C. during such periods.
        

    

        
ITEM 15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
        
        
        

                

                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                
                    



                
                    

Articles of Incorporation of the registrant
 as filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on June 15
 2009. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant's registration statement on Form S-3 filed on January 29
 2010.


                

                        


                        


                

                        
                        


                        

 as filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on September 28
 2018. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant's current report on Form 8-K filed on October 2
 2018.


                

                        


                        


                

                        


Bylaws of the registrant. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant's registration statement on Form S-3 filed on January 29
 2010. 


                

                        


                        


                

                        
                        


                        

 dated December 28
 2017
 by and among American Lorain Corporation and Yi Li and Beili Zhu. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to registrant's Form 8-K filed on May 21
 2018.


                

                        


                        


                

                        
                        


                        

 dated April 14
 2018
 by and among American Lorain Corporation and the investors named therein. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to registrant's Form 8-K filed on May 21
 2018.


                

                        


                        


                

                        
                        


                        

 dated April 24
 2018
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to registrant's Form 8-K filed on May 21
 2018.


                

                        


                        


                

                        
                        


                        

 dated July 12
 2018
 by and among American Lorain Corporation
 Yunpeng Zhang and Zhongquan Sun. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to registrant's Form 10-Q filed on August 14
 2018.


                

                        


                        


                

                        
                        


                        

 dated August 8
 2018
 by and among American Lorain Corporation
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to registrant's Form 10-Q filed on August 14
 2018.


                

                        


                        


                

                        
                        


hare Exchange Agreement
 dated August 8
 2018
 by and among American Lorain Corporation
 Si Chen
 Planet Green Holdings Corp.
Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.
 Shandong Lorain Co.
 Ltd.
 International Lorain Holdings
 Inc.
 Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.
 Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd. and Luotian Lorain Co.
 Ltd. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to registrant's Form 10-Q filed on August 14
 2018.


                

                        


                        


                

                        
                        


                        

 dated as of September 25
 2018
 by and among American Lorain Corporation
 Shanghai Xunyang Internet Technology Co.
 Ltd.
 Taishan Muren Agriculture Co. Ltd. and Shenzhen Jiamingrui New Agriculture Co.
 Ltd. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to registrant's Form 8-K filed on September 26
 2018.



        

    

        
                

                        
                        


                        

 by and between American Lorain Corporation and Shenzhen Jiamingrui New Agriculture Co.
 Ltd. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to registrant's Form 8-K filed on September 26
 2018.


                

                        


                        


                

                        
                        


                        

 dated September 27
 2018
 by and between Shanghai Xunyang Interment Technology Co.
 Ltd. and Taishan Muren Farming Co.
 Ltd. *


                

                        


                        


                

                        
                        


                        

 dated September 27
 2018
 by and between Shanghai Xunyang Interment Technology Co.
 Ltd. and Taishan Muren Farming Co.
 Ltd. *


                

                        


                        


                

                        
                        


                        

 dated September 27
 2018
 by and among Shanghai Xunyang Interment Technology Co.
 Ltd.
 Shenzhen Jiamingrui Xinnong Co.
 Ltd. and Taishan Muren Farming Co.
 Ltd. *


                

                        


                        


                

                        
                        


                        

 dated September 27
 2018
 by and among Shanghai Xunyang Interment Technology Co.
 Ltd.
 Shenzhen Jiamingrui Xinnong Co.
 Ltd. and Taishan Muren Farming Co.
 Ltd. *


                

                        


                        


                

                        
                        


                        

 dated September 27
 2018
 by and among Shenzhen Jiamingrui Xinnong Co.
 Ltd.
 Shanghai Xunyang Interment Technology Co.
 Ltd. and Taishan Muren Farming Co.
 Ltd. *


                
                    

                        


                


                        




 by and among American Lorain Corporation
 Taishan Muren Agriculture Co. Ltd.
 Shenzhen Jiamingrui New Agriculture Co.
 Ltd.
 and the persons named therein. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to registrant's Form 8-K filed on September 26
 2018.


                

                        


                        


                

                        


Business Ethics Policy and Code of Conduct
 adopted on April 30
 2007. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the registrant's current report on Form 8-K filed on May 9
 2007. 


                

                        


                        


                

                        
                        


                        
                        


                

                        


                        


                

                        

                        


                        

 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 *
                        


                

                        


                        


                

                        
                        


                        

 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 *
                        


                

                        


                        


                

                        
                        


                        

 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 **
                        


                

                        


                        


                

                        

                        


                        

 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 **
                        


                

                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                

                        


                        


        

                

                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                

                        


                        


        

                

                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                

                        


Management contract
 compensatory plan or arrangement.



        
        
        

    
    

        

 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.

                
                    

                        


                
                    

                        


                


 2019 


                        


                
                    


 Chief Executive Officer
 President and Chairman


                

                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                

                        



 Chief Financial Officer
                        




 this annual report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

                

                        


                        


                        


                
                    


 President 


                        


                
                    

                        

                    

                

                        


                        



 2019


                

                        

                    
                    

                
                    

                        

                    

                
                    

                        

                    

                
                    

                        

                    

                

                        


                        



 2019


                

                        

                    
                    

                

                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        



 2019


                

                        

                    
                    

                

                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        



 2019


                

                        

                    
                    

                

                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        



 2019


                

                        

                    
                    

                

                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        



 2019


                

                        

                    
                    


        








 2018 AND 2017 



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
  
    
    



      of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 


      
  
    
    



      Consolidated Balance Sheets 


      3 
  
    
    



      Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 


      
  
    
    



      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 


      
  
    
    



      to Consolidated Financial Statements 


      to F-20 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

      Stockholders of 

    
    


    

      Lorain Corporation) 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm



Planet Green Holdings Corp. (formerly known as American Lorain Corporation) (the
Company) as of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 and the related consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive loss
 stockholders&#146; equity/(deficit)
and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31
2018
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements). In our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in all
material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December 31
 2018
and 2017
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the
years in the two-year period ended December 31
 2018
 in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 


Company&#146;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company&#146;s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting
firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to
have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over
financial reporting. As part of our audits
 we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 but not for the
purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#146;s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. 

of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or
fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well
as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 


 P.C. 

 P.C. 

 California 
April 15
 2019 






(F/K/A AMERICAN LORAIN
AS OF
DECEMBER 31
 2018 AND 2017 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
                    

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


  

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        

                    

                        


  

                        


                        

                    

                        


                        

                    

                        


  

                        


                        



062
643


                        


                        



493 


                        


  


 net 


                        



528
072


                        


                        



919 


                        


  

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



593
403 


                        


  

                        


                        



381
785


                        


                        



129
435 


                        


  

                        


                        



316


                        


                        



612
682 


                        


  

                        


                        



208


                        


                        


                        


                        


  

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



550 


                        


  

                        


                        



991
024


                        


                        



941
482 


                        


  
                    

                        


                        


                        


                        

                    

                        


  

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        

                    

                        


  

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


  


 net 


                        



371
518


                        


                        



663
290 


                        


  


 net 


                        


                        


                        


                        



167
870 


                        


  


 net 


                        



441


                        


                        



301 


                        


  

                        


                        



477


                        


                        


                        


                        


  

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



099 


                        


  

                        


                        



210
460


                        


                        



488
042 


                        


  
                    

                        


                        


                        


                        

                    

                        


  

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        

                    

                        


  

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        

                    

                        


  

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



773
780 


                        


  

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



511
656 


                        


  

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



074
829 


                        


  

                        


                        



228


                        


                        



150
604 


                        


  

                        


                        



135


                        


                        



142 


                        


  

                        


                        



799


                        


                        



317
038 


                        


  

                        


                        



499


                        


                        



295 


                        


  

                        


                        



656


                        


                        


                        


                        


  

                        


                        



607
813


                        


                        



610
994 


                        


  

                        


                        



921
130


                        


                        



279
338 


                        


  
                    

                        


                        


                        


                        

                    

                        


  

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        

                    

                        


  


 $0.001 par value
 5
000
000 shares authorized; 0 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively 


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


  


 $0.001 par value
 200
000
000 shares authorized; 5
497
765 and 1
530
980 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively 


                        



498


                        


                        



531 


                        


  

                        


                        



739
031


                        


                        



888
993


                        


  

                        


                        



810
953


                        


                        



103
354 


                        


  

                        


                        



038
883


                        


                        



628
547


                        


  

                        


                        



792
283


                        


                        



588
726 


                        


  

                        


                        



019
552


                        


                        



745
353


                        


  

                        


                        



289
330


                        


                        



791
296


                        


  

                        


                        



210
460


                        


                        



488
042 


                        








(F/K/A AMERICAN LORAIN
AUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
FOR THE YEARS
ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2018 AND 2017

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  

                        

                    
                        

                    
                        

                

  

                        

                    
                    
                        &nbsp;

                

  

                         Net revenues

                    
                        $ 6
828
887

                    
                        $ 5
109
998

                

  

                         Cost of revenues&nbsp;

6
524

5
464

                

  

                        &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Gross profit&nbsp;

304

(354

                

  

                        

                    
                    
                

  

                         Operating expenses:&nbsp;

                    
                        

                    
                

  

                         Selling and marketing expenses&nbsp;

                    
                        14

                    
                        431

                

  

                         General and administrative expenses&nbsp;

                    
                        874

                    
                        40
566

                

  

                         Total operating expenses&nbsp;

                    
                        889

                    
                        40
998

                

  
                    
                    
                        

                    
                        

                

  

                         Operating (loss) income&nbsp;

                    
                        (584

                    
                        (41
353

                

  
                    
                    
                        

                    
                

  

                         Other income (expenses):&nbsp;

                    
                        

                    
                

  

                         Interest income&nbsp;

                    

                    

                

  

                         Interest expense&nbsp;

                    

                    
                        (4
076

                

  

                         Other income

                    
                        11

                    
                        739

                

  

                         Other expenses

                    

                    
                        (2
500

                

  

                         Gain on acquisition

                    
                        423

                    

                

  

                        

                    
                        435

                    
                        (5
837

                

  
                    
                    
                        

                    
                

  

                        Loss before taxes from continuing operations&nbsp;

                    
                        (149

                    
                        (47
190

                

  
                    
                    
                        

                    
                        

                

  

                        Income tax expense

                    
                        164

                    
                        161

                

  
                    
                    
                        

                    
                        

                

  

                         Loss from continuing operations&nbsp;

                    
                        (313

                    
                        (47
352

                

  
                    
                    
                        

                    
                

  

                         Discontinued operations:&nbsp;

                    
                        

                    
                        

                

  

                        Loss from discontinued operations&nbsp;

                    
                        (24
049

                    
                        (30
953

                

  

                        Gain on disposal
 net of taxes

                    
                        41
194

                    

                

  

                        Income/(loss) from discontinued operations
 net of taxes&nbsp;

                    
                        17
144

                    
                        (30
953

                

  

                        

                    
                        

                    
                        

                

  

                         Net income (loss)&nbsp;

                    
                        $16
831

                    
                         $ (78
305

                

  

                        

                    
                        

                    
                        

                

  

                         Net income available (loss attributable) to:&nbsp;

                    
                        

                    
                

  

                        &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; - Common shareholders&nbsp;

                    
                        20
589

                    
                         (63
232

                

  

                        &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; - Non-controlling interests&nbsp;

                    
                        (3
758

                    
                        (15
073

                

  

                        

                    
                        

                    
                        

                

  

                         Other comprehensive income:&nbsp;

                    
                        

                    
                

  

                         Foreign currency translation gain (loss)

                    
                        (3
796

                    
                        1
417

                

  

                         Comprehensive income (loss)&nbsp;

                    
                        &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
                            $ 13
034

                    
                         &nbsp;$ (76
887

                

  

                        &nbsp;

                    

                    

                

  

                         Income/(loss) per share from continuing operations&nbsp;

                    

                    

                

  

                         - Basic and diluted&nbsp;

                    

                    

                

  
                    
                    

                    

                

  

                         Income (loss) per share from discontinued operations&nbsp;

                    

                    
                

  

                         - Basic and diluted&nbsp;

                    

                    

                

  
                    
                    

                    
                

  

                        Income (loss) per share available to common shareholders

                    

                    

                

  

                         - Basic and diluted&nbsp;

                    

                    

                

  
                    
                    

                    

                

  

                         Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding&nbsp;

                    
                        2
978

                    
                        1
530

                








 of
For the years
 31
 2018 and 2017

                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                


 January 1
 2017


                        



530
980


                        


                        



531


                        


                        



888
993


                        


                        



103
354


                        


                        



396
455


                        


                        



171
006


                        


                        



327
909


                        


                        



096
338


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



305
354


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



305
354


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



073
262


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



073
262


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



417
720


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



417
720


                        


                


 December 31
 2017


                        



530
980


                        


                        



531


                        


                        



888
993


                        


                        



103
354


                        


                        



628
547


                        


                        



588
726


                        


                        



745
353


                        


                        



791
296


                        




                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                


 January 1
 2018


                        



530
980


                        


                        



531


                        


                        



888
993


                        


                        



103
354


                        


                        



628
547


                        


                        



588
726


                        


                        



745
353


                        


                        



791
296


                        


                

                        


                        



843


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



831
221


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



831
221


                        


                

                        


                        



564
942


                        


                        



565


                        


                        



450
438


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



454
003


                        


                

                        


                        



000


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



399
600


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



400
000


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



292
401


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



745
353


                        


                        



547
048


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



738
891


                        


                        



738
891


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



758
443


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



758
443


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



796
443


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



796
443


                        


                


 December 31
 2018


                        



497
765


                        


                        



498


                        


                        



739
031


                        


                        



810
953


                        


                        



038
883


                        


                        



792
283


                        


                        



019
552


                        


                        



289
330


                        








(F/K/A AMERICAN LORAIN
AUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
(STATED
IN US DOLLARS)

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
                    

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


  

                        


                        

                    

                        


                        

                    

                        


  

                        


                        



831
221


                        


                        



352
102


                        


  

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


  

                        


                        



145
631


                        


                        


                        


                        


  

                        


                        



049
343


                        


                        


                        


                        


  

                        


                        



338


                        


                        


                        


                        


  

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



567
001


                        


  

                        


                        



191


                        


                        



110
403


                        


  

                        


                        



416
399


                        


                        



806


                        


  

                        


                        



548


                        


                        



009
657


                        


  

                        


                        



657
937


                        


                        



286
858


                        


  

                        


                        



048


                        


                        



403
764


                        


  

                        


                        



769


                        


                        


                        


                        


  

                        


                        



153
281


                        


                        



141


                        


  
                    

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


  

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


  

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



020
002


                        


  

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


  

                        


                        



694


                        


                        



187


                        


  

                        


                        



534


                        


                        



957


                        


  

                        


                        



228


                        


                        



772


                        


  
                    

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


  

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


  

                        


                        



454
005


                        


                        


                        


                        


  

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



242


                        


  

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



093


                        


  

                        


                        



977


                        


                        


                        


                        


  

                        


                        



486
982


                        


                        



851


                        


  
                    

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


  

                        


                        



473


                        


                        



220


                        


  
                    

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


  

                        


                        



958


                        


                        



659


                        


  
                    

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


  

                        


                        



212


                        


                        



054


                        


  
                    

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


  

                        


                        



062
643


                        


                        



493


                        


  
                    

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


  

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


  

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


  

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



160
864


                        


  

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



453


                        








(F/K/A AMERICAN LORAIN
NOTES TO AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2018 AND
2017

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      Lorain Corporation (the &#147;Company&#148; or &#147;PLAG&#148;) is registered as a
      corporation in the state of Nevada. The Company conducts its primary
      business activities through its subsidiaries located in the People&#146;s
      Republic of China
 including its new acquired operating subsidiary Taishan
  Muren Agriculture Co. Ltd. The subsidiaries grow herbs and spices
 sell sauces and other products developed from these herbs and spices
 and offer a variety of food and beverage products
 including packaged sauce
 tea and brown rice syrup
 to consumers and foodservice businesses. The Company also offered convenience food products
 which were discontinued in December 2018.
  
    
    
  
    
    
Summary of Significant Accounting
  Policies
  
    
    
  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      statements and these notes in accordance to generally accepted accounting
      principles in the United States of America; the Company maintains its
      general ledger and journals with the accrual method accounting.
  
    
    
  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      include the assets
 liabilities
 and results of operations of the Company
      and its subsidiaries
 which are listed below:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    

    









    


    
    


      10
000 

    
    
    
    

277 

    


    
    

919 

    


    
    

540
666 

    


    
    

797
774 

    


    
    

303
063 

    


    
    

913
049 

    


    
    

000 

significant inter-company balances and transactions in preparing the
accompanying consolidated financial statements. Ownership interests of
subsidiaries that the Company does not wholly-own are accounted for as
non-controlling interests. 

 2018
 the Company
incorporated Planet Green Holdings Corporation (&#147;Planet Green BVI&#148;)
 a limited
company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. On September 28
 2018
Planet Green BVI acquired JianShi Technology Holding Limited
 a limited company
incorporated in Hong Kong on February 21
 2012 and Shanghai Xunyang Internet
Tech Co. Ltd.
 a wholly-owned foreign entity incorporated in Shanghai
 PRC on
August 29
 2012. The formation and acquisition of these companies was to
implement the Company&#146;s restructuring plans.

 2018
 the Company was restructured by disposing its equity interest in International Lorain and its subsidiaries to the former Chairman
 Mr. Si Chen
 and re-acquiring certain equity interest in certain of these subsidiaries
; namely
 Shandong Greenpia
 Beijing Lorain
 and Luotian Lorain
 indirectly through Planet Green BVI.  Please refer to Form 8-K filed on October 2
 2018.  The Company entered into exclusive arrangements with Shandong Greenpia
 Luotian Lorain
 Taishan Muren
 and Shenzhen Lorain and its shareholders that give the Company the ability to substantially influence its daily operations and financial affairs. The Company entered into exclusive arrangements with Beijing Lorain; however
 the Company does not have significant influence over Beijing Lorain and Beijing Lorain is accounted for as equity method investment. 

 the Company's
management determined that it would discontinue the operations of Shandong
Greenpia and Luotian Lorain. Accordingly
 the Company has recorded full
impairment related to the value of those assets. 

 the Company was no
longer able to exercise significant influence over Beijing Lorain
 and
management did not believe that the Company would be able recover the value of
its investment; accordingly
 the Company recognized full impairment of its
investment in Beijing Lorain. 
Consolidation of Variable Interest
Entity 

equity to finance their activities without additional financial support from
other parties or whose equity holders lack adequate decision-making ability. Any
VIE with which the Company is involved must be evaluated to determine the
primary beneficiary of the risks and rewards of the VIE. Management makes
ongoing reassessments of whether the Company is the primary beneficiary.




 2017
 the Company formed Shenzhen Lorain as a limited company under the laws of the PRC. Through Shandong Greenpia
 the Company entered into exclusive VIE agreements with Lorain Food (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Shenzhen Lorain&rdquo;) and its shareholders that give the Company the ability to substantially influence Shenzhen Lorain&rsquo;s daily operations and financial affairs and appoint its senior executives. The Company is considered the primary beneficiary of Shenzhen Lorain and it consolidates its accounts as a VIE. On September 27
 2018
 the agreements were terminated due to the Company&rsquo;s restructuring and Shenzhen Lorain was no longer a variable interest entity under Shandong Greenpia.

 2018
 through Shanghai
Xunyang Internet Technology Co. Ltd.
 the Company entered into exclusive
arrangements with Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd.
 Luotian Lorain Co.
 Ltd.
 Shandong
Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.
 Taishan Muren Agriculture Co. Ltd.
 and Lorain
Foodstuff (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd. and its shareholders that give the Company the
ability to substantially influence Shenzhen Lorain&#146;s daily operations and
financial affairs and appoint its senior executives. The Company is considered
the primary beneficiary of these companies and it consolidates its accounts as a
VIE. 





 2018
 the following
entities were de-consolidated from the structure as a result of the sale
agreement executed on September 28
 2018: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    

    









    


    
    

659
135 

    


    
    

861
741 

    


    
    

123
985 

    


    
    

939 


 the Company discontinued the
operations in Shandong Lorain Co. Ltd. and Dongguan Lorain Co.
 Ltd. As a
result
 the financial results of these two subsidiaries are presented as
discontinued operations. 

 the
Company&#146;s board of directors resolved to discontinue the operations of Junan
Hongrun Foodstuff Co. Ltd. 

 2018
 the Company
disposed International Lorain Holding Inc. and its subsidiaries: Junan Hongrun
Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.
 Shandong Lorain Co.
 Ltd.
 Dongguan Lorain Co.
 Ltd. as a
result of the sale agreement. 

 the
Company&#146;s board of directors resolved to discontinue the operations of Beijing
Lorain Co
 Ltd.
 Luotian Lorain Co.
 Ltd.
 and Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
Ltd. 


statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts
of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Management makes these
estimates using the best information available at the time the estimates are
made; however
 actual results could differ materially from those estimates.


investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be
cash equivalents.


holds for investment purposes into trading or available-for-sale. Trading
securities are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in
the near term. All securities not included in trading securities are classified
as available-for-sale. 

securities are recorded at fair value. Unrealized holding gains and losses on
trading securities are included in the net income. Unrealized holding gains and
losses
 net of the related tax effect
 on available for sale securities are
excluded from net income and are reported as a separate component of other
comprehensive income until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of
available-for-sale securities are determined on a specific-identification basis.


available-for-sale security below cost that is deemed to be other-than-temporary
results in a reduction in carrying amount to fair value. The impairment is
charged as an expense to the statement of income and comprehensive income and a
new cost basis for the security is established. To determine whether impairment
is other-than-temporary
 the Company considers whether it has the ability and
intent to hold the investment until a market price recovery and considers
whether evidence indicating the cost of the investment is recoverable outweighs
evidence to the contrary. Evidence considered in this assessment includes the
reasons for the impairment
 the severity and duration of the impairment
 changes
in value subsequent to year end
 and forecasted performance of the investee.


accreted over the life of the related available-for-sale security as an
adjustment to yield using the effective-interest method. Dividend and interest
income are recognized when earned. 





carried at the original invoice amount less allowance for any uncollectible
amounts. An estimate for doubtful accounts is made when collection of the full
amount is no longer probable. Bad debts are written off as incurred. 


and finished goods which are stated at the lower of cost or market value.
Finished goods are comprised of direct materials
 direct labor
 inbound shipping
costs
 and allocated overhead. The Company applies the weighted average cost
method to its inventory. 
Advances and prepayments to
suppliers 

suppliers and vendors for the procurement of raw materials. Upon physical
receipt and inspection of the raw materials from suppliers the applicable amount
is reclassified from advances and prepayments to suppliers to inventory. 


less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided over their estimated
useful lives
 using the straight-line method. The Company typically applies a
salvage value of 0% to 10%. The estimated useful lives of the plant and
equipment are as follows: 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

  



    

    



    
    

    

  

depreciation of assets sold or otherwise retired are eliminated from the
accounts
 and any gain or loss are included in the Company&#146;s results of
operations. The costs of maintenance and repairs are recognized to expenses as
incurred; significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.
Construction in progress and
prepayments for equipment 

prepayments for equipment represent direct and indirect acquisition and
construction costs for plants
 and costs of acquisition and installation of
related equipment. Amounts classified as construction in progress and
prepayments for equipment are transferred to plant and equipment when
substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their
intended use are completed. Depreciation is not provided for assets classified
in this account.


amortized on a straight-line basis over a specified period. Amortization is
provided using the straight-line method over 40-50 years. 


purchase price over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired in a
business combination. The Company conducts an annual assessment of its goodwill
for impairment. If the carrying value of its goodwill exceeds its fair value
then impairment has incurred; accordingly
 a charge to the Company&#146;s results of
operations will be recognized during the period. Fair value is generally
determined using a discounted expected future cash flow analysis.
Accounting for the impairment of
long-lived assets 

long-lived assets for impairment or whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of assets may not be recoverable. Impairment
may be the result of becoming obsolete from a change in the industry
introduction of new technologies
 or if the Company has inadequate working
capital to utilize the long-lived assets to generate the adequate profits.
Impairment is present if the carrying amount of an asset is less than its
expected future undiscounted cash flows. 

 a
loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the
fair market value of the asset. Assets to be disposed are reported at the lower
of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. 





amount appropriated from the net income in accordance with laws or regulations
which can be used to recover losses and increase capital
 as approved
 and are
to be used to expand production or operations. PRC laws prescribe that an
enterprise operating at a profit must appropriate and reserve
 on an annual
basis
 an amount equal to 10% of its profit. Such an appropriation is necessary
until the reserve reaches a maximum that is equal to 50% of the enterprise&#146;s PRC
registered capital. 
Foreign currency translation


 and its revenues and expenses are translated at the average exchange rate during the period. Capital accounts are translated at their historical exchange rates when the capital transactions occurred.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

foreign currencies and all foreign exchange transactions must be conducted
through authorized financial institutions. 


persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 the price has been fixed or is
determinable
 the delivery has been completed and no other significant
obligations of the Company exists
 and collectability of payment is reasonably
assured. Payments received prior to all of the foregoing criteria are recorded
as customer deposits. Recorded revenue is derived from the value of goods
invoiced less value-added tax (VAT). 


incurred.


costs are expensed as incurred.


expensed as incurred.


mandatory government sponsored defined contribution plans are charged to the
either expenses as incurred or allocated to inventory as part of overhead.


using an asset and liability approach and allows for recognition of deferred tax
benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes
are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and
the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for
deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire
before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future realization
is uncertain. 


&#147;Reporting Comprehensive Income&#148;. Comprehensive income is comprised of net
income and all changes to the statements of stockholders&#146; equity
 except the
changes in paid-in capital and distributions to stockholders due to investments
by stockholders. 






(&#147;EPS&#148;) in accordance with ASC Topic 260
 &#147;Earnings per share&#148;. Basic EPS is
measured as the income or loss available to common shareholders divided by the
weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS presents
the dilutive effect on a per share basis from the potential conversion of
convertible securities or the exercise of options and or warrants; the dilutive
effects of potentially convertible securities are calculated using the as-if
method; the potentially dilutive effect of options or warrants are calculated
using the treasury stock method. Securities that are potentially an
anti-dilutive effect (i.e. those that increase income per share or decrease loss
per share) are excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS.


including cash and equivalents
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts and
other payables
 accrued liabilities and short-term debt
 have carrying amounts
that approximate their fair values due to their short maturities. ASC Topic 820
&#147;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
&#148; requires disclosure of the fair value
of financial instruments held by the Company. ASC Topic 825
 &#147;Financial
Instruments
&#148; defines fair value
 and establishes a three-level valuation
hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement that enhances disclosure
requirements for fair value measures. The carrying amounts reported in the
consolidated balance sheets for receivables and current liabilities each qualify
as financial instruments and are a reasonable estimate of their fair values
because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments
and their expected realization and their current market rate of interest. The
three levels of valuation hierarchy are defined as follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


      prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. 

    
    


      quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 and
      inputs that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or
      indirectly
 for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.
      

    
    


      unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.
  

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    


      features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480
 &#147;Distinguishing
      Liabilities from Equity
&#148; and ASC 815. 
  
    
    


    

      
  
    
    


    


      assessments
 litigation
 fines and penalties and other sources are
      recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the
      amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated. 
  
    
    


    

      
  
    
    


    


 the FASB issued guidance which
      simplifies the accounting for goodwill impairment. The updated guidance
      eliminates Step 2 of the impairment test
 which requires entities to
      calculate the implied fair value of goodwill to measure a goodwill
      impairment charge. Instead
 entities will record an impairment charge
      based on the excess of a reporting unit&#146;s carrying amount over its fair
      value
 determined in Step 1. The Company is currently evaluating the
      impact on the financial statements of this guidance. 
  
    
    


    


 the FASB amended the existing accounting
      standards for business combinations. The amendments clarify the definition
      of a business with the objective of adding guidance to assist entities
      with evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as
      acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or businesses. 
  
    
    


    


      the aforesaid guidance on the financial statements. 
  
    
    


    

      
  
    
    


    


      placed with banks to secure banking facilities in the form of loans and
      notes payable. The funds are restricted from immediate use and are
      designated for settlement of loans or notes when they become due.
  




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      majority of its domestic customers
 which include third-party
      distributors
 supermarkets and wholesalers; international customers are
      typically extended 90 days credit.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

528

    
    

534

    

    
Allowance for doubtful accounts



    
    





    

    
    




528

    





    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    


    
    


    
    

    
    




    








style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      2018 and 2017.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

846

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

746

    

    
    




    




593

    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

 2018
 the Company has provided provision to impairment of the investment of 30% of equity interest in Beijing Lorain as a result of management&rsquo;s determination that there will be no economic return or benefit from such investment.&nbsp;
  The amount impaired was approximately $975
164. 
  
    
    
  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

 plant
 and equipment consisted of the following
      as of December 31
 2018 and 2017:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

116

    
    

004

    

    


    


    
    

096

    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    




078

    


    
    

    
    
    

226

    
    

696

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
: Accumulated





854

    




032

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    




371

    




663




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    

      2018 and 2017 was $59
821 and $1
850
685
 respectively.





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

366

    

    
    




    




    

    
    
    
    
    
    

366

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    




198

    

    
    




    




167




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    


      rights represent the Company&#146;s purchase of usage rights for a parcel of
      land for a specified duration of time
 typically 50 years. 
  
    
    


    


 2018
 the Company did not have any
      land use rights. Amortization expense for the years ended December 31
  2018 and 2017 was $0 and $259
718
 respectively. 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

 short-term bank
      loans
 and current portion of long-term loan
 which consisted of the
      following as of December 31
 2018 and 2017:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Loan from Industrial and Commercial Bank
      of China

    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    

838

    

    


    
    
    
    

152

    

    


    
    
    
    

211

    

    


    
    
    
    

152

    

    


    
    
    
    

014

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Loan from China Minsheng Bank Corporation
 Linyi
      Branch
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    

535

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Loan from Agricultural Bank of China
      Luotian Branch
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    

536

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Luotian Sanliqiao Credit Union

    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    

536

    

    


    
    
    
    


    

    


    
    
    
    


    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Bank of Ningbo

    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    

229

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Hankou Bank
 Guanggu Branch

    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    

391

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Postal Savings Bank of China

    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    


    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
China Construction Bank

    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    


    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Huaxia Bank

    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    

536

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
City of Linyi Commercial Bank
 Junan Branch

    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    

535

    

    


    
    
    
    

073

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    






    





    

    
    




    




773

    

 which are
denominated in Renminbi
 were primarily obtained for general working
capital. If not otherwise specifically indicated above
 short-term bank loans
are guaranteed either by other companies within the group
 or by personnel in
senior management positions within the group. As of December 31
 2018
 all
short-term loans have been in default and have not been repaid. The Company is
in negotiations to renew these loans or modify the repayment terms and principal
amount due. The short-term loans
 which are denominated in Renminbi
 were
primarily obtained for general working capital. If not otherwise specifically
indicated above
 short-term bank loans are guaranteed either by other companies
within the group
 or by personnel in senior management positions within the
group. 

 2018
 as a result of
the disposal of International Lorain Holding Inc. and its subsidiaries: Junan
Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.
 Shandong Lorain Co.
 Ltd.
 Dongguan Lorain Co.
Ltd.
 the Company is no longer liable for all bank loans as they have been
transferred to Mr. Si Chen
 the former chairman. 




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

 debentures
 and
      long-term debt consisted of the following as of December 31
 2018 and
      2017:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Debenture issued by 5 private placement
Guoyuan Securities Co.
 Ltd.


    




    
    

    












517



  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Debenture issued by 2
SSC Securities Co.
      Ltd.








    



    




    





368

    
  
    
    


    




    
    

    
Loans from Deutsche Investitions-und
      Entwicklungsgesellschaft mbH


    




    
    

    












875




    




    





875

    

    












875



  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    










511




and interest on the loan with DEG in semi-annual installments on December 15
2012. As of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company had not repaid any principal
nor interest. The loan was collateralized with the following terms: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


      $12
000
000 on the Company&#146;s land and building in favor of DEG. 

    
    


 by Mr. Si Chen (a major shareholder
 and
      Chairman and CEO of the Company) as the sponsor of the loan
 to secure
      approximately USD $12
000
000 of the loan. The Company defaulted on its
      loan with DEG; accordingly
 on December 7
 2016
 DEG exercised its rights
      to foreclose on 10
794
066 shares pledged by Mr. Si Chen. The loan remains
      outstanding. 

    
    


      indicated in the Loan Agreement (Article 12(1)(a)) and the value of the
      pledged shares by Mr. Si Chen (Loan Agreement (Article 12(1)(a))) should
      be at least USD 24
000
000 in aggregate. 

    
    


      satisfactory to DEG. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    


 2018
 as a result of the disposal of
      International Lorain Holding Inc. and its subsidiaries: Junan Hongrun
      Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.
 Shandong Lorain Co.
 Ltd.
 Dongguan Lorain Co.
 Ltd.
      the Company is no longer liable for all bank loans as they have been
      transferred to Mr. Si Chen
 the former chairman. 
  
    
    


    

      
  
    
    


    


 2017
 the Company entered into a
      securities purchase agreement
 pursuant to which Yi Li and Beili Zhu
 each
      an individual residing in the People&#146;s Republic of China
 agreed to invest
      an aggregate of $1.275 million in the Company in exchange for an aggregate
      of 300
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock
 representing a
      pre-reverse stock split purchase price of $0.17 per share. The transaction
      closed on January 23
 2018. 
  
    
    


    


 2018
 the Company entered into a securities
      purchase agreement
 pursuant to which Zongqi Shi
 Aidi Zhang
 Qiong Chen
      Yi Li
 Beili Zhu
 Yanbo Wang
 Jinhui Chen and Guoyang Zeng
 each an
      individual residing in the People&#146;s Republic of China
 agreed to invest an
      aggregate of $1.629 million in the Company in exchange for an aggregate of
      362
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock
 representing a pre-reverse
      stock split purchase price of $0.18 per share. The transaction closed on
      August 10
 2018. 
  
    
    


    


 2018
 the Company entered into a securities
      purchase agreement
 pursuant to which Xiupin Cai
 an individual residing
      in the People&#146;s Republic of China
 agreed to invest an aggregate of
      $1
800
000 million in the Company in exchange for an aggregate of 400
000 shares of the Company&#146;s
      common stock
 representing a pre-reverse stock split purchase price of
      $0.18 per share. The transaction closed on August 10
 2018. 




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    


 2018
 the Company entered into a securities
      purchase agreement
 pursuant to which Yunpeng Zhang and Zhongquan Sun
      individuals residing in the People&#146;s Republic of China
 agreed to invest
      an aggregate of $750
000 in the Company in exchange for an aggregate of
      150
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock
 par value $0.001 per share
      representing a pre-reverse stock split purchase price of $0.20 per share.
      The transaction closed on August 2
 2018. 
  
    
    

  
    


 2018
 the Company and Shanghai Xunyang
      Internet Technology Co.
 Ltd.
 a subsidiary of the Company
 entered into a
      Share Exchange Agreement with Taishan Muren Agriculture Co. Ltd.
 a
      limited liability company registered in China
 and Shenzhen Jiamingrui New
      Agriculture Co.
 Ltd.
 a limited liability company registered in China
      the sole shareholder of the Taishan Muren Agriculture Co. Ltd.
 pursuant
      to which
 among other things and subject to the terms and conditions
      contained therein
 the Subsidiary agreed to effect an acquisition of
      Taishan Muren Agriculture Co. Ltd. by acquiring from Shenzhen Jiamingrui
      New Agriculture Co.
 Ltd. all outstanding equity interests of Taishan
      Muren Agriculture Co. Ltd. 
  
    
    

  
    


 in exchange for
      the transfer of all of the outstanding shares of Taishan Muren Agriculture
      Co. Ltd
 the Company agreed to issue 400
000 shares
 a post-reverse stock
      split amount
 of the Company&#146;s common stock to Shenzhen Jiamingrui New
      Agriculture Co.
 Ltd. The share issuance was accounted for as of September
      30
 2018 although the shares for subsequently issued on October 1
 2018.
      
  
    
    

  
    


 2018
 the Company filed a Certificate of
      Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to effect a
      reverse stock split of its common stock at a ratio of twenty-five-for-one
      (25-for-1). The financing transactions listed above are presented as of
      the reverse stock split had already taken place. 
  
    
    

  
    


 2018
 the Company entered into an amended
      and restated securities purchase agreement with Yimin Jin
 the Company&#146;s
      chief strategy officer and director
 and Hongxiang Yu
 the Company&#146;s
      chairman (collectively
 the &#147;Purchasers&#148;)
 pursuant to which the
      Purchasers agreed to invest an aggregate of $10 million in the Company in
      exchange for an aggregate of 14
705
883 shares
 a post-reverse stock split
      amount
 of the Company&#146;s common stock
 representing a purchase price of
      $0.17 per share. The transaction closed on October 19
 2018. 
  
    
    

  
    


 2018
 there were 5
497
765 shares of common stock outstanding.
  
    
    

  
    


 2018 and 2017
 the Company did not issued shares as stock compensation to employees. 
  
    
    


    

      
  
    
    

  
    


      the PRC. The corporate income tax rate in the PRC is 25%. 
  
    
    


    


      differences between the statutory and effective tax expenses following as
      of December 31
 2018 and 2017: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
                        
                            


                            


                            


                            


                            


                            


                            


  
                        
                            


                            



419


                            


                            



791
320


                            


  
                        
                            


                            



338


                            


                            


                            


                            


  
                        
                            


                            



000


                            


                            



590


                            


  
                        
                            


                            



081


                            


                            



190
910


                            


  
                        

                            


                            


                            


                            


                            


                            


  
                        
                            


                            



105)


                            


                            



697
830)


                            


  
                        
                            


                            



489


                            


                            



859
022


                            


  
                        
                            


                            



384


                            


                            



192


                            


  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Per Share Effect of Tax
      Exemption
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    




    




    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    




978

    




530

    

    
    




    




    

statutory income tax rate and the Company&#146;s effective tax rate was as follows as
of December 31
 2018 and 2017: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    






    




    

    
    




    




    





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      as follows:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
                        
                            


                            


                            


                            


  
                        
                            


                            



 


                            


  
                        
                            


                            


                            


                            


                            


                            


                            


  
                        
                            


                            

                        

                            


                            

                        

                            


  
                        
                            


                            



465)


                            


                            



352
102


                            


  
                        
                            


                            



903
129


                            


                            



953
252


                            


  
                        
                            


                            



589
664


                            


                            



232
092


                            


  
                        

                            


                            


                            


                            

                        

                            


  
                        
                            


                            


                            


                            


                            

                        

                            


  
                        
                            


                            



530
980


                            


                            



530
980


                            


  
                        
                            


                            



964
942


                            


                            


                            


                            


  
                        
                            


                            



978
233


                            


                            



530
980


                            


  
                        

                            


                            


                            


                            

                        

                            


  
                        
                            


                            


                            


                            


                            


                            


                            


  
                        

                            


                            


                            


                            


                            


                            


  
                        
                            


                            


                            


                            


                            


                            


                            


  
                        

                            


                            


                            


                            


                            


                            


  
                        
                            


                            


                            


                            


                            


                            


                            


  
                        

                            


                            


                            


                            

                        

                            


  
                        
                            


                            



978
233


                            


                            



530
980


                            







(f/k/a American
Lorain Corporation) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

 2017
 Taishan Muren Agriculture Co. Ltd. entered into four operating lease agreements leasing two plots of land where biological assets are grown
 two offices
 and farming facilities.  For the year ended December 31
 2018
 Taishan Muren Agriculture Co. Ltd. entered into three operating lease agreements leasing three additional plots of land where biological assets are grown.
  
    
    
  
    
    

  follows:


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    

    



 2031 

    



 2031 

    



 2031 

    



 2019 

    



 2031 

    



 2031 

    



 2031


these properties at December 31
 2018 are as follows: 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



      &nbsp;
    
    
    

    
    

382

    

    
    


    

    
    


    

    
    


    

    
    


    

    




578




    




679




the leases listed above as of December 31
 2018 was $2
679
524. 
        

                

                        


                        



        

                
                    
                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                
                    
                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                
                    
                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



229
451


                        


                
                    
                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



348


                        


                
                    
                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



500
799


                        




                





                

                        


                        




 2018
 the Company has reclassified the results of operations and the financial position of Luotian Lorain and Shandong Greenpia as discontinued operations. Selected details regarding those discontinued operations are provided below. As of December 31
 2017
 the Company has reclassified the results of operations and the financial position of Shandong Lorain
 Dongguan Lorain
 and the Minerve Group as discontinued operations. Selected details regarding those discontinued operations are provided below.

                

                        


                        


                        


31



                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        



072
253


                        


                        



050


                        


                

                        


                        


                        



305
382


                        


                        



788


                        


                

                        


                        


                        



177


                        


                        



738


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        



640


                        


                        



829
757


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        



232
157)


                        


                        



071
757


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        



097
926)


                        


                        



953
252


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        



583)


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


(24
049
343)


                        


                        


(30
953
252


                        




                











                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



198


                        


                

                        


                        


                        



266
022)


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        



338
588)


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        



877
127)


                        


                        



127
694


                        


                

                        


                        


                        



750
420)


                        


                        



261


                        


                

                        


                        


                        



232
157)


                        


                        



071
757


                        


                











                

                        


                        


                        


As of December 31



                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



550


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



099


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



686
649


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        



607
813


                        


                        



610
994


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        



607
813


                        


                        



610
994


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        



607
813


                        


                        



924
345


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        



607
813


                        


                        



686
649


                        




                











                

                        


                        


                        


As of December 31



                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



550


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



099


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



686
649


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        



607
813


                        


                        



610
994


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        



607
813


                        


                        



610
994


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        



607
813


                        


                        



924
345


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        



607
813


                        


                        



686
649


                        




                

















                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



537
134


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



721
021


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



916


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



559
071


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



559
071


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


        
                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



210
297


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



664


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



449


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



321
410


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



311


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                        


                        



099


                        





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    

      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      PRC. They do not carry federal deposit insurance and may be subject to
      loss of the banks become insolvent.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 the age of account
      receivables has been less than one year indicating that the Company is
      subject to minimal risk borne from credit extended to customers.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      term loans become due and require refinancing.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      Accordingly
 the Company&#146;s business
 financial condition
 and results of
      operations may be influenced by changes in the political
 economic
 and
      legal environments in the PRC.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      special considerations and significant risks not typically associated with
      companies in North America and Western Europe. These include risks
      associated with
 among others
 the political
 economic and legal
      environment and foreign currency exchange. The Company&#146;s results may be
      adversely affected by changes in the political and social conditions in
      the PRC
 and by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and
      regulations
 anti-inflationary measures
 currency conversion
 remittances
      abroad
 and rates and methods of taxation
 among other
  things.




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      by the PRC government. The Company has both a water treatment facility for
      water used in its production process and secure transportation to remove
      waste off site. In the event of an accident
 the Company has purchased
      insurance to cover potential damage to employees
 equipment
 and local
      environment.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      Historically inflation has not materially impacted the company&#146;s financial
      statements; however
 significant increases in the price of raw materials
      and labor that cannot be passed to the Company&#146;s customers could adversely
      impact the Company&#146;s results of operations.
  
    
    
    

  
    
    

  
    
    
    

  
    


 2019
 the 
    Company's executive officers determined to 
subsidiaries
 
Foodstuff Co.
 
Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff
    Co.
Ltd. for the interests of the
    Company and its stockholders.














    


    



        
        
        
        
 2018 in the People's Republic of China (China or the PRC) between the following two parties:
        
Party A: Shanghai Xunyang Interment Technology Co.
 Ltd.
        
Party B:&nbsp; Taishan Muren Farming Co.
 Ltd.
        



            


 and has the necessary resources to provide management and consulting services; 

            

        
        

 through friendly consultation
 Party A and Party B hereby agree to enter into and perform this Agreement.
        


                

            


    



        

            


 human
 management and intellectual properties
 and Party B hereby agrees to accept such management consultation and services in accordance with the terms and conditions under this Agreement. The management consultation and services provided by Party A include:
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

 including but not limited to providing the relevant data
 requirement and directions.
        


                

            


    




 this Agreement can be extended only if Party A gives its written consent of the extension of this Agreement before the expiration of this Agreement and Party B shall agree with this extension without reserve. If Party B's operation term is required to extended
 Party B shall use its best efforts to renew its business license and extend its operation term until and unless otherwise instructed in Party A's prior written notice.
        
        
        
        
        

 Party B shall pay relevant services fees to Party A which shall be determined according to the Appendix of this Agreement. This Appendix can be amended by the Parties in considering the circumstances.
        
        
        


                

            


    



        

 Party A shall be the sole and exclusive owner of all rights and interests to any and all intellectual property rights arising from the performance of this Agreement
 including
 but not limited to
 any copyrights
 patent
 know-how and otherwise
 whether developed by Party A or Party B. Party B shall execute all appropriate documents
 take all appropriate actions
 submit all filings and/or applications
 render all appropriate assistance and otherwise conduct whatever is necessary as deemed by Party A in its sole discretion for the purposes of vesting any ownership
 right or interest of any such intellectual property rights in Party A
 and/or perfecting the protections for any such intellectual property rights in Party A. The Parties agree that this Section shall survive changes to
 and rescission or termination of
 this Agreement.
        

 Confidential Information includes
 but not limited to
 (i) technical information
 materials
 program
 drawing
 data
 parameter
 standard
 software
 computer program
 web design in connection with the development
 design
 research
 produce and maintenance of technology disclosed by one Party to the other Party; (ii) any contracts
 agreement
 memo
 annexes
 draft or record (including this Agreement) entered into by the Parties for the purpose of this Agreement; and (iii) any information designated to be proprietary or confidential when it is disclosed by one Party to the other Party. Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement
 Party B shall
 return all and any documents
 materials or software contained any of such Confidential Information to Party A or destroy it
 delete all of such Confidential Information from memory devices
 and cease to use them.
        


                

            


    



        
        

 agents or consultant who must know such information
 subject to such employees
 agents or consultant being bound by confidentiality obligations at least as restrictive as this Section 3.
        

 Confidential Information shall not be deemed to include the following information:
        
        
        

 rules of any stock exchange
 or orders of the court or other government authorities
 in which case the receiving Party will promptly notify the disclosing Party
 and will take reasonable and lawful steps to minimize the extent of the disclosure.
        
        
        
        
        
        


                

            


    



        
        
        

 obtained all necessary authorization and the consent and approval from third parties and government agencies (if any) for the execution and performance of this Agreement. Party A's execution and performance of this Agreement do not violate any explicit requirements under any law or regulation binding on Party A.
        

 valid and binding obligations
 enforceable in accordance with its terms.
        
        
        

 and has full and independent civil and legal capacity to execute
 deliver and perform this Agreement.&nbsp; It can sue and be sued as a separate entity;
        

 obtained all necessary authorization and the consent and approval from third parties and government agencies (if any) for the execution and


                

            


    



        
        

 valid and binding obligations
 enforceable in accordance with its terms.
        
        
        

 if either Party is in breach of any provisions herein or fails to perform its obligations hereunder
 such breach or failure shall constitute a default under this Agreement
 which shall entitle the non-defaulting Party to request the defaulting Party to rectify or remedy such default with a reasonable period of time.&nbsp; If the defaulting Party fails to rectify or remedy such default within the reasonable period of time or within 30 days of non-defaulting Party's written notice requesting for such rectification or remedy
 then the non-defaulting Party shall be entitled to elect any one of the following remedial actions: (a) to terminate this Agreement and request the defaulting Party to fully compensate its losses and damages; (b) to request the specific performance by the defaulting Party of its obligations hereunder and request the defaulting Party to fully compensate all losses and damages of the non-defaulting Party.
        
        


                

            


    



        
        

 the Parties agree and confirm that in no circumstance shall Party B early terminate this Agreement unless the applicable law provides otherwise or it has obtained the prior written consent of Party A.
        
        
        
        
        

 Force Majeure will mean war
 earthquake and other events which are unforeseen
 inevitable and beyond the control of the Party.
        

 the Parties agree that the suffering party will waive any liability to the other party for any loss that result from any such Force Majeure
 provided that the suffering party shall continue to perform this Agreement after the Force Majeure. 
        
        
        

        written agreement is signed by both Parties.


                

            


    



        

 unless Party A commits gross negligence
 or a fraudulent act
 against Party B
 Party B shall not terminate this Agreement prior to its expiration date. Nevertheless
 Party A shall have the right to terminate this Agreement upon giving 30 days' prior written notice to Party B at any time.
        

 if any Party is going into liquidation (either voluntary or compulsory)
 or is prohibited to conduct business by the governmental authority
 the other Party shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement. The termination notice shall come into force upon the notice is sent.
        

 the Party that is held responsible shall compensate the other Party for all losses and damages thus caused by such amendment or termination.
        
        
        

 effectiveness
 interpretation
 performance
 amendment
 termination and dispute resolution shall be governed by the law of the People's Republic of China.
        


                

            


    




 the Parties shall first resolve the dispute through friendly negotiations. In the event the Parties fail to reach an agreement on the dispute
 either Party may submit the relevant dispute to the Shanghai Commission of China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission for arbitration
 in accordance with its Arbitration Rules. The arbitration shall be conducted in Shanghai&#65292;and the language used in arbitration shall be Chinese. The arbitration award shall be final and binding on all Parties.
        

 except for the matters under dispute
 the Parties to this Agreement shall continue to exercise their respective rights under this Agreement and perform their respective obligations under this Agreement. 
        
        
        

 postage prepaid
 by a commercial courier service to the address of such Party set forth below.&nbsp; A confirmation copy of each notice shall also be sent by email.&nbsp; The dates on which notices shall be deemed to have been effectively given shall be determined as follows:
        

 by courier service or by registered mail
 postage prepaid
 shall be deemed effectively given on the date of acceptance or refusal at the address specified for notices.


                

            


    



        

 a notice shall be delivered to the other Party in accordance with the terms hereof.
        
        
        

 Party B shall not assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any third party.
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


                

            


    



        

 disputes resolution and default responsibilities shall survive rescission or termination of this Agreement.
        

 illegal or unenforceable in any aspect in accordance with any laws or regulations
 the validity
 legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected or compromised in any aspect. The Parties shall strive in good faith to replace such invalid
 illegal or unenforceable provisions with effective provisions that accomplish to the greatest extent permitted by law and the intentions of the Parties
 and the economic effect of such effective provisions shall be as close as possible to the economic effect of those invalid
 illegal or unenforceable provisions.
        

 the Chinese version of this Agreement shall prevail. This Agreement shall have two counterparts
 with each party holding one original. All counterparts shall be given the same legal effect.
        
        


                

            


    



        

 the Parties have caused their authorized representatives to execute this Consultation and Service Agreement as of the date first above written.
        
Party A:&nbsp; Shanghai Xunyang Interment Technology Co.
 Ltd.
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
Party B:&nbsp; Taishan Muren Farming Co.
 Ltd.
        
        
        
        
        
        


                

            


    



        
        

            


 paragraph 1 to Party A based on the following terms:
        
        

&#20316;&#20026;&#26412;&#21327;&#35758;&#39033;&#19979;&#31649;&#29702;&#21644;&#21672;&#35810;&#26381;&#21153;&#30340;&#22522;&#26412;&#24180;&#36153;&#65292;&#35813;&#31561;&#22522;&#26412;&#24180;&#36153;&#25353;&#23395;&#24230;&#20998;&#22235;&#26399;&#24179;&#22343;&#25903;&#20184;&#65292;&#20057;&#26041;&#24212;&#20998;&#21035;&#22312;&#27599;&#20010;&#23395;&#24230;&#24320;&#22987;&#20043;&#26085;&#36215;&#30340;&#21313;&#20116;&#65288;15&#65289;&#20010;&#24037;&#20316;&#26085;&#20869;&#25903;&#20184;&#33267;&#30002;&#26041;&#25351;&#23450;&#20043;&#38134;&#34892;&#24080;&#25143;&#12290;
        
        
        
        

 Party B should pay Floating Charge (the Floating Charge)
 the amount of which should not be exceed total net profit accepted by the US GAAP deducting the Annual Fee of Party B
 to Party A in each quarter of the year according to management and consultation service provided by Party A. The amount of the Floating Charge should be determined by both Parties based on the following factors:


                

            


    



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

            


 Party A should provide all the required financial information to be used to calculate (the Financial Information) the Floating Charge on the certain quarter with Party B and should pay the Floating Charge within 30 days of the end each quarter. Both Parties can engage independent accountants with good reputation to audit on the Financial Information
 if any Party has a doubt on it. The audit would be conducted during the business hour and should not be affect the normal business of Party B.

            

        


                

            


    




            


 Party A is obliged to absorb all the loss of Party B and to pay the amount of loss to Party B.


                

            














   







src=exhibit10-20x1x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-20x2x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-20x3x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-20x4x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-20x5x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-20x6x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-20x7x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-20x8x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-20x9x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-20x10x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-20x11x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-20x12x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-20x13x1.jpg















   







src=exhibit10-21x1x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-21x2x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-21x3x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-21x4x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-21x5x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-21x6x1.jpg











src=exhibit10-21x8x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-21x9x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-21x10x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-21x11x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-21x12x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-21x13x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-21x14x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-21x15x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-21x16x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-21x17x1.jpg















   







src=exhibit10-22x1x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-22x2x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-22x3x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-22x4x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-22x5x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-22x6x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-22x7x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-22x8x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-22x9x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-22x10x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-22x11x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-22x12x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-22x13x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-22x14x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-22x15x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-22x16x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-22x17x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-22x18x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-22x19x1.jpg















   







src=exhibit10-23x1x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-23x2x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-23x3x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-23x4x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-23x5x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-23x6x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-23x7x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-23x8x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-23x9x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-23x10x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-23x11x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-23x12x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-23x13x1.jpg






src=exhibit10-23x14x1.jpg














    


    

        

                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                


 Ltd.


                        


                        


                        


                


 Ltd.


                        


                        


                        


                


 Ltd.


                        


                        


                        


                

                        


                        


                        


                        


                


 Ltd.


                        


                        


                        



    












   







style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
      

 Hongxiang Yu
 certify that: 

Green Holdings Corp. 

 this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

 the financial statements
 and other
financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the
Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 

responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed
under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the
Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to
be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

Registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as
of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


in the Registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred
during the Registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant&#146;s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or
is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&#146;s internal control
over financial reporting; and 

disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting
 to the Registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the
Registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
Registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
information; and 

 whether or not material
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
Registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 




    

    

 Chief Executive Officer
      President and 

    
    

    















   






PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 

 Yu Li
 certify that: 

Green Holdings Corp. 

 this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

 the financial statements
 and other
financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the
Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 

responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed
under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the
Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to
be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

Registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as
of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


in the Registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred
during the Registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant&#146;s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or
is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&#146;s internal control
over financial reporting; and 

disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting
 to the Registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the
Registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
Registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
information; and 

 whether or not material
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
Registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 




    

    

 Chief Financial Officer 

    

  













   






18 U.S.C. SECTION
SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Corp. (the &#147;Company&#148;) on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31
 2018 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
&#147;Report&#148;)
 the undersigned
 in the capacities and on the date indicated below
hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to his knowledge: 

13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

 in
all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation of the
Company. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 




    

    

 Chief Executive Officer
      President and 

    
    

    



906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will
be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request. 













   






18 U.S.C. SECTION
SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Corp. (the &#147;Company&#148;) on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31
 2018 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
&#147;Report&#148;)
 the undersigned
 in the capacities and on the date indicated below
hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to his knowledge: 

13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

 in
all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation of the
Company. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 




    

    

 Chief Financial Officer 

    

  

906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will
be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request. 











begin 644 form10kx001.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  0 P,# @0# P,$! 0$!0D&!04%
M!0L( 8)#0L-#0T+# P.$!01#@\3#PP

MVP!# 00$! 4%!0H&!@H6#PP/%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86


MM/\ XY3OB)\4-)\%ZU/9:OI&KM;VFG+J5U?VZ0M!!;F41
Y!E$AVE@2%0G'3



PB\2:6Y2W6



MXSQ7MYI
 FNM-M[J(W

UM?^)V@Z9XX_X1@W%J\PT^2[




;
M



?)Q

M











MBBB@ HHHH **** O


 1D
:](5P6QBG4 <'_P +%U;_ *)-X\_[
M\V'_ 
E4?\+&U;_HDWCS_OS8?_)5=Y10!P?_  L;5O\ HDWCS_OS8?\ R51_




6POO$&HF*U:1S=H8I
M455*J1GSF@& <\CL: '_  I\#ZAX/UJZ6.\MVTF:'$-N 3)?
9E0
5!V@
Y
M.2=S.3M7G=WM(IR*6@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H


M_D.O

MPH;;6E\


#




?'\^MQ_;]?U6QW^(




MTV(V/F17HGOYOMP=W1C&(H2KHH*X!'##Y0 =1_P@_C'_ *+1XL_\%ND?_(5'



EW
_[K]W)$@WA1

ML;&XL[[3]-6*6*:98W!

MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B







M)M7TIV:
T 9HT'2AXH;Q$+9O[2:U%H9O.?'E!MP79G;]XYSC/O6AM4]J=FC-


M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111




MENG

M#_4^M._X5M=?]%.\=_\ @Q@_^

0 6U*W&23@#_
(+V6'4O%=W]
MFT^);6:3S#@@;2B

A\G@E6(_+N!0!Z@IR.E+7!_\*WN


4 =Y17 K\.IFF:)?BCXY
M

MT1E*QJ1\LSC\: /3**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** N#_9M_Y)4G_8:U
M?_TYW5=Y7!_LV_\ )*D_[#6K_P#ISNJ .'^([7:_%C5O%6C:/=J;?^P]*FN&


M1+?20C2)8_-NM(^S&0QZC=1*3((DR6@6!RH./GW*HW5[!L7TI0H'04 ?/U_;


6]NOA9UM]0C
=NT=VI$;%)?-\S
7F94\%1M



0YCMS& Q4I@^89 5^


MQO \T94K717WC?X:^)M-M9Y=1EN50V]U9&&VNH[G





5T^K?\G.:#_P!BAJG_
M *6:?7=[0#DN$U;_DYS0?\ L4-4_P#2S3Z .\HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **JZSJ%GI6EW&I:A.MO:6D333ROTC11DD_@*Y/7OBQX*TBU\V]U&2)U=U


VQ6'/(+?*#W/'6
M@#6HH4Y7-% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M7!?LVD?\*K0?]1K5_P#TYW5=XP)& :X:X^#?PRGNIKF7P=IYEN)GFE8!AOD=
MBSL0#U+$D^YH [K(HR*X/_A2_P +_P#H3K#\W_\ BJ/^%+__P#Z$ZP_-_\
MXJ@#O,BC(K@_^%+_  O_ .A.L/S?_P*H_X4O\+_ /H3K#\W_P#BJ .\R*1L



M!2Y-P0W*\=.X/5Z]\
K;Q+X6\)Z)XCN+::U\.3^=):+81\'V::U$;1CY44
M13OP@ #!2


=EB%(I7:=AEI5C_ '8947&5)W%V)Y&3Z!D5P?\ PI?X




MWY.TL /[F1C% '*ZE\&?#=_=7$MWJ6KNMT\S2QK+$JGS6C9P
1@J#Y2?=([G





M8)QGT[=*C_X1S2##Y)MF
?D^1M





:_&;XL:-X$^)'@C
MPIJ:F;KQ7J1M[9;:Q






Y R1]14']D:64V'3K3;M5
M

MZ=








MB]




'B/0#&)!K6G%3&\@;[4F-B'#MG/13P3VK4HH S?^
M$@T3=M.KV&=T:D?:4^](

?Z2O/E_ZSO\ P]_3

M(

M(G/RG?%
YX(;S2&!ZCV2'?Y*^9C=CYL=







@ ]-F^%7
MA.&%IIO$'CB..-2SN_C_ %@*H'4DFZX%


EC+1 N9'!/E
MH65
 +P17'^ 4\;Z5X=\*Z3!9^*K6UL](\

ML\'#*
8S_;GCO_ 

MRQ:E&]NEI._V K&T:R
&3


MED^(.L*B*!DDDW6  .].M_A5X3GMXYX/$/CB6*50T;I\0-8974C(((NN017$






$ [
MS_A4OAC_ *#GCO\ \+[6?_DJH;SX8^#;3R_M7B;QK!YK[(_-^(6L+O;T&;KD



M].3=8K(T&;QIIOC=6EM-6BT_3[VZCN;18C+:OI@@'V3R
9W33: =QS+NX\

M#)M# 




M;8OI1L4# %0_;K+_ )_+?_OZM'VZR_Y_+?\ [^K0!/M7TI-J^E0_;K+_ )_+





\XK2P#5?[=9?\_E
MO_W]6C[=9?\ /Y;_ /?U: )]H/:DV+Z5#]NLO^?RW_[^K1]NLO\ G\M_^_JT

M4_\ 7_HEW@O_P )ZU_^-T?\*?\ A+_T2[P7_P$]:__ !NNTHH XO\ X4_\



MGK7_ .-UT#WFK7.4M--6V&94
//RX(:( L
M.3AL@X &0#SF[^$'P[U

8D%!M##
M@DDKD5#XJ_9X^$


MS!/UH6BCV_)$J!-S\@_,&))P-N#\LVG_#GX:-$^?A+X$U6WAC
\5EHEI'.


MR*Z3R-7T^


MV?=$H.;:XE6)@WR
I#
@)!X..?K0!E_\*?\ A+_T2[P7_P$]:__ !NC_A3_
M ,)?^B7>_\ PGK7_P-UT7]FW4;E[75[E
3_ # 

E


M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB


YH O49




MQDA &!/./\)O$_B?7M8O;?Q#IT=BMO!;O#&MC)$7+P0NYW.YR [NN-HQMQDD

=U


MEQ(0L:9A9W.2[Q# 8[AG/!Z\\FMQ^U>41=+
GMS0!1
M;29H


M6CLC



VUA9M=74FR-2!D*6))(   !)))  '))H Q_BAXAE\+^[W



W[M?L\2D?-EIEY *ANW^%/B2_\
W3^S;JUD
MEDO)48-*J[=J*I&,KR<@\\9P*YY^$FL:A;W-GJ=U8M9W'G
L27
I$-)(\=
MFHV@&-F1ATSY8&U1C'L5% '._#71M7T+0YK'6+Z.]D^V320S*!N:-FW R$*
MN7)+$\=\9.



MGL-*$/VMI(WC
I6<?VN68K_
M *5+D,[7)CN3\O\ K8!/$J#N(5^9<*%WOAOX'U+PGXLN[B[@;1[F%PEL26D




@Y\L#'OQ5B'6=+EN?LPO8TF
KQ+%)^[=G498*K8+8!!R.
'-
M%ZBD5@W2EH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBFR
6<IO-'0R
M0RH'1MK7P(RK X(R.]7_ /A//%__ $13QI_X
-%_^3Z .\HK@_\ A//%_P#T
M13QI_P##1?_ )/H_P$\\7_ /1%/&G_ (
-%_\ D^@#O**X/_A//%W_ $13
MQI_X
-%_^3ZJ7WQ \=26[?8/@AXNW_

IH
M[5M3N)YO*LM.N6S-&\LP\E!A<[AN^9@2< @'OV%
%CJUU'_ *=J?D!D3='9

&&
H **** BN#

G


MOB:R\WR/@AXS#3RF65OM^B[I'/5B?M_7@#V  & 
5:_X3SQ?_P!$4\:?^##1
M?_D^@#O**X/_ (3SQ?\ ]$4\:?\ @PT7_P3Z/\ A//%_P#T13QI_P##1?_







#KBF30PS1F.6))

Z)$4=C, H%RJYWY)4\@#KEU'48(_]

45P?]K?&?_H0O G_A<7G_ ,JJ7P;X
MM\7W'Q)?PEXM\,:+I<K:4=1@GTK7I;]742K&4826L&TY;.1N_@#NZ*** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ I)/]6WTI:23_ %;?2@#AOV7?^39_AW_V*.E_^DD5
TADU.W
MFCOX9X;S3[5;E[22



XZ9%?.=O?_%QHI(KI?&4*2P2S1*EE(SASI;G:[K'P


M_P 2_P#I\OJ[R@ HHHH X/X2?\E$^*'_ &-5O_Z9=
KO*X/X2?\ )1/BA_V-
M5O\ ^F73*[R@ K/\0:[HNA01SZWJUCIL
T@BCDO+E(5=ST4%B 6/H*T*X+]H

M_PQ0G_]+(:[RN#N/^3G+3_L4)__ $LAKO* BBB@#@_B9_R5OX;_P#83OO_



4 ?0]G

\T43




M^RW

M&-HANP1P%W

8
MKKZ N#F_P3FK?_ +%7_TKCKO*X.;_ ).:M_\ L4)?_2N.@#O**** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ I)/]6WTI:23_5M]* .&_9=_P39_AW_P!BCI?_ *21

M6*1H6( [GCBN2O?B7_PC]Q;KXQ&D6!NM-^W+9VE^;B]C'F1H%^SA0\BCS#F1


9'CCW'



S1A


?
M=W+!(06_YYLN






0
MH &3W/% %BBBB@#@[C_DYRT_[%?_P!+(:[RN#N/^3G+3_L4)_\ TLAKO* 


\R%/GADE\MBR(0%*]$X'R\5+.U^D.K61


M'*5/SB*.4$%2004F0_4D=JXC6/A[\%8;QM$U!H(KF2+[
UF_B&Y2619;=;78



7AGP]:7%JFFZI87]

MWK0@
P/
*MAC@;ACT)I^

KP H)!\[
M)D;B*N:UX4^#^J:2NN:A=64ECJ8



2T6PNM0CGEB6%)K:!)V=/,*LQ*.0 !C<I&
M<$$VO OA[X-WFK0ZGX4U'3[^XTZ%95:T\02W*I%Y/V=6=/-967RU* L

UE';V_B&X=5AN4*- LWRQLJE53[HY 9.0#U2WE

M:/AV/3PCI?\ Z215WF10 5Q7Q/WGQ=X16[C#Z0VH3?:U*%U:46\A@#+W&X'
M_O\ EXYQ7:Y%1W$








+B(@_[Y6M#^WM#_ .@SI_\

M94DERTKPW&!NQ*%A


MN5&


Z?_X%)_C1_;VA_P#09T__ 


8_\

M
)
!


MHOAO_P &

S2Q:KK\NLI?3SV[(B22+*BR@2%A)





K! 
\&M/_A=7PD_Z*-X;

0HR$EC!) S*!
MD;J@_P%U?3_HHWAO\ \&



8_\ &@#NZ*X3_A=7PD_Z*-X;_P#!C'_C1_PNKX2?]%&\
M-_\ @QC_ 
: #]G+_DG-U_V-'B#_ -/%Y7=UY_\ LR7
%Y\*6OK659K:\\0Z


^JGTH ]?HKA
M/^%U?3_ **-X;_\&,?^-'_ZOA)_P!%&\-_^#&/_&@#8^+^GZIJWPI\2Z7H
MC

ML]C++

M1E1(3D8YQP:O?\ Z?A'_T47PW_ .#&/_&C_A=/PC_Z*+X;_P#!C'_C0!W:
MYC/7'-+7?\+J^$G_11O#?_ (
8_P#&C_A=7PD_Z*-X;_\ !C'_ (T =W7!
MS?\ )S5O_P!BA+_Z5QTO_ZOA)_T4;PW_P#&/\ QK%\(^+?#/B_]HX7?A?7
M;'5X+7PI)%/+9358W-TAL1T) )_@#U6BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH

F:=;
MES#:6<*Q11EW+L0J\#+,S'U))K1HHH **** .?USP)X(UK4I-1UGP;X?U&\E
MQYES=Z7#-*^  ,LRDG  'T%5/^%7_#3_ *)WX4_\$EM_\175T4 <I_PJ_P&
MG_1._G_ ()+;_XBC_A5_P -/^B=^%/_  26W_Q%=710!RG_  J_X:?]$[\*
M?^2V_\ B*/^%7_#3_HG?A3_ 
$EM_\ $5U=% '*?\*O^&G_ $3OPI_X)+;_


-%% !1110 4444 ?_V0$!
end








begin 644 exhibit10-20x1x1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!# ! +# X
A .#0X2$1 3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B



M1MV2WC&Z.$3Q!BQ'#-EQ@CL!GGG/I:TK4;UH':^AC:&

?M$4BON [%5S\V/

PDE2.QYZ

M+3O$!:WOY[\QM:6KA5O+=&



M S!Y0@8* 8'#


W[T
%/RG:&/(4MC&[VSFH8]?TR67RUN&R)C 2T3JJR#^
M$DC /UZT :=%4QJ=FUVUJLVZ9200%)&0


74;22?9 #)'Y3*XR,KE2 0#Z]*2WUE;
MC4+6 .J++;M,R2PR(_! R,@#'7KSTH UZ*SXM:L)HI9(YF98T,A_=MDJ/XE&
M,L/<9%+9:Q87\HBM;C?(T0F52C+E<;AD#(SQ0!?HJCK5Y+8:5<7%O%YLZ(3

LK33*D
@B
MD+6THV

?\ 6&
*(V+%@
G@9/'.1QCF@]15.7
M5+*$Q![A?WJAU*@L-IZ



Q/G?_=(


MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@


--%D6PGM7CB





9'7/X5DZ1:R:J^J6D
MMN(AJ[3R-YAWA0P(PH'(.


M(TL(&H01HI#
2K*N#G(YSUSUJQ-HM[=:C;RS^0L(LGM9=DK;@6'5?EYQ]171




M YF?PLK7T;(J-8FV6WD@



M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4453OK^*T
MMI)=\;

X4YXJ*XO!ZJ%W[HGE!!XPN/Y[J
M+5%1QR15Y 8J&*YY -4IM5$3W!-O(\4(^^A7YCT. 2







4*W0GC/TS56VU2&::]1GC5;:0(#OSN&Q6S


MS^5 %RBHI)O+ELC;I8N!D#'8_G^AJ-+L&989(W21F8*#T(7'/TY% %FBJR
MW\#R+&/
#
[(
Q. .Q)''MGKVS4J2AI&C(*NO.#W'8T 244UF5%+,P4#N3B
MJB:EVH36NY (XDDW[Q@[BPQ^&W]: +M%5Y+N-(X9%/F)




_/85
MM4R2-)4*2*&4]0: *EG)<)*UO);R$9

R2Q7DJ2%3%Y-P8

M3566VEFO4#E MLA.8WVB


MIWK;    & .U





B*Q0[E+#.T^HI] &3K-YI^R
M33[J\MH&N$Q+YLJH=AX/4]2

C!D!CVA5SU(;)/I


L\8E^S3#:7&228\?GM/Y&J
\D::U*48
QO(]VGOR7Z




M&+  $]3CK0!3L61KB\


M

[E[#ZUK52GM9WU**XBD1$6)HWR

5P#G//

M6? RQ(Z



ME^!&%DB?]VVYB=OS]N
'(_$?C49O'AF2&YF@A;R0S;VSELX.#\N?R%6[:!;:


6[N9&DVQRA1@%N<#!S@B@

5.X(


8^;

= #@_AUIDEIJ#O(=T85RP $Q^56 !'


Q7)*YZ$=Z
MUYH6D@$:

,^]2_:;<S^1Y\7G;=WE[QNQZXZXH FHJL+R. 237=OM^8[]P5< G/4]

M?%=2KYGVV%;=8T5C)YFZ

HD&P?CT





M
^:OSG.

M5(M2M)K^6QCGC:XB4

M^H'XT 6J

[I%-&[H=K*K E3Z'TZBF7%R8)$00R2;PQRBD]!G&0
#/

J_*IZ$\\@U








@

!\P4 ?H.

M
\(


M=U9/)ZR+:I&J14HS+C/RAEY*C/&X9K8HH R;^TN(]7M]4M8O/*1-!)&L


3L1WV+P
G)P
M?Y4 87]FZC/!=AK00M/IYMU3Y%2-ANPJA2?EY&
G\NE27NGWE[+(([-K9I]/



MX[D:W=S/92P6\L$(0LR8!7=D85C_ '@/3Y3[9UZ* 

MQ&




MTC\NUMXH$Z[8TC\A4U '/1:2PU.8W5G/
OG^?%
MVPC'3@IN'(Z?=((ZFJM







M#KD
#[&@#G#;3R%

ZBTL

8'NI_^O2ZV/-L&M5YEN&6-%'7J
G\!D_A3[34&N+M[:2RN
M+=U0.?-

JQ_+R2
M..O'7FLUK2^\ZTG@AFBD*Q)

2

M0KNVAM_M$LB%43Y1\W8_
0..M9-]97L_]J^5I4H^TV



M$DNE+:AM\?S2 
#SN_VAS_L_3

MR

I8#YN#@=\E&E.VIW#WEE-.LDRSQO
M'=$1J0J\,FX9((.#@YXKHJIZM?'3=-GO!TWDKN**0

MPR0W;2_9Q






QDJ1G&S@-T'MVZVJ]Y=I:(A9

74Q


I-/

MVT%UI02/4)[?SY&82V[!$5HRNBJ HW$=1W/;-:_AHM_8ZQM%+$8Y9%2Q-&


#@9(R!C/MU/:@#G;WF$UDYM
M98=0AE8W\WE$5=K?Q8P^3MP!DCVIMK*^W1A]EO%
5W



@#CBCQ$D']J:.]Q$\L

2C[6[3*2C&.:=F _VL

M*\\C!S]G:%9C\XSD83O@'((Z9]Z 
 1W/ H7=QSD*/
[\Y/&:

MDZR6ZPA9-J%8FB#J 




MMG1C 5)^9@Q&%/?@Y)QD55@TTO)=2W;7Z7B^=NQ&%1T.['[P*1C&!NR#]*W
M?[T?_H%6/\ X#I_A3)?#NBS1-&VE685A@E(54_@1@C\* 

M5.F^7=%XBJS
539U'S]\'L.*B72UF6TBN(;VVM#:QB(6]LI*2\[R04)1LD?-
MQ]:Z#PWHMOL2:7:%5Z&2(.WXELDU)_86C_ /0*L?\ P'3_  H P;V!-^IM




MTN&0/%IMG&XZ



BLYKX6?]H_VC&/LD*QO';@LLJY#YW(2ASCY

RM@J&/!!Y


M('5L8.1SQ73WMG#?VKVURK-#(

JN5R/3((-211K#$D:;MJ  ;F+''N3R?QH
M YF:S-[K+371OT4F.2S:*W'R@*

M10 5R^KRO/KLT%AJ1WBVJ@0!US+AB2AR0=OI@C.:ZBB@#D;B_MI+/3K?3[





\'(XQVKK:* .5U+4(8O[=
=^L$L;1'*2 -G:!C\^..:MBYBGU6875_);N


MKD9ZUOJ

'(INK:JD
M



BY;

XY'&
5W%% ')FZGO=5&=62U $3VPL?/7:VW#A7R=P(VDBN
MHDABF*&6)'


MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB


X^N.: )**:S*B[F(


/L\_P!^ S#[T78?SK:I* .4TR)#%II$





M'U_*G-IUPU\EX;W]ZD31#]T


MQDM\@8#/)Z?A3K_0X+JVDBA=K8R%BS(




MX:

8]%D
$3S2?:)MHP!O+2





=??TK0MM0M[IHUA




A

MS[.(IXV-G)' QWOV4_/U]N


M4C9@^.H! Z^W6@#1HK..N:;]C@NEN=\5QGRMB
S/CKA0


FHZS+#%$)CODP/A21ECENOX8_&


%:-@5!

M=F1?W$F2PZKC;][VZU
NL6#6:72SDQNYC4!&W

AU/4)[-+:2$R
$B




1AL=\$XH NT5E)XBTR27RXYI'8

G

=G
M
81Y43*6/KRQQ]/UJTVL0C7/[


M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %85_I$U_XA@NKBULI[**(Q[)6+

M8R
8QG\:W:* 

MQV5IY$A$C9)( R!M]O4=:Z*B@##6S_LO5-7U2[EB^Q721E\@DKM4J01CISU_

M58[A;9R)2Z77*RPKNW *

M?2NLHH YK5-#U+4+QY6N(3&L\
L*
[?(JYW+C'



%*
MXX/RCKCJ

M6=5O)E@V7C(8]CDL HP


SZ!=1W%O]ABMDMX;6
M6$(\[D@OSU*G(!]_P'2EM= O83H

NT$' _+CZUTM% %7

MQ5$ P0IP




?G74IVPP@XW'U/H!W- %RBH8;B.1VB




M5TN[?SGB=0[
8]B
^Y




M+-)$C2*I4
PR0#@D?H* 
?3[:




M1[:%[JWB9%QL:15(Y]*UDMH(YWF2&-99
;S^)''XY[5TYM;=E53!$0@PH*#CZ4GV.U_Y


^#Y4:?



 98;F/)X
MR.M=AY
8F:;8/
=0C-W*@D@?J?SIGV.V\A(/L\1BC(*(4&U2.F!0!E:JRQW1


M/*
94#=M[9(/7'2I].VC6;I5*DK9VX;!'!W2YS[UK5%%;PPO(T42(TAW.57&



=2
\]O3%:6AZA/JEO#=%X?*

756X&6R OL
'.

9Q4=].;R^\.W226\L








]MK=4$$+%8(_E0\@]!P.<<XH U:*R-+U*YFU&:QNUB
B0I
'B4
MJ


M#EL\Y(SC Q[UVE !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %47TFT?4EU!EE^
MTJ
!O/? 'IMSC'MBKU% %.\TNROIEEN8!(ZHT8.XCY6Z@@'FHXM%L(9[::.)




XS4]G
M;+:P;%15+


!CVJ9=

3R#8#UQ\U:=% %6QTZUTZR%
MG:1M% 



6F_?.2S'

U


MX-6[:TAM%D6!-HDD:1OF)RQZGFIZ* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HK'OI[E#J31RRKY$6Y-NWG:3SFK
#3_/)
M*5


JP

?ES@


M [BN=H;(XX^\!^% &O15-OMXVA6@Y5\GRR0#_#_$/Q'?U%6(#(8$
P42[1NV
M]
T 24444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% &?J6G0W%K=LMNDEQ+$RJ6 )SM
M(&

[]BWM[9_+%7H3(84


AHW#2'^$[D*X]


N$BSY2'U(QN/X9 'N?PKV%LR7\C_9W@
WBD=(;A1YCYY#<Y

$ZP):QQ-*9I T
MLV0 /FRV03GH

CMUJQ10 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% %#5[Z;3[19X8$GS(D95Y2F-S!0?NGN13H;NX3S

M@GOCO]3++;S_ -J6L\6DNL
=M


 3C/M0!B0Z[<^6D]U8Q16YN#;%X[@NRN'*9P4'&1Z_A6I'?6<KR


D#\ZYV\T_4)[ WB?:UO!.)UL\P[0X( ^;K
MC:


MKC'K[53U'5!;7-M;P/;O+).B2HS_ #HK'J%']:QY;] OS%I,BM-?PW['B&
MY5*EC]X=U8\_WA[XG:QU *D(LQ*T=_\ :?/:50&4L3[D$ @=.W% '25A2:[=



%Q
MYJ\9[GG@5F7EI?RZC#



M 'AAP2*VXW$L22+D!@&&1@\URTVFR3R:F\WA]Y9[B;=!
SP@H-B@?
'W+@@G




8E'RG

M'5@17







M;NSGN


_3KV-<\=*N96M6O+*XE@:S2VD@BNMAC(SDL P# Y]3TK0T
MJTDMM6OV-D8(95CVR;E(8J




^ 


MT@'#9.
'IGK]:J6VB3^3-$\
\=VBRK%=FZ9H_G!^8)NX/(R-H'?- &E%JWGZ
M\ME;R6TMOY#NSQON8.K*IQP.&^OT[Z,\T5O\T\BQQH-S
QP *Q;&VO3JUC
]M+:6.*XNH8I)#A%DDEOH#UIXN(&G:








@D^:-3T) !_7'UK/&FR2_

M8BTT0C8
1@

M22WMQ-@*^'R-H(S_  YSGJ/:@#IJ*Y*U
TNGSRPZW'-Y@3=&3(@C8'+!F+LT
M9(R.
8QG'6E_M!)+G3WNKV:ULYX9PZFYPF58 








M;5GD9=2
0#SX781]TJ




AD
M4*^^




=R\Y[9]Q0 L





 0Z@L

=
M





& =0P!'
M0\]ZEHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** J4VGK-JD%\;B96@1D6-=NPAL9SD9[
M#OV^M7:* BBB@ HHHH *@DMO,N4E::0HHXA^79N_O=,Y_''M4]% #/+7S1)
MCY@, YZGT44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** FLZH68*!W)Q3JS-40-()%;=(L9
M01J
DY93D^@^7]: -%71F958%D.& /(.
\TI('4BL2!X1=(\S.K.V790_ERL

EM.SV\+XC;#



M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !56\MY+@*$DC0*P;YDW'@_7H1Q
M5JB@#
M=-FMG1EE@)50O^I/3.3_%U/K[KEW\]M)%')Y;.I&XKN'(]*GHH

(R.(S@!L?7 )^E4(M!ND6U5[Z!A!=27!Q;
M$;M^[*_?X^^W/T].0 'B[2R)BK.ZQ1F4&/:^Y01DX4DC&1]X#]#4UYXCM;%$


 V.
=#[T
M:U%
BW^4GF[?
VC=MZ9[XI] !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 54N-0BM[^ULW24R7)8(P0[1A2W
M+=.@/'6K=9&K
5U?2(IG5)G9V2%F@QLH)(&!R10!KT5&DJO)(@#YC(!RA


#W^E9T5Q:[@MU=
MK#)YS*JRSM'(5WG: 
@]E^M '0TE1/;0RMO9


\5+;WCSRA! =H^\^[A:IZB%FW!I!L4\NS85





_Q^XJ2*[F:TD=EC\\.R1QD[=Q'\/4

$?*?SI\\F-)F=H4)-R  W\#%P PR.2#@]

V^6.

1CRV'I^'/K4]U'%=VMO&&-P!*K%R 3A&#$G _V0




@ ?9WPO+A_*(
'DQR

2

*OEM^F3^9H
&XEQQ J/O


C'K[_GVJC!;3(8






MYJY?\SN=Y&^XA1%_O[6!./IS^1H L66H2W$ELK+%^^@\Y@I.4&!C/Y_I3[R]
MDAG41K'Y*\2R2

MN8WV

D9SWW=#BJNGJLWV2




M-:23&1HDN

4D7&SC!X/3/6LL*Z2

M8EUETFGRMALGY1Z@G@?6F-?3K=-$8DRRYC4MCGW/OV'^R:;)$KZ%(L
HE




\=:6B@!
 =J
4M% #0JKG: 
G)P.II:6B@


M

M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4

EO

Y'.
5/K=


MPTG4+6\T]G^S-#:K




=M*7DWR



)EWE&.
SW6)0D%Q









MZ/;QY5


'ISCI[5874;5S+B4@1;B
MS






 1^.!CW'
MXV*JW*&XEBA .Q'$CMV^4Y 'OG'Y4 6J9)(D4;22
%11DD]J?5/5;+^T--GM

$@'!#JH(.3Z''/7-._L


M6K**VDF8RCRXVE
;0NK[%P=K ''(YJMKX:.[TN[=2UK;7!:;YVY0A6QZ G



M]W.0
_(
#'48Y--O]30'5I4U9


MH$

6H0B59VU9Y&74C$ \^%V$?=*C (^HXH Z*ZOXK6Z




MO .T$%R%&0
$* ?QH ZVBN6FNHUTEI]-U*:5G

 '
M &*5Y)+73$E_M:&[B64R!C

\I2=
7%Q#=2Z9%,D:RN)1NW; #QR%R!QZT =

37%S:R8C5)=WEJ57





1]% (R&(!X[@T =75




M&:&9@ &
A7[I[_+CUS[T =DK%LY4K@XYQS[\4ZN0&IHS6D7]L



M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!!-;^=*C-+($7DQ#&UB#D$\9XQV-3T44





M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !116;J5Q?6H



X]??C-






HQD#.2!GD'H
F@W17,VFH3
MM=WRXW;KI$7]X/E!2
$KE
=HA2-GDE?MC'8=SS^5 %JBLF

\XYH NT5E07+
MK(L'VC




#
M@*0RJS'I@XR





R[W$BH%&-C*Q);CG(QQS[FI*** *VH13





M_P^=)8]BI&K.X)8!CG(Z=A@Y]Q0 Z]@DN6CC3HC!V8]R.B_3/)JE MW;
$
MDLIY
SN^89$V 
Q/.2#CGTK6C=9(U=#E6&0?:JJZE;/.(8Y$9S(8@-PSN49;
4Y0'=M3&YOH.F?<DGTQ2Z9:W-I;P1.R;/*4.O.58#'![C_ #WHN=2E
MBN(8HK*67?.8F.Y1C

M6UGC^WQPP)LF?*%GQUC4$]#WS5RV$RJJ211JJJ!E7SD_3 J.ZOQ!+;HB19M
M_P P;@;5S^/2I+2Z6X@@=MB2RQB3RP^2 : *D^EVPDLQ%9Q;(Y?F^0?=V,.?
M7G%2W5E&FFWL5IJM-&_RH
!F*X'\A5:XUQ(-0F@






M6KFV
^H0EU)A$
BOZ'+)@'\C^57:* 

+BW1H(OF3,F,MZD8[=OS]*O44 5K0W.Z5;E%^4_NW!SN4^ON.E1
M/IV]7'VB4!I1+M &,A@V.GM5ZB@E9I-OO9)(FB
LN4&03@(JY].H-2V44T-



SW42V'D6^#&3( V


MZ25602OO5]P)^ZH]3SQ[TS^RP1.JQI'BX1XFQDA0(\X_[X_2M6B@B]AFWO%
M8B9IV+J& &#LC^55K2PEANVD
2Q#[

M


M;!I4AECNY;CR[,% N !P ?Y5H44 4+VS6Z+1A&&\;9)-Q'RGJ.O/'Y?I3;


O&X9X./


M9^S(

BY%9:1L;@(\(\E1.O
0QA6PG./3WK=DC210'4

M]123P17
+13QI)&PPRN
@T 9-_;^?I-HJJJA%C)?:
@97@?4X_ 4T13K+$!Y

MZ%C^A%9GA_STT?2FEN8! UK&HC\LAB2HQ\V[^E7Y-.L99&DDLK=W8Y9FB4D_

X'/U-
M.M[.VM2YMX(XM^-VQ0H./I0!AW$+VVK*/
0VSO+)$

:-ZJH!H



*JC  H
M 545?NJ!P!P.PZ57U3R_[+N_.V^5Y+[]W3&TYJU4
]NEP%60ML5MQ4'AOK[4






M]35=]6O?)OCY*!K:Z\G=&C2[4VJVXJ

X






W






!N
@YQVH TZ*J:E=M9VZ
@4
MO)*D2[N@+


MU$QRY!(/!''I_GI0!T%


M-

\
MCI5QM4E2\MXYMD




'


GT')/H.
GB@U25@0ZS?2S01VY::ZEMGD*NN-H8A@AYY]?


5Q#$Z


M[/[3:V@E468O&\R7R_D(Z#Y3D_EV]:EO-7GLC;M/:1+'*T:






/8YK/N?$+
MK8BZMK
2*+



MG2V%O-=PW3J_FP B,B1@ #U^4'!_$5+=3&WM99EC:0QJ6V*0V.W/%8I\1R

MJ/O?3Z8'H*LV5G!86J6ULK)#'PJERV!Z9))JD-4NF:*%+2$W4T9F2
SD+Y8V
M\EMG!RV
 'ZU7DU;^TK

9B&2I (!RV58=NG44 7AH]BOGA8
MG59\EU65PN3U( .%)YY&#0-'L?.
IB=F:$0-OE=@T8&
$$X/4]?6L;3-8FL]
YMO)@ELVNU8






X
M-1RZ#I\QF

M2!QD8XXJ272;.:(1R)(R@ '

MV]P)!^\( Y('.3C&*F_MEPT\#VRBZ2X6W2
2Y5V9 X.[' V\GCMWH L7&CV-
MT;@RQ
?M&/-VR
N[&




M?(9=


G!/(J:WTZ



(

;Q+?33!AQW;!7OTZYZU:&DV8
/R2$0D%0TSD9&
M
$@G#$8&

-/N/LX@




D'!]1T(]#4!TJT:UEMG65XY5V/OG=F*^FXG./;-*]M=
M-(S+=*%
JN 4;[H'*G##\QCW!KD7-Z)]2@TV;4I+Z&\5;;
LKQ*F 2'+$KC&







5SU[=/:IXM;TZ9BJ7&-MN+DE
MD91Y1&0V2


_M

YH
M6TL4M9)I!(\DDQ!=G@\=!P ._UJ&[TH75T\YN[F,O8J;,!3UZJ3FA-;L)
M(99EF?RXP6
3@



X).
M
YY/0]^:TZ* 

N;
MH+
BK(JN!N*G(;.
@_0X]JU** 



ZUTF.WNTN6N;F:6.

M &?J:L7MF+R+RVFDC4@@[-I# XX(8$=JLT4 9+:!;&0NL]P@W1L%5AP4  P2
M
XP.F??@\T?V%$?-+7=TSO/]H1\H#$^

MF8SQQHP8H



MH2.

;BY@^TO'*ZHR
M\
F


MEDE;N[XR?R  _ I** $K/TS25TZ:YE6[N)VN7WR79C=TS\JCL/I6C10!GV

M_
^V-VB@#$C\

*!^!!J6\T9)KNWOVFN9+BT1Q





MPA\^13&
MX']P?*W3J?R-=!10!B0:-)&EYR0?99@NVVWL8\YRS#CY,^@SC&:OZ5;3VE@
MD-S*9'4G&7+[1GA=Q +8'&2*N44 9MRGVO5K4(19EI7;MN*E0OY
3[8'K5^
M(R&)3
JI(1\RJVX ^QP
_E3Z* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B





.
M#[4 7**RY-3F23;]G3DI_&?XLXZ+5VSF-Q:QS,H4N,D#M0!/1136;:A8] ,T
M .HJGI%V]]I5M=2JJR2H&95Z ]Q3[J=XI843&')W'86QQ[4 6:*J6]Q))=2Q
M/C8J*RML*Y)+9Z^F!^=12W[_2V1K<*06+F3)P& QCL3GU[4 :%%4K;4!<M


Y7:SGH


M'7'/KD?A0!9HKG;7Q#/+;0RM:C#V\
C$

L2
&:YN8BK?NWPOR$<;5
M/)/?+5!=:G)#=00$(S9=_



M$[?S&* -2BHK:;S[:.4%#O4'Y&W+^![U+0 4444 %%%% !6/KZFCC@^UB]

'\*DHHH KWUM]L


2B;R8T1

TH

DD\D$^G\JV'=%&790




ME7&Y@

&JU^S2PO:P'][*-I(_@4\%C^N/4U95T9F56!



#T/4Y^OL*UJ* 

M[ 98MBQ6AC;GD








MQVML-^7BACPP+8$;@DDY(!QVQBK

MF1 (SASD?+['TZT]BJJ2V HY)- &6;2=+CS751$MP92QF/\_P .,?K1ZR:



F*02(TC
M1AU+J 64'D ]/Y4 5;:YMI$E9+HY#!7$C &-L=#T-4W!.L1M]N;;]G<;_DX



H'ID\9]ZRK62Z6X:V1E1FCA\D*74\



8QW''XT 4M53:79 7+G

]

VW:V6X.T9_#K^%6S9(Z2)*=
MRO


SSQWB^6%P1YH5I?ISQCMGJ2:O
MS2H--B\N M#O2/9



AD4'$9(P0V.




8?P@^@[^IX]:U*I0
M6
UM D


?A


D07]

;=*Y9GD5<?,Q)) YQUXZT 95S.TUDR@;RUO)*0)'RA7 Z]\UH:?Y<R

R.

]4_L%[!--)9WL0\Y@S?:(#(1@ =0R]@



NUD\QE)@NLSL!&ZR 

M6$TJ-M4@$*

M/GKGCI^8K0AT^VC$)
$32Q 8?8


M

M^4@$Y.359K^X^UB(+Y8VIPZACDEQGAL8^6K&IVZW=HT!B5VD^0$KG9G@M[8%



?)E
MEWR*A^8Q$;L'&XGISZ?6H9H%;49B8@5V(!\F1W_V34^G(8K)T2$C:[[5/&[+
M$^@[GTH K/J


MT8PN+B.






MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH


M-\B[@#$PP
XYX^7OUQT/I4'VJYN-1GM[5H4CMMHD:12Q9B
[0 1C@CGGKTH

'!R
=:%U:S:**56F



97GCYL4 7J*S#KVFJ'+3N @8MF%QC:V




.O3(ZB@]15
M:6=XK^&)MODRJV000XQQGIR

MC%O4!3N!S@\YY'X59H **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH :Z[T9


JWT**)$


MSG Z9Q[5JT4 4(]+6/[./M




B+0D9
M'^US22&6W6!X\)LVJ25QA1R

=NIY






M39'6-[L%51DDTZ@ HHHH **** BBB@O\ 9?\ 3_M7GR_ZOR_*^79USGIG
M/XU8HHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH


[*6F*B/:8]H7YE8





%QE9V/_
MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C
M8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V/_P  1 /$ D$# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBLW7YI;?2WGBNWM3&Z%G4*?E+ '.X$=#G\* -*
MBLPU63[5=)%-+JMM&L?ES1(A8NQ(*Y7G'!SQC/-6/[?@*VP2UNGEN))(UB


MSVJY:W$=W:Q7$1S'*@=3[$9H FHK

MU/'%^&0RQ!S&\9Y^5QR* )**R5UV+
 DM+F+SK@VWSF/Y''8X;OSTST^F91J
M




4K_N
M\8V

8!C.


FG3ZW!#-/']GN7\AD65PF%4-T.21D?3- &G15!]42._CM9
77H8A<;[6ZS!&)G&U?]


I[4 6**SVU51'%BTN3<2;L6V%$
MF%ZGE@N!D<YYR,5$-?M9'C2&XFDDB:556/'W3AADD $'MG^8H U:*SH-9M[



UY



P4[6QU! 8'!]
M
_G6?!H$MM+:&&\C6*VN))Q']GZ[]V5&&&
!C^G'K:GURSBABD7SI1)+Y6$A

MPZ@_




QE1D^4G (W

*Z5%\IK?< %['+88')SP*GTNQ&G62VX<
 2?E!5

?N)QQT/K4\VG3-/8/!<1


CD'L1G-0G7M-&T&=A([%!

MD
ELYOX&

98GT[#M^%
?5+..
MY%N\I5R2 2C!
@9(W8VYP#QG-0+KVG.(F229TE8*DBV\A1B3C 8+CK[T 9^G

D.W8Y

CD8(Y'YTHU2S-V+;SOWA





MRD2
P3[C;0QZ MC )R

MEAA2)
[44*

J6=\RK;2ERT8E7
M*,H93W!(Y]\=.] %%]$FDU!+R6\5GCF$J'RCN4;I4$L0!SD8'US5+3;:9[L

!C&B


4 %G


M^WZ?CHW&IVEK



@269)7#RK&!&A8Y8@=


8F
L1?'RLP(PP_


(V_JW!4CIS[Z^D)




2R72B.XCC552+#1M&VY6W






(
G#9Y Z8]QO$A02Q  Y)/:F

N]G(=




ZP6EJ+F;9YC*9-GRYQP2.3[' ]Q5TD 9/ H R[JSO7

MVZ5.FJ)+J-O;11EXKBW
Z3AAM8 @8 Z_Q _C5PE_-4!5\O!RV[D'C'&/KW]/


M+E03P-Q +8]2


YQTINF


!\OS#(X)V]








X]O2J



E2=CAAM*X VD'


M



M0!RWARWN+[2-*FW6XCM(B861RS%RA7YACC&3QDY]J6;1-5FM[W?);O/=VBP.
M9)F8;@6RV=@P







FUM)%2




%4LQ  Y)/:D#$NR[&  &&.
'^M


MY'SH4(QZ@@$5G:I$BZI87+6SRJ/
B=DB+D!EX!P.F?7BM([((253H=J+G\

MF'4 LH!/!XZ\&M&@#BPD3Z)!:3:==2.T\RB2:RDE
,!5ZD%T4G.5R!Z

M]

=BK(!&S!C@D8^7@G)R



@COSD=Z;'#
M$DJSBSO#*NI%@[V\K

!HI7C./0E2

MRLH+!R04+1L3@YX[Y-:D4
T'B!9%B:59F^=I(2'C 3&1(/E*Y_A/.22*W(T6
M- B*%4=A3J &OC8V[.
'.W.?PQS7(6


%R-Q&0

M=L+M5F(Z_*V



H=

+H6*PE-UO:@E)L

S 8Q
M(3SZ $_A6U10!R27R)=_+?N8;/4S$Y-R2%B:+^/)Y&_@$]



?7(4G@%1TSQ@UV]-5P











=\]Z9
MJEX(]/OY=-U28VWV4LTGGEC'-D84
V203E1C&!C&:ZZ.1)8UDB=71AD,IR
M/K3Z .9NI[6+5K.#^UI%M9[265E^UGGH0P;.[D;N^


DUAJ41N)6@3R)D)NWD(4D;COST

&X]B.U;E55N;2

M6!8WOFS65M=:E+'^]N8WC^T8+*0N7.&/'0Y!Z5V%-WCSF&R!G[IQ^?2@#E
M[/4HYH=

M;K2)6N;EUN(W^=;R7YF*KT(;COP/0U:TR*87;6
SW+?8I&D\UIG/FJWW 3GY

9('([TWP\X;5M2
5Q]NB?RV^V''S'!&S(
M^4XQGY0.M=#10!@WMTW]L7MK%J/ER-9AD0G(C;)&0!SZ'UYJUH%R;BUE!!S%


32'
0'S)UYR5(Q_M5

5X;D8^0
M8&!D]



QW
S=6/K0!R=C)%9V4
4M


'@Y[_7N
M






0IC!.T[#QC;@[@/QK?J&&Z@GF



WWA^2]BO[RYN8)I
M2EV_P ZK(3M(!\KCL.HKKJ* .=O;J**.UU!;Z6&.[NXBJM
=KQ]. 3P/F
MXQUYIUI.);F5IKR5-3CDE M?-.&3)?N^A&-IW 9]ZWHW$B!U# $9&Y2I_(\
U;FB7 N=/#@'ABN?
M.\X''=7_ (A[UHT4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5EZ]<W-K!:O;3+#O
MNHHY4#95F /7IUK4K.UG3I-3MXHHYHH@DR2GS(O


MEB2!MP

RQ
MSVEU=1PRP67FR-#@K

9I
MTME:S,2VT,@C^YNC!V_3TH Q[EUD\$!HG4C[(F&'(ZFW3:F;B^MK2_D=HH


M)'.Y8QR%\\8QR*WX(5@@2)/NH

;2 RN0S.8QN)' )..U)'IUC%;M;Q6


GCH
M.*?/9VMR\;W%M#
\1S&TB!BA]1GIT'Y4 8^@N;34;NP:VEM8Y +B!)F0D]GQ


M
-S(9KDPVL2L




8*@
8

28!Y]!V)!Z\YJW:Z!:1AOM-K8/N&D-H(T;D'









M8

'(+&DU:XGL]4NKJ

M0RJI4.5&X ]1GTH YJ:ZUJWLQ.][;&.66'RRI$K;68*V#L48Y!'![^O$FH76





X
;59Y2J$+Y8<9(0@')P/E-;UQ8VEU$D5S:P31I]U)(



MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HI*6@ HHI.M
MT444 %%%% !124M !1110 4444 %%%% !1124 +1129_6@!:*** BBDH 6
MBBB@ HI** %HHHH **2EH **** BDI: BDI: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 



MA+0Y?-XPR=HZ^AK2TS?+IP


M

?I5V2)9-I;G;R!VSZT 8




MF6=%M]SMGA-I(QCYFY_0@*U8QWVYQN

M]R\YRV0(\\=/SJU9VLUO(Y\J##R%R03D ]AQ1+8F:YF+A-DA +8RVW ROT..


D0#R[&V.F H;[S9[T +I
YDAD9@[
M
@4$EV8MQZ$#!Z]JM?:O^F$__?%


M8DC(E&1BJZ2QM#9L\:Q, '=(PK-WXZX^O\ ^N@YI[S2V4




H11).&(F\TX7
M /.: #4H MK-


M-A% V[AM4GOZM^HIGV!GN;AG!))1)NZD@*HGVRN34UG:M&TDUPL9GDD9LK
MSM& 

SN7/0[68G:OIUY/7]



4G;.[T3 .02.<X/'8T :]%5XKZTF$ABNH'$1Q(5D!V'W]*8=3L
M!$93?6PC#;WFK@-Z9SUY'% %NBD!R



WW;ZV/[P1<3+]_^[UZ^U._MR\MY/M=OLC?

T4\2RPR))&PRKHP(/T(H


M78ZW+*;$WEK';QWT?F0NDV_^'=ALJ

7N&['KCK0!+116='J:IJ%S;WDEO J.B0DO
M@R%AG'/?V% &C15<WMH+DVQNH1.!N,7F#=CUQUIJ:E821QNE[;,DC^6C+*I#
M-_=!SR?:@U14


#I^- &G1161?ZW#$MS%9RP2W5OMWQ



5KJ%L]C=2V_P!I



% SX

Y_.M^B@#E;_3;V^L3G33')%8R6WE!T(E9

MELXXRJ^_K4FC6=[;3Z.)-/DB6WLGAF;?'A6)7T;)^X3^(]\;L%A9VTKRV]I!

MR

)#:ZD+



' (//.*Z2B@#F&TRY&I6MW_9[


M&0H+%QG#$]#CCN/IG


D[F]/6

RJI


$CT-=!10!S=]8WMS/=M'92JGF0RJHF6

$;^


['ZLQ)[GO0



M2B69B
EBVP?/@-]UFSD\XKM'19$9' 96!!![BJ]MI]O:MF(2''022NX7_=#$


AE*

$
P.77CG/:NAHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 



)G!
MV=5SC]:T!TH 6BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *




KR??

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *

M:


8Z^U
TG7
?P-VW!QG)Z'% &[16=INKQZE%;RP6TXCG#G<VSY-I
MQA@&SG/IGWQ69K=[+::[;0OK#V-I/[DD185EQC!93USTH Z2BN<LO$
\&@Q

MQCMW^M &M16GB1M3O8!I]TT=K DC!=F[+ GH6';M['VJ_I^J)J

(

T8\P[O[BD%OTK0M+B.[M(;F(Y


M#N/&!Z5JT4 9=CI

QB/&S:


M/#27FW#[-]G
JKCC;MSC)JO::0-/:*XDE:Y^Q6YAMT2/#!..O/S

M0!FZ-916RW

M6B@#)UC16U696-TT<8ADB

MMMQB_$MS^&*3P_I4VCV LY+M;F-3'B(H5!))'WCD5J44 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 455M;Z*ZN+B&-95:W8*^]N3[9ZCWZ4E_J$5AY'FI*W
MGRKNQ0Q &3T YH MT444 %%%0W4WD6TD@!)521\I/.,\XH FHJ@+]G,H
MA+



M(=Q#%3T)X[=3Z=/J :E%5[VY6SLI;B3 V+G!/4]A^=4)-4FBN;2!U7+3^3*X
M4D-^Z9R5_$ =^] &O1348.@89P1D9!!_(T

LKJ$5U1

,Y(VD;C_X[FJ,.JK)K5S9@Y2&&-\-MP9BV<_@%_.@#3HJG=W



M$QL(BL8'4A\;FS[!2#^=7HIO




MXP?K0!)1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!E6
N=;U$&*=00A5F





MU






M22651$Q!E+%L]#G=R



MCC

MH!G!/).!P*ER
CD4 922P64]W+)$D;X!5 .2



M_L[32/

M]

M:J2H&54DD9GGDAC0G(


5
)8FFDAX+JH9QCL




M]J 
VQN8(XS-
YPH ]P!DXZ<U
MM#@5'#+'<1++&=R<X8C'M4E T444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444





]!T%5G5I9
MKG


MW -CY3C'&/;OUY- %73B?M


0
8'RA?3VH SS()O#$MS$SB

5E;;;1C*L2
_GC'Z5I3VBSS)(SL
(T9 _B!()_]!ITEK&[0L
H


M2-9(XP


A5-A#*3ZDG





1C&?I@?E0!F:0




C2
S%F=L9)
M/TI\


I(PR@_*WN1Z^] &0WF%KZ)IBL\



(S]Y

O8CK[C\.U67T]7@N8?.DW!8L!CC<




H'/4=\X%
M$*:ENF:+[7M3:Q
0Q/,!N!48( V^_% VD]X^8F2)FA81R2


T+(+DXF5F^^


MGGJ!TX[^]QA&;38!-;QI\BA1@\=
0,*=JGO
MU- &M=RO%$65E';)4GD\J*7<X;KJ+!18PQC)!E)QV_#OBIKVV06Z0H<+(



N

W458BEFGWX543'RR*X?G/(Q44C!)6OIXY/+C0HBJA9@#R6VCG
MG XZ\?DNG12)IJ+@Q2/EV##)4LQ8_CS0!6FO)8M3CM/M( \MI)',?XQ@?KG
MZ?6K

N

\GV]*NR32BV$RQ^7M


@!'

=VD*J%EQC)Z'CM5B]N1;0@X8EF5 %QD;FYY]
UEV=S]


L=M 4R

M;21CDX]


M
&
;0


M?F/E*(\LA7..
X- %JBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH

GGM^!K-@2Z&LW
A91


]Y:







MD^TK@%R%1 J$Y]

XR8Y






4)/'(K

3HSP-


Y4
5


@@9


MZXED&H);NK%!*DB/VP0P*_@1GZ&C3#)*RLKLL$.]2!T=RQ_D/U)]* +DU[;0
M3+%-



!SWX^A]J +45Q%


W0

M
\5C8222(JB.-?
9.Q PBC/))ZG_ %UEDQEA9O.:
HHRPQ[C!'3'0?CCK0



MM% %8V

*!G.
M!U-1PP&29P23,^\Y[':!_[+4M% %6S6&\GNO


W5F)))_
MFIZ* *HLE$\THFE4RL&(5L 84#^E26MNMK;)C,RKW;J:FHH IG2[(VPM_(3
MRQ&8P

NTI9BS
^


M344 5%L(UW;9)5+(L9(;!VC.!^IJ8P(SL[9+


MXK8JGJ5@-1MUA:XFA5763
6W)*G(^\#W /X4 9MC-=PO=O;17$MF-GDB]=D8
M-SO)+_



ND/((SCWK(A\/11V7[==NMO*\JAO+^8OG<#\G0[F_P^C[8


M
)VY6
_


M!/3T(SWI?LWGZLET\#Q?9D:-68C]YG'( )X'/7!YH OCISUK
O-5EM-0A@DM


8P2
9SU/IS1!KY:*UN+FT\BVN0P
M5_
W
K*&.&&

J2S
0PVGKAL8+8S^=/T

?G6!43PM+ $E#%L ':

H1% V_(


9'7\*T=
OAJ%J)U
)!.


M


=3&@AC(5)%<DN< GC'&
^IJP2%

MJPM(J1ICJJR[F0_W7& 58=Q^IIC:' UX;GSIPQG$X4%0 VTKUQG&#W/';%6+

;A]
@C]*A

X!+8'
M?@C!J674-62_:%+*UDV6_FF
7+#)R1P=G/3VZT2^'(9$*_;;M23&25\L9*'*
M\;




RPO&LCQ%A@.F


.X((/Y






::.\9F<.5&TD8.W &.WY4L^E1


Y'5F/)JMJ&GIJ$+0RRRK&Z[

02#@#H
M1G%)9Z3#;:;+8-++<0RERWF[<_/DL. .Y)_&@.ZOY(YU26R22$W

M


X4 #@
M#H* +=%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %5KN^MK




MAV./;WJ_::=/;:M'-';VD-HL!BV0L5VDMNX7;C]1Z^U &O6;#K5K+]J++-&M


'G74JQ1Y W-ZGH*@TZSDMY;NXG
MV:ZD$C(A)5,*%P0
]












\$C!X]*KZU
201M(!(I
M8$ 9QP13]
BFBL(OM1!N&&^4CIO/)Q[#I^%
UJVGO-)NK6U$9DGC:
&1BH (





MX4 6[FYBM8O

'KQQ


9R
XW#W
M%3?VI;V\



MXZX% #[R]MK&-9+N9(E=PBECU8] *KC6K G'G

P8JP

M[(K6MD]MO$C-\QQAL;1D?(.

M


M/I4UQI6HW





GV=OL$3);L)&!E)0H-WR_*

MPQ*L/+9
@X!SR#C\
]ZU;:665&



P2(V5=\X96P#GUSQZG% &\US%&\KR7,
MQ1HK


)(4
M D _

]ZC.H62AR;RW 1@C$RK\K'H

&XD#




M=0M@2P7:)5)R6V]


=
MZCM=.NT\/1VPL6AEAO1



MY-ZN/FP1CY3W] 1UO:1:7%OX6BM+VT#2I 4: 



M:3EK1=DT$=P(W/&-RLK 'Z$C@U*]C/;7=FMEIK-;PVLZ 23*RAG((5B6+'[O


MMQ-'#&.KR




M%Y +)IG?2EM5G#1@/)AL]6SCY@
D?P_2@#J6NK=)O):XB67;NV%P&V^N/2HT




MNFZG)%MV3O!;SH\:-


YZT\W4
4

M[HP61@P!7#8R

4TEW L4I C=I %?/3!SS4GVF#[1]G\^/SL
M;O+WC=CUQUK#O--::Z@E_LZ;[*\31O;P7 B:


DTL40Z RN%!/89-4=
U

M&/QK,L-.UU-B[V:DQQ3PLJ2K\N]@RDYQQP1QF@#=;4;)!$7O+=1* T9
JC

MRRHZ



MW D#_=E:0!6^ASBG1WEM+;&YBN(G@ )
JNO'7GI7,Q0W\,-
MHBV4B7D;7)
8Y




^X_.D_M

D
9




AD8$$?45@+8SRW]


I+ '/8]B*

M)T+M#(YWKGE2!@$9ZK[TEW$QN;Z.RM;N.TD$$LBQVI'F#YO,P'7#-@ID$$G
M!XX- '85&TL:RI$S@2.57N0.O\ 
5S



MF6=;2[



M(;]X?+ R%*]B

MEM9L4\N_MUTZ1]UKML?*@)2



M(T^X!6TA%H%M'PKJ6QMP


M*X 

ME/V-P)4@WD






M@RYSG+#(QU.*?+'
DUT-/M+E1+9P%L0NGF$.?


D5NZN6(/&
M0
YSMR/SXH ZL9P

MANK?_D(O-:W4URI@9'\B1QO7&63@CKGI0!U]%8


_=QT[9SG/;'-8T%K
U
MS%NMY%U2.[9WN?+.UH=Y.-^

M'&5&1UX[4 ;


&)' _ ]:9KU


MY[YK8T3?_9X$D0[6(4)&T88=B$;E?I[4 :-%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%5K^X:VM)'C7?*1MC08RSG@#GWH E22*=6,
M;I(H)4[2 1P1]:KVNF6MHP

M%$\*S
I+


<T =%2=:P(WUA;JTM+

M@#I%544*BA5'  & *=37!9&4


=J .B%U UVUJ)%

CICC\36AI$\
Q1(@B&TH^S


M^%I;&]
$C6[2&544M*P;;T(Q@=2 .XZ4 ;

*&Z1[A[J
RRL
P':@U+*D,3R
MRN$C12S,QP !U)JO!J=E<2Q10W/)-%YR*.I3^]]*RK749FUF.(W<D]M/%*P


) ^


MX!^_@CL.P!T5-9PA4$-\QP

MR





^GB.^D\P:5
M(WFX0L.8SCICTZCI^= '4[QY@3#9(S]TX_/I3JYV/4[Z:&.43Q)YNE_:57R\

ZI&@+


M20.V#G.2$48Z8XJ:^N[?5Y%E\QK=FP^6JLA.S.UOXE8GOTQCO0!M45SXO[
MN+1#JPOEF66V$@B



M:.!


^U
N]5U&.XU

3(I#$C.0%/R]


M& /FH F.CZ88C$=.M#&6WE/(7&[UQCK4T%G:VSR/;VT
+RG
C1H%+GU..O4_



H4T^T4IG;B%1MSUQ





]D88
5VF78-Q'IGKBL&]N)-

B^6



M#/-



8)]2
#\A65IFKW5W-IQF2%8KZV:8*@.4*










\G)QSGCKTH
MM4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5!=VD%[#Y5P
MFY

VC64]O


._ISLVT\LTUP&B18HVVQNKDE^.<C Q@\
M=3WH ==VT5Y;/;SAC%(,,%<H2/3((-12:=;2Z<;02-;LNPJ97W%?3=G/Z].
M*M$X&3TKG=*UB.XUYD74([B*]B
D42R!O)*'&
#IE2#@]P: -5M)M'-L2)LV
MP(B(GD!7C'][GCUIL.BV
)@\M)1]G+&

MMM:N+NWC$%DANG$I













M!
[\@JMG
M'-<00)-<*LV/E;.-IV\L0I..![T 6AHM@! %B=#;KMC9)75@OH6!R1P.33U
MTJT22XD59%:X79)B9P.@P,\8]L58MIX[JVBN(CF.5 ZGU!&15*_O+J#4[.
M&.%H90[2




M=/FC6)59799%1@S8Y+(
8ZG .!TS6O9W NK9)AY9#=#&X=3[@CJ* (8M*LH;
2




F8@9P JEB3Z #DGV% $5_8)?VJP2RR+M97#J%)RIR#




*
]3Z#K5JPM196


MW\^6$.

)N)QC)RI'0G@8'-4+/6VAM8A?
MEYII;N6W#0P-CY689P
XX7IR?R-7QK-BSRHDCLT:LY B?Y@IPVWCYL'CC- %


MI9RQ17$P26;/EI@EGP
G '-1PZQ83O$L4^3+G82C $CJN2

M:-!J+R-+-



M('/2HUU[3&@EF-T$CB4.S2(R#:3@

@9!/0C.:D.L6(29S












M&*SSHD64*75RC^4(I'5ES
@Z!OE]SR



M59VD*@ NV


=



9
M4 0SZ6LT=H@N9XQ;.) 5*DNP[MD'/4]
=:;'H\
8FC$TQM9MY:U)7R\MG=VW





M( 


A#3)E=LK  ;CQP3@9VX'M3$U_37SF=HSY@BQ+\9+G^$;@,G_PM


M+?+\O Z#//?BM^B@##33;UW1;B&T:$V0MG4R
V3GGC:./QJ?3X+S3XQ$X\U)

ZWO;O/<
MVAMW9YF(SD_

[F /.

MRF^S-(#%._F13!\






%R

MGHM!D2_


M:Y7A3GC /-:%% & ^GZIB79%9DM?Y4&=A\HQP?DZ\?K0NG:LL]T0T0W%T9


T5KY+.UP81(I(&T
R
M
&SMZ  C/7GFZNC_ &BYCNWT^PFBDA2



^U0:A;7-M%

L=N%.$SGD GOWZ6B@#FK2&ZN8D-NMK






M1);L(95





'CC@G
M/H

M2BJD=Z)+8RA!&=[1[9G\J2#R,^AJRU)KB.%F5&:==ZI&V=@P#@D]3S0!I4
M50;4UO92QJJBZ/_ T/W1M+=OI56+5YY;0S[(5Y154DY9F56P/^^J -FBJU

MS@X&3V!H 6BJ

BQL
M0)8DYB;.&.#_ /6K31MZ*V,C.
$4 .HI*AGN!#+!&1DS.4SGI\I;/Z4 3T

MAQE97*DF





LC$;&






U

3G@9Y[5J7,<4F02[+@H%!'.[&< +SZGH*N(\;






M3C^5=!\J+V@?E22
A


M .A56@7R2T1N(BML/)19(2V%CT('-;9(49) %)E0VW(#')QW/O0!F:6&N=
MBN)&:0W$RB-N0A*YPO?OW)JFT4XB\TP21#[/-HV@9#L3NSWYSQZUO
Z1J-
MS*@)C)QSV%RQN



M

?K0!


[L%51DD] * 
VQN8(XS-
[F



M92



LQN(ECVRLJ;6SN4=#TJP
8XZ4
MV21(UW2.J+D#+''). /SH HZFCR31)%LW-'(!O) ' YXJC\[7ZG!WQP2$!0N
M_;E

M.



/4'- %.YV





F=@ZE

=3CK6]N 8*2-QY ]:SUT^Y.\27**K$
MM^YC92&./F!+''3IC!R?6K3VD4EY%=.H
L*LJ-CD9QG^5 $Y( ))P*Y^ZPZ7


#&



MR.


-RD9(R

MD







MT\U01&-N53/X\F@OIDT#VGV:W@EBCA4ISTXX.&!P3G/0UGSS_:K.1\%?+B



02  [/MB\Y_Z:K_M?






QJQ4#


V*W
I?;


:%93J]Q(;9/LZ-'1@A=S?ADXS^0
MK5LYX;FV66W_ -621C&

M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %17#M'S(%)'=C@
M+[GVJ6J6L0B?2;MI;

=Z *=O?S


[@!%(



I/;'0&K&J(MU:0N4G_P!;'\F& QO7
:ZPL178PD&0<GD^V :S)(
M;C[8TMO]HD3*AI%;!5!SM (YR<\CM[@5;E61C:^1',X12PD=PN,C&&SDY_@








M/'/?]*738(88X1]FV3!_E8Q[9Q_G%)!:%KNX;+1*D^5PHY'E(.
]NM $UG



2!1@H0^X
N.O _QJC]LN&1ITD5H6N%6

0AH#M1J6#XP!PN?Q[8H MM?/%H<=U
M(0)GA4CC^
@=OK3I'O$:&V1XM[(?WS@L20!R5&.OUI+JU$6F
BY=E!V_*!R3

\%MY2L[RHX



M.N=86EWY$4L
R0.LD@96C)WKYC'!Y'N1]: +ES=M%J$
2B1E



TMG?2W!LRQ
M3$\6]@(R

%TX/%.GEV^&
MW@8!VKQQR/QH L[99)1+(RJ)JD% . ..?K207;R:C'$K[HFA=^2IR0RCJ/
AZ'\NU $E




MD
*&9563'S!3D ^QK$E6X72IFC-T9Y$)(
2L&/XKDUM00);Q./=M!R-S%C^
M9H EHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ IDDBQ1M(





MR^U31+9O#%P05QG/T^N* +M%


QD;7;/&$;:

?Y]:?+*D0!D; /M6*L8.QPMSS=LN?//(&1C
M[W7C&:U(Y!;VH'DRA@2$B9]S-SZY/ZGB@!?M]J6*B8%E )&#D?YQ3WNH8[;[
M0[$1D @X.3GH

1ZC.
M
4 :-133QPF

M5HPCA8VQACQDDX/;C\_6@XUS DR0M-&)7^ZA89/X4LEQ#%*D4CA7D!*@]P,
M9_F*S[ 3)=WHCMH5'GJ#A\8&Q.GR\TR]::*_EE#]4B15@[5




LQ91D?+G'- '0HZR+N1@R^HIAGC%RMN2?

A!VAESSG()SG


=AC/\Q6;=RV]SX?NI+.;=%Y


M4;F:0V.5


ME5M35S=6)C$A*R

M6 9P2H/4@=:8+F$S-)!YBMM*GCG .!Z\$&JUXYCEMQ*RE#D%@I#YV]B#W/8
M5FVL;QW%P]TLS*UVG2

MEBG0K


$G&#E1SC'ZUE^&YS'#I:NLV&L
M@!M$A7^#D@C'XCB@#I9)4C7+'\ 






2 D-PP!.

F



MFB5Q&G.


MS^%5=/ !FX97R



\'G.N%MY'DPQ12


GYGSAI .X''6@#0ELQ-=13/-+MC.X19&TMC /3

L2LR.X)7@$
 1GW[U%87#F80AY9


[




/<ABS]T_?SG(;UY.?K574+

M
$%STIR0*DF\
Y.

MQ5^4F-ERWX]J &_8$-O+ TLGERERRC'.XDGMGO5B.
HS
97?..&Q@?D*H74M
MTMU;1ED4DL_R%N0


M(WFDF(_CDQD_D!5'5I+J*PU$QL$ MRT
3M!0*P!





MC8AMY Z=_ICO2SWD
$D*.?\ 6YP01@#'7^0_$4 1V\$N^=C))&&F+ #;R./;








<8&!C/;ZU=N[9;NW
+L5!96R.O# _THGN4@9 RNV_/W1G&!GZ


MLD9MYO
_=@$M\K+CGI][K4WVN+SXHAEC(K

]S' %+')9E4 =?F8*#]
F@#.



ML[B)67+-*ZDDC   #''&?:GN)H/-NO(::9P%$:

JHZ#G [DG_ZU7'8(A8@D





M



E T444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4R20

 N
MV
5-OVG^XY4_3(/3VITD$4L/E21JT?'RD<<=* (K6V\@/-
P

G%
.FV9&#;I4J6T
:1(D85(@ B





%8@$_3M^%+]D@W*?+4!4:
+CY
M=I()&/P% $&C9&E6\9=Y&B7RF=^K
ORD]3W![U5L(HXO$VJ^6BIOA@9MHQN.



NG6\@B





MJ5I
37D F9G3:Z;VX3 SDGL




(.R_05''9P1W;W*JWFL

S@&/VX/846$92=8XW8BV*Q
M*2I8%2BMVX'!Q6D]G ]R+AE)D P
L

$$^O

M-BRKCS&W@8R.PY^IQ5ZQEC:1[9H'2100)1$5$B^N['!]OQ'%79X([B+RI 2N


W2@K:V:HR2+$LQ=B)FDV
MEAQDGC(SGMZ8]*L:5_R#XOEVYW''U8U/);Q2PF)D^3&,*<8^A'2G0Q)!$D42
MA8T 55'8@!]%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %


M5;HQ7EM TTT:S.P(5D4



_\  J=+:R_8


M;([RKPN68Q'G\
\50N=
G:G/+;S694K@R$$
M;B-WR-QCOV_'%00PWU@[3/ ;S*[56-P&B7.0@W8!'OD$X%3W-MYVHV<OV7D9
M,DAQPNQAM/?JWTH ACN;B/4Y/,\S;(BE%\L\[2=V!NXZK^E:]9:61_M$20+

M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%


MW
$[.L

X_P \T 6Z*AM[NVNP



MV&1$7&XCZ=:1+RVDGD@CN(7FC^_&K@LOU'44 3T56CURE1GCNX'17V,RR @
M-Z'GK[5#/K.FV]NEP][!Y3R-7$BD%L\\YQQWH OT5'+/%#9I94CB49+LP
M@?6J=SJ./L+VC03P7$PC:0/GC!/RXX/3UH T**I:;=377VH3I&C0SM$ A)&





]

-NK' 
KA03^-$U[:P#

M)(RHBC+

MJO'XF@S155-2L9!$4O;=A-GRR)5._'7'/..^*4WEO!;QR7-W;J'P!(6*Q]
MLG^M %FBH)+RVBFCADN(4EE_U:






TBQ2I
 /E!ZGB@C<V'V2R+:?9F6=Y$9_-;S9.#UR[<D=LM@5F6NF7L%WIS26#

\D$]RD05V)SN/U[_6I[F\M[0PBXE6/SI!%'G^)CT%3T <H]G=+

M#P0/
8 C=UR
]NE=#J%]:6BQQW:R
LY*JJP/*&/I\H/^0:;I1TXP/_9D4448

M[67_ 
)!IP
FZ2=1$VV1FMI55#_M


MLJ!@#Z\U





CDCTI: .7TRQU*'^R8Y[%E%O9R0R.LJ
JEMN
\Y_AYP#



M-.OY6M;BZAN+A4$B/%'
(92&VX8[&D\$$9QS5G3=/:SUYVBT]H+3[''K[U



8C
M!^G/X<T[<Q4$9')'I0!@RZ?



MRPC.6




M\MX;JVDE59[@D1)W; R?T%6* ./L;Q;JZTBUEUYRPS!XFF:-V(8;3GAB3
MSSGG;[&F,+6Y@B:ZD20ZNP8/.Q(&R3&-Q.

MUBLQ=7$3W

6]@PPVT'




MX?.N9%CCR!D^IX H YL&6/3/
AUJ&[A\\29

M;[;HBLRS+YL/(+X?IZKW]Q5V1Q&A=@Q &3M4L?R')IU '$6$EDHT:)[PQ8TR

5UE






M




CK4U !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111



2L8ES(/1N.?QH PK2]OIH+=9;URUUI9N2RHB

$:-: SM




M#^-;
5GI[2BXAM[8R*-@D1%R!TQG^E-CT?3(BICTZT0J25*P*


MX [#G@=J .6LA





'D((9@



M2XL+.Z+&XM()BPL9(PV0#D Y'K0!D7EW?6MOJH2\W/;E'1Y(U)4,.5&,#Z$
MY_&KWEQ'K9AN&D$$LFR$H$:
X3.TX^96SD\\8%7&TK3GW[M/M6\S&_
*G=C

U&=X+-S$I:9OEB48RS'IC) ]^O:L
O\5;$]G:W+QO<6T
SQ'
;2(&*'U&


A2
YX'RG^M3QRZL+VRL;J]B1


=\_IQ

H.0)$##]:ADTO3Y6D:2PM7
N/
M


MC_D

0+V.W6X*+F
M)7C#9Z8ZG:
CN






M.P5%R/+9ANXQGCVZ]
X-:Z:?91PRQ):6Z12\R((UO\ 48YID4&G+:Q&*U%




KSKK39]:N%2


QNC2;(6C6IC=HFQP\KL5QR
$G(QVP1BG?V7:&.)&1W$3^8C22

M

M+99 H0E)&4
HZ!@#AASWS3)-

'&.W7@]*IQ:#I\/D;(YAY$C2Q@
MW



M)M)LV7#)(3Y@D#F9]X89QALY'4C .

MS.



&YD(4GKU;G//!XY


P





ME=S]
GN

MUFSDC!XSG/'?GK0 W0KNZU#3H;VX

M;1Q6\3N)T=VW




^'7)Y+;3[B18X(KF%79VC9DW





R77F
TBJ588!(&


MYKV%S(Z&5#AU$31



GT')/H.
GBLF'6



MGN0.@)Z_K5JJFI60O[4P'R2I.2LT7F(?J


]7;^6_@$T<4B(RAD+XPRGH003Z?6H+33I[-Y4ANQ]E=VD6
Q99&8Y.&S






@'4UF-K\$2,;BUNX'62.,QM&&;+_=/RDC';KUXK1N8GGM
MI8HY6A=T*K(O51U%8;^')]LGE7L

MVYSQFM.\LY)[JWN(9Q$\&\?
FX$

MZ%

M3CUF)V*FVN48P^=&I0$RKQG: 3SR.#@\U-JY/]DW@NY:%EHA8DD8& .:S;




M8[4 3PWGG7'E4#RED
A*E1GHO!SG\

Y))
MX[FJ^BV7VP6(EN6) ;JJ]%7\%C\*DU&SDO%B5)A&J/N=64LL@P1@@$?7\.
MAH K+KUO(8%A@N97G@

J.HR2!GVS_



 HW$8)).2.HYSWHO



.VMY)YF11J69CV ZUDV_B:QN5F\D

M]2#ZUIWMK'?64]K-GRYD*-CK@C%5#874MDUO=74%QQ@;[;*L
?Q#=R?H10 D


 &*$G!&

T]NL
M
C)&06*DD



C.?QQCBJ46N6?EP&..[8W


?





M8(F2W82
#*2A0;OE^48]

LJ;
MT98R[.O=L*.G(YQCFFRZYIL?6Z5SY0FQ$ID.S^]A03BJ&GZ7J5A%8
GV5Y8+
M?[-+&TC!2H.0RMMSGU&/QXHCTB^ME


MV7-M%YG[V%AQSR V



U7U/50-


[F/.02P!4[.AX&1S0!HRZM9?9KAV
MNF@6%A&[

+]35&]T_4K


X_.LUM?-Q+I\UN9(K:




UCW&D:I-'?IML






S
MM]U-O!^3J=@_
^G

MM[K-_'YC-;QQQ-$C0F-DSOSD-SV'7V_'0O+ZVL41[J98A(XC7/\ $QZ 53L+
M.^35KB^NC;JL\*1F*

;:#B0'






M22HF[=$VU\H0



MI^-5;/11::C-


/\

9
GC!QM/8#OS[=* -6+5[&99&2?1Q9G965=A_B!(P1]*++5K





^)VY#YZ?)VW?I[U%'I&K'3?L4CV
MZ1OY^\1SL/OL64YV@G&XC''KGM0!=N?$%K;S7D;1W#?98!

M/3D?

MA)60I&S*A'4%@

5W*&1


MV[?=E:0!#]#G%+-?6EN


MLY&



F%(VJ1DG'/S5/)JUA'-;1
2+_6(K@E/J.U4K
M'5?MNKW5M$T$EO%$CQR1/NW9+ Y[#!4\5D6^A3#3&@:TE%['!Y/G2W3/'*.
MA1N. V.1M&

/(I8

M]W;E?

]
9Z4 :?]J:







MH R[C5;V*]O(8K&5+6-)6;[259E;=T&S&?E/!/IS5R#5;&=;?;=1*]RBR11
MLX#L


@8 8.!QQSB


9

M9



M7MLD



A$@.

:
!MI\PD*01@G@

X.35ZYT^\O_
GBM?LQ6*)%C=U_?['#$':2 N!@9]3D@#;6]MY[8SVUW;
MM'G E#ADSZ9!_K3GO+6.18Y+F%9&;8%9P6]


M4K.]GN(+:=))+=MDBJP)!Q_+G'U!':I;FZM[1 ]S/%I. 9'@GTYJGID$\%


M/T'6@6[U:WAF-K%-UXT+21QO)@-CI[\^PZ TNDZE'?V%O*TL/VAH(Y98T8


T5Q$L









&2
KO;C&2?OG.3N&




M8GNX)#UJ4 -\W[M$7MUR#QCFNNCBB@@$44:QQ*N%1%P /8@!8RY4^8JJ



MP744974)'C*B8[

HZL5'7' QCL*+72[:75[Z

*7!YSD#


MH)8HI%+0.BLWS;CD@?-@IG//Y&J_BN%KF-H8[$S2FWD
SM91
M<%B;61XV4[2@!.PX!(/3CIVQ0!UE%<A)IVRPW69U$P23(;J)K5%.W# [8_+




I VO;LAA4)@;7'


M@ 
.1V^;IFN;BM(XO#J2)97:W2WP)(MY?



]A@CBIXHTAC6

J-W3I@_A0!OQERI\Q55

M.-V

5K&B9]^2!^N:GM+F*\M(KF DQ2H'4D8X(J


 3SZ_=




@@9.3D\D\8
MH DNK^SLMOVR[@M]^=OFR!-V.N

V6ZCN&)@O%M6MB_
-X7/3.X@[ASC':@#HJ:CAP2-PP2/F4CI

MJ
B\GG/IPU &_
M5%M8TM)CVI6:RAMI0SJ&!Z8QGK5N-2D:JSM(R@ NV
M[G  _*L*YBNY=3U5
M;6XM85



)
(2]W(RBT4+$VW;R&Z<9XY[]S0!U=%9
MMA//_:U]:33&98DBD4E0
;MV0
#I\O?)YZU'X@61H+41W
MOFZC!:/;SEO\

#Z'VH ZV




J@Y4
M#!VY.
$DYQS0!TM%4M)

\T:N2RJ-I*C@8 X^N:JZU=W-I)')&9!
M;(C-
80C

Y.





M6YQ6SI5P;BTR[3&1&V.)DNI&.#MXS[CCF@[1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44

M


MB
'!FC5MOKUZ=*BBL=.^P.EK!;1VTZ[CY4:;'!'7I@C%4=4:YDUE+3S(C9R6



M8TFJZDL-DD44
(HY!#2+GENN1]*1]7U=Y1#!I@-Q%$CSQ;D/+
M9XW%QCIUPU &]Y4?FF78OF%=I;'./3/I59=*TY;=K=;U$#-N:
0KM)]2
8S

M

$





B5LD# )R.

M7;%&D8Z850/\]34(TZQ5956RMPLW
H$2XD_WN.?QJU10!'##%;Q+%!$D4:\*

M?M7VK[-#]HQCS=@WX]
]:GHH KI8VD9D
=K AE.9L8&_POK4D$$5M$L4$2
M11KT1%@?@*DHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH *@N[2&]A\J=6*[@PVN4((.000014]% &:-!TU9EF2W




Y! Z \_



M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

'[S_=]?PH






MQ14#W :R:XM3'.-A='^5_^! 'CWYI@NR7M08QMN%R#NY4XSC'?C- %JBBB

M%:M% $

M1/VD7 #VY/(B\K!^8=N?K6U10!SUGX9^S/ SW*SB*
+M=7VY$?E@A0^W[O7(

M/0E@N .#SG'!]* %FL9A?F\L[A(9)$5)5DC+JZJ21T(P1D\^_2H[C2GGN0S7
M.8BT;NIC^8LA!4A@1CD#(P?PK2ZTA8!@O.3TX./SH YZ^T6YBM(Q QN9(GC2

-M#N

;N/C^+'M4[Z-=F9G6\M@ID=P&M6)&Y=N=_.!^=;0.0



MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ KF=:T^
MZN]0O62QNG62VCABD2X5(RP+DEUW?

D#H

%8


MVJSHB7T/F+=PW('DQ'=-*K[I N'QACCMZ#K6Q10!@Q1:FE_;WSV^Y9&D22$!





M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **K^MC?FQ$RFZ$?F&
=0N0
GTZBGW-U%:Q[Y=Y'8)&SL

M&5B

M6[NY2U@
Q%7Z BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@#%FN(%\86L331B0V4H%AG)=!CZ G\#5N_O+0VCJ=4CM-S&(2
MK(@*L.JC=D9[8ZU?HH H:()1I,S(JLH*C (RH)G!Z9&#^-7Z** F2N(XG
M=CA54DGVI]-90PPPR/2@#F1&]O/:(7CC=(8@6Q@*1'-U_+FM73/WMC*J!1N=



J#9#OP/F+8'0]AU[5M2012QM')$CQM]Y64$'\*26WAFB6)'?=W*#CM
MQ0!AQ;9KA4VDNZO

MK2\4+=VT
ZCH)$#8_.GR6\
BHKQJ53[HQP.

AAA2


#%
M.!C)7WSC.1GGO3Y=6UJWMS+/8Q(C2Q(DCD#AVVGY5=LD9'.1G/MR ='3!(AE
M:

M!@*6)*LXYXZ;O?VJ_9F:[TX#4;58Y'!62%L
.G8D8([9/6@W17(Z/8S&'3







((CF


MKJZVY!0EH_WC8C)Z[1GY?PQ3(O#^G0E#&DZF-&C3_2I?E5NH'S?YP/05J44

8K3:R6;3_LER\DBE0KLLC*6_$'
M/Z_6K5% %7[!;[
;7SY?E;_



23QVYX[4T:%IH68&VW

M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHI#G!V@$]@

V!!@^85[O

D9

M?[1K:H ***H7KRQ



M)D;E0!\S9  &1\HP.?K^8!M453OKB6WMQ*K1H2
!&0L68] #D51M;J6
M;-J



MDG/3I]?RH TJ*H?:7N26D*5#*PQLSU(.?0@_A2V;SM+-$THD6!5CWE
%GQ







C0(9
MMOF$9.T$ ?G4M !152^D




M.A;


DD_7CM3XM0


M]SJ1
MTZG.!4$



D( C$\*V3R


G3[W?C/%5$U/=:I*40.[KM3?
M_P LV?:K=.XYQ0 T/V^=Q'MB$,:H%\D%B0

TLFPXS

M(^N


FW&'4#E3G

;_N&5054MNRH/IQUH N5ERV2_VA*_V03*
MT2;2V





MA/M2+93*JG ROE'&?[HYJQ=WZ6N\-'(Q2-I

9/
M+R64C.S?V/3% !;QW:6R



EOFB:)7MY-SR


\E@ 
 9[U
M:OK22YFMGC:





*IB2






6 _)A52X?$%_?!F





M6WAGQYT

MR

6)9VF6-!*XLX') Z G\30!0U2
+-;NF=
M\THC;C/RA'. #CGVJ.VB-X()U#*4\Q$:/'*L.?NCN16G)#'+M\Q%?:=PW#



44B

OFE%

MA=T+@@

2?*6S\V.^T=S5FH;B
R+

LMPT\%O$&BCRSE&(.
MR0N
8P??\+FIS%)+*5?+





M![4W#&X!R-,VX(-\B[EP3MR1QSSGV%7GM93I*VQ$?F*%7Y.%P.F?84@M9E




?FRS;3@=







Y_N@?
MY-.U-0^H6JLP \J4_-C'5/4&I[BVEEOK=@L0@C



5\95PT; DDL=P;@?0C []
#KV8+ F2[D8_-*^Y

MM
L3:V\\3HD2O*2J1


MVQ-]\]V']W\:A6&X?4EED$:P0HRQ[6.6+8ZC'& 
=\Y[4 +=7?V9T5F.7.U0


KG!.

M3Z@#\:NUSUS;+]F#26YB$EW'*KF/(C59%(4XY7(7TQD\ULW4[V_ELL+2HS!6




MIWH =IVJBZ*I($5BF[.2
GG@ CT&:5M0FCDD


E

M1'YL)M5EVXP1DX'0\^GO0!/]LC


M;2


_T'?\N*LT %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !2;06!P

RK]I9/
$??;G&: )@ .@HP
8P
M

3M\M9E+9]



M(;+' PI(_$]OQIU !1110 45#-=002PQ2RJLD[%8U/5CC/%34 %%%% !1110

M0
Y[5-9W=[J&HK#]M



9RA= VT


MX7=G!R%S]XC//?-=%8I


2%@T:*



M@M
SGS$(CC.57&
\#!R
&NIJO;V5I:R2/;6L
+R'+M'&%+?4CK0!C+?7/]KQ

&/&


MFT*N20.IYYY/MT%6* 


M9G
4UJ)(W8_Q$9'/OGN: 


CV2AF!XZ

QW;BZ6S%P\442$$_WG



M*.VXH5+ ?+L!SP






M%7:JR69?4(KO[3

W2-77_A'9;EY#=O9;TD:-@Y


XH HPZ]--]G/\ 9Y19YWM@&F&Y9%W=0 1CY3SG


MP7.AQW
MU(]Y=#[3;_9W4%

MC\I&?F/;'M0!I5AOKL\1(EM(5*7BVL@$[':&VD/]SGAL]OKZ;:@A0&.3CDXZ


M95*HJ[2#D8YR:KPZ%';B Q7MVLL 91*F64G)4C;@C/MGWH C_MU\W4CV31


M1CC/3Y1^%:-[IXO+BUF-Q-$;9_
58]N&.

=[=B9'=T

M]FCLIY(1+Y+2I'(=K=SPFW:/7=GVJS)I:FZ^TQ75Q!*42%I\T DC=N!]3R
M

7B%9-*FOA#'B/;E!-DIEL

LBJOF$KN55.0

MZGOI;6SL49HXDEW33[ RMG&

)4XQ]WDY

$+G&.!SDGOCGTQAUC:&








M




M DVX9?E_VQ\O Z\UJ:GIZZE D+7$T(619



;7X(H

+@SNC+ZH8@J
MEFST(YP!]2
)[**RM[F9)(O/4ND<CQHQ4=3RV._3.?:GOXCLPDKQQW$R10K.[)'@-

MCWJ*W\2V-RD9B69GDF


4:^7 5*




*&U<QRRRA44-Q@<G/.X8.




ME()8HY%5T

M\=*??V

M!#!-
M9LGAR7RKJWO(XH)[1+15: L45<\YWC)^9
MNWIZ<VQI#-?VUY++980
O'#L=N




X!YR
XXS21
MZ2ZZ##IKWM)BK'




MX#)%L_
9//\ G% %BBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *

MZ
#(4PY'!X!+#VR/QZ4 6;S6+&Q?9/*^X*&/EQ/)M!.!G:#C/;/6A-9L))'1
M)B3'GS#Y;8CP
_



M7!A+)QC!. !W]A]
BG:%JT=_96:RR[KN2W65AL(#=
D'&#@GG'2JECI&H6D-


Q))V\







MK5TMP]G*MLZQW!0A&;D*W;_.*PI='U
[VC^S

M7%G)%;:HEY);PO=W'G6A20L_F!5V_*0

:QGC:2.UF\P-&T#;W*C(Q


M?6M'3;*XM=0NI'CMDMY$C6
1
1C8
8VXP!SZG% $UUJUE:7!MY93YPC\TQQQ

RX8X4E@
#)Z9(S6=?7#+XNMHK9K9K
M@V4B^7++MZNI[ G. 3C'(!I)=$OA90V44T;V\
487+F/YU;)) '(./7CT- %


2(1*&<




^N#^

JL
M!U*L1A@
\X)K

2/0CC

M%CG.02!CITYI+S3[QKZZFM3 4N[=87
I.8]N[!  ^;[W3(Z4 6CJUF);F/?)
MNMH_


MX5+HMO+!IZ?:)&EE;DNPP2 

\UW!+/IP5+^)8+I/*&$
M
/44 =8A<L^]

M68U$R31R0NWF1F+' 8?




X!]#_G% &]IUW]NL(;KRS'YJ[MA.2*


M%\+-Y'M;IFAC*9D$+$C SR




M;-&T$LQF
312*V00K
.)/;N 


A)V_..



\:Z68K:YBNF



M4M\NQ_*(+ 8##&.* .IHKCX[1DO;9;ZWNIHA:W *F*21 I?

M*VA6YM46\LKZ1UTL1.LMM*5\P=L$8)]Q0!VM4[&^^UW%Y86B-K+Y9W$'=\H
M8'CL017/-9O?7D+WG]HQY@C-N\5N48#Y@2R$QMD=R :TM/N5@U#6)9HKA(V






GJ!^= ';T5R5T;P

Q)&R4@H I^]$





D6'!;?*T0


$E2


63MD:3S
CT#

M

M^SK&Y)R[?
N\' Z9QCH




M +#;B_-]B3[04V9\UL;?3;G'Z59KG)[FVBL'GL=1GGMFFC^T
)S(84S\Q!Y*
MYXR
\#D 56ENQ&Z+'JLJV1O8UAD
V?

M%?I(EK=NLMVRDJ

MP[@./6@#J(K^&6YNH/G0VP4R

[N
'V]:Y34[J


M)YY^3D\_





M2M$%8I_M





M:U
!+23RW$A&/
EV@X]
* /TJQ10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110


=
#'%.6RM5NC=+;0BX(P91&-Y'UZU/10!6CL+.)9%CM($$IS(%
MC WGU/K3DL[:
1.WA00Y\H*@'EY&#M]./2IZ* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

M;@?(S8R2!U% &K25S=C.DTUO'E7\RZD4Y8$[1O(_B)_A%7=0DGCU-)(WC(A5


MDA=NSKSS0!M4E4+FY$EC&^P9T1F1MI1MP7^=17C-YSK'(ZW3%84VG&58YW



^Y



M2
GEO?%-5F
EV+;[0)@P#EMF-Q48/Y8H U**:H*H 6+$#!)[TZ@ HJA?#]X(
MX6D-S*/E'F

MA







 B:39G
M. !M9L_^.T 5(HK^TCCABCMIT#9




-#(5EB



M]';PR

MSK$(4:9#%MY 13U(QW.2?R^M7DN(9)&CCE1W50Q56!(!S@_H?RJ+[6X_Y=)N
MN/O1]?\ OJ@!+VS\^T:&%O*)=7W*HSD

RH/]: %NK?S;:9(E57EY)Z9/')_ 58P,YP,],U&)T9'9#N
M=<?3-58M1
J0

 ^OO0 06UW;!UCD@8/(SEF5LG)SSSZ8'X5)

[*T:AV0AN3D
5[?2HO[3@^V^0
M/+WE@?N\X (Z\\X/L: $?3E\W

!MEC8Y/96!/\J;+?+%8BZ:
M*3&5781ALE@O?W-,;4KRH;6;

T+%X]Y(^




M)*P/4 #('UQ^55GLKZ*XGD6WL[SS75@9G



M5FOK%NCRJKQ.5=$4+(
MNP
_@34]M>^?

NQ%.221SDGV_6H1J\32F-0A/

M/V2V+7;65M)-MN)$RH+C:I)R3][.3[Y/X7M50R&S98H_-:4@0#_GF_!Z\
M9JZC6\4C*K1J\DGS $99\9_/ _*B=8&BX$9 .5#XZXQ_(_K0!D
)'9##(HD

@^56R
C/8


MV%-HVGJ

M#\0
Y_K6@B6\TBW*+&[JBR  D#/(S]1^E/ J-
C($=LLX(P3PO7\ * 
S3
M3
)*'8@'8F3T]CWK4\NWMO.G

YY'T%4=
9K:UE%U#Y


@.S



JL=J[G.-QR





M$L^TJ)& #8[C- %36%E9(0LBI$9XL\?
3YB]/2J-U&C?:LY_UNPKYK@



MR

 (-TLHDVLP4A-J@D


MDX_4U%'8:?#(LD=K;HZGY6*#0 V^ GDAM\_*KB20YQM Y'/J6 _(T6+
US


^F0: 
!6D6XEDDE
M+.EYN8Q$*HRJH.N?[_\ XZ:U-*S&SVSREVBC4G# KR6Z8 ]/UJRUM9#$#10C


M\[
\#\.GX5J6T83SSN1KF4[Y!G..P'T &/?FI/\ 1 67]RK!..&/0?7D?G


MV8G! ]\ ^M-DTV^8Q%+JU'D2&2(M;L2002?GY.&;\ZMW5F;F.57D 9X&A!

''&0?KFI+FS^T.Q+[0T93I[@Y_2@


9]6/KTQ4\-

@



ML
(VTJQSYF

M@;B3TW8[T 2NIATA(_( 2/:GERX)(! !X/XU6N

M/E/ZUJW4 N;9X6+ -W4X/KU[55?36=XY?/V31#$15!M0?0]?S^F.: $U*6*.

;L]L$^E3QZ?M??YI0@
ML4#[I8Y8_-G))__ %4Y+-OL/V25D:/[GRKM^3TQ].* *S6UT[,PC8-N&Q_-
M^9$.R_CC^7I272

M'&:UEM)8K9XX;DB1F9O
[=-<^8T


MDR[ T3JI5

G855*Q
D@6 9^UQ]+

IW9\QR_3IT_P * (KX.WFN#+*NQV%;C@

.8U(8)CJ1T)J*&UE6^DN)

#\WFD

MU5=SNRMY/(C^0Y8KG=^HP/\ Z]/@F472V]Q








US-)$K_O-J\D XX%6K68W%M'
M
8GB+KDI(







?\ ZJM;V$(=D.[&2J\X/I6;;W
7VF6XNMZS!FC1

MH=P'8CMUXQ[^U2F[589I98Y(HXAN+.
9&



M+(K!L@
7(&.LGM5GSI;?3[<QPF1MB@CGCY?8'Z4 7J*2EH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ I.^:6J-_JUGIQ;[4TJA4WL4@=PJ\\DJ

J@QJP&2IYR..^



MI:*2@ P/3I1BA2&4
@! 1@C-! (P1D&EJ*ZG2UMI)Y Q2-2

G% &C14<
T=QDT+K)&XW*RG((J2@ HHHH
M ***:S*N-QQGI[T .HJKIU]%J-FMULBHS
X -:*.DB!XV5U/(93



&J*VZV@DB!D^5




=


'. W/^R?




1?EQ/??:@[DX=@
GIW_E6Q=VZW5NT+/(@;!W1M@@@Y'\J9;6IA.^2X



M.*$1X(9V(')8#OSTSQR




!SC-%MIMM:W<UU)1+.<R%IG8

7E1
MF


MGVN70DKF1B



RCE
@C/W2O:HGUK48[:YN$EL+N&*2*-9(HV5278 \[
OS?2
MG1ZIJ5QJ#+;V!:UCE\F0DHI'5MV_/'IM_&M&?3;6XFCFD1_-C&T.LC*Q'H2
M


=



LVA:?.T[21RDW$8CD GD 91VP&Q_^L^II\FE6Q#&
.DIB


MW+J-S9AX
B1# _E'#QG.[^+DC:PSQR.G-;!C5HC&_P ZE=ISW%5X=-M()()(





44US=PF
M=1'$

M QOMMQB)A

M'*ZK T0C&.9&*X.3@X(Z\9]J?#J&K


,YJT^DV<C0LR2!X1A)%F</@\D%@<L#WR3FG-IUJ
MTPE,9R.BAVYQC.W.

M5#'K&HSM9Q1BU5IKB6!Y6C?^ 
00A((SM[G_ !K4;2+)TD5HW/F%23YK[AM.






ML].M;%I&MXR'DQO=W9W;'3+
23UH S+[5-0@FO\ RX[416?EN VYFD5LY';:





-GUJUH]Y
-M6/[+L_M(N!$5DP =KLH<#@;@#AOQS3

%&51'LQ\W4_
IYZ?E0!1MM=FN4MV2S5/M5L\\.^;NN
AL#@
M?
ISTQC@\U+:Z!%;&SVW=TRV<
M31(K%

V^2$
-A;^]TR.G.#@T 54UJ:5[8Q

I'!YJ_I]Q-=VB3S0I$)%5T59_!
M// P?SJHFA1)!Y/VNZ95C:*(LRDPJV,A?EYX&,MDXJ]9VXM+2*W$CR)0H9\





]:BU#13'H
21TS\N/T^M2R6P@NIKV-
M)YGE54:%&4 XSSSCL3W_  S0 ZUNGN9GI&8512)%DSEB

MU#1Y








-I&#@ =
M/3% $=EJD]VL(-M$DQE=)H_.)
80X)^[SV]/O#FM

MQMRC


ML'/4C@\U?T^XFN[1)YH4B$BJZ*LA?@@'G@8/YU430HD@\G[7=
JQM%$69285

^







MJ 02 %/NCTRO7EO^^C[8 &S:^5U#[-!93SHDBQRNB.=I(!SPI7 ##.6!]C5G

M^[BI-
TY=.BE1;B:?S9&E)EVYW

MY]?Z5?K!U);E_$MG]E+1L+:13






[&/RB=V[/RKEOE !P!SVK/

UG

M1.

M95U)%\BR:T#) 5;!QA@=_!&U?UZ9X=_PC[_9[F
7
:-
\4GR0X4.A4YQNR0=


;Q)C$@*


M*[ESM*X(R
C#'N*H7E@J6




*1)G:BA1GVJG86



?/C'(YS_(UI$@ D

&6
M1&D6
F/;\NXX!.2.
D51DT&.*]M;K3!:6+PY$FRU'[T'J#@CCOWY_71OK5;V

OR9R1D

M-S
\ES/$D[@$

5;MM(\C48[S[0680[)%V_ZQ\DA_;[S\?[7
MM5:#0[R+[+F_@;[/=27/_'L1NWYR/O\ 'WF_3TY +%OK%LUI%):Q7
SS/)LA
M/^L.UB&/SD8 /J1C('M5235FM=5NIY$NWMELH[@P[0#$-S[C@X[*..3Z5);:


MEP
94G(([ _7TK6CAD6R6%Y%

$&;E)]JVY
MV#8VX +OX).



M2.-V?9&TBF
J^\+UP%)(_$IAKD7^BAK2[5KO_4#8IW_ [NH.!^./RYIMOI
M-U;:=)817R?9PA2'=!ED4\88[OF !XX!XZF@Z3=;=+ O(0; Y.8#^\^4K_?X

!USN0X.
D5T9#

]GI$]N
M+




M6R#B
\?*
9([\UMZ=;O:V$


Z*F
MU[5FVA=V.?

LY



VZNEG(X4K%LX]^3D_3 ]J +5%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !5_O+N[MX+:U@F\[=\TDYC
MP0,]D;M5^LC5[:2ZO[%?LMS)C


Y^I(&3[T 5_[44:T-.
3



MM




TENWBO8I8C)Y(E*
M0220P4G (!Z\\T ;D^IV%M-Y-Q?6T

)E;.U XW
M''7 ]JY]M_\ :

M;\B2UZ7)$

WT4UM+)8
M20W31G!5)
C/H2H.#^%8%MH

N-Q'3I]31

]_:LV]M[S^U8IK1)-K.@EW%#$5&
D@_
&QG&W/(
MYI=5MI9=7TJXBLS
()6



UP7@CN1&[1]RLK@''0@D=30!T7]


QJ)5RX]0
\U0.FR6

M!P=R =.


TB\VZGB@CSC

+7





M\U\EJUNDC76]')'50SX'(#'(&

M=:CTJUD@O+F-F4VUNY%O@\@. Q!^AX'L:=?0SIJD=W'9FZ4P-55E!4D@Y.X
MCCCG&3[4 7)+VTBECBENH4DE_P!6C2 %_H.]/%S T[0:
RK@M&&&X9Z9'X&

]Z -F&]M)UD:&YAD6(XD*2 A#[XZ55TW4C?7MY&C0/!%
ML
4D3[MX8'DGIV[5E+I$S6#-'8S0W8$0D$UV9!*J.&V*2QPIYZXZ].36EID5



@3'0C.=P_K0!=AN8;K698FM%$MM$CQS

GI@U;%FUY




MR'E?FXZ=: -.]OIH9U@M+47




M6T5E:745Q)I)BD/D.A
HVX!8C . X&?;U%;GA^SAMEFD@:\ EP62XA6(*P]%
'^-:5<P]BS7+QI:R+?^\Y)
MS&=HB+@M\^


M_P 1P3@?@#7*%O[0DG73YX(GAN(YA%%)O9MRE2S\%LC.,=.0:6TTJW%EX?

/FR



M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ I*6B@&VMHK6,I%O()R2\C.Q^K,234U%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%4]1MK6XA_TV(3Q@$)AD



+&'$. JJ[-)P2/



M

*![=?RQ[ &G-
M].E2L=JDX)P
\5S]Y&\Q@CF:YC9+T1Y




MQF!CSM
4[QXS_ND9I\-I%!Y?EF7]V!NE9LYY).3\Q]SDU/10 4444 %%%%
M%!]+CDF65I90PF\Y@
.1]T'V&!TQTJ&QT&VLEMS')-YT*JAEW\NJC 4]MO'
M3_Z]:M% %-[#SIS-/
[LN?*   BR
9 [MCN?PQ2Z=8BQBD4S/-)+(9))7 !9

M:X#$?K5BB@#

 L!CD_D*M6-FEE8VUJ&
@MXPBNPYX&



'2XB(.]&QN Z!AW'-7J** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH

'!QU X

MB:
1AX\='W8V_P Q6:OA-!;:;')/#


QJ(U]0N!N_$DTLFM01:E%9
M2PSQM
Y2.1E 5F'H


V2#^ %43X=D


M:W@TF);^

LY/KQV&FV<=^/+L+G[0A:');YBP!^;W//TZ597PY&+J(











;F5H  %R




)OA;.N


#VR: +6JW]QHV@K-(6NK@;8]^U5RS'&2

M2Q6X
_\ MD 98U*J
M!(6/ !  &22.P%/;Q!;(ULI@N-T\S6^ %/ER#JK?-^HR*@N?#
=Y:W:SS)]I


MGD[E))/.





@RRCG.0/;%
T+2I])AFBENH[A9)6E

ME18UE0$ &1&;:&'/ SQ\V

 E:&2 DD;)


M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B

M@!\%T\L88\'G@0L1U(Z_A1;7C27

MJ[QG!WMS3=)9()KH-(KWMX8Y&7D!E#9'UZ?F* +,E_*LPI&R #(#YW9/&#
MCMCFKEO
)H\_+N'#;22

LT


\\\DCBEUG41I^E7=RO$D
3
F]#M+8X'YXJK:RK;7\DTX\MKK:54GD
M_


M4GD:!6&






N&3TZ\8/% %F/4)7$4

MK%W0J2HC7(((''6I-/\ 
&CAXG7YC)(&(SD%F8']10 ZVOKAWBAEBC
SL=ZH




]6ZQ[)6U&46]




M-+?=;Z
H).&/'ED?\LW[]#0!J7=U)#YBK$00%*N1E3D@$?7GI4T$S2O)F
H@
M;$GEQW./3-0RB$R-EK;KSNCR?YU% L?]J?+Y3?N#L3'\0H ENKFXMVCQ#$





R0MNV 9PIQ^!Z'\*SHI#'JMV 9
RR
M@+L_P ,:DYS]:NP2$SRJS39C495@N#GTQSGB@!\EU!%LK.!&S!01SR3C'%

M1[=K'C;QD]5'% %Q+RWDG
[;9<@_*=H;
M^3L5[A[75VD28QN7(P!D#R5QN&



M$#N. I) _D:CM/FN;MF.7$FSGLH4$#]2?QK$O(I'U._D4.T0A3&9F&.9,GK
MR,\8_$4 =!'=0RR^6CY?;NQ@]/\ )IOVNWWR .-R2-\ YW;0P'Y$53LWDDO

M1HU;YU 8J000#G!_0TCW$
3R*QPR+O88.2/7WZ51TQITC2*OVC9\VYVW$!F
MV]1P.O2L^\247%H!'M#3'J!A1M;UBZ9('?J/K0!T#SQQPO
[82-2S''0 9Z



MSRI;S#EHL@@;6/ Y.0/Y5G*'6WDX5GGD98COP=RS





M(WS2M:1[G




F[J 91CKZ ?3% '00313P+-$P


YP.1ECC]
CDC<L(R1R


D4%^.CL!G'H!5&XDEMK74(V6)
MEAB
TDI)!9B?P( 'TR* -NHUFC:9X0P\Q 5[X/0_H:BMDN#!LNY%=L\-'E



9WXE
D2L

_MHQ


M1M
4;^9&.)



&/M\H7C\J@CTV*.*Y0R2O]ID\R1F;G.  /


6R0#CZ46ENMK (E8M\S
6.


\XS^-6;B62-HQ&N3N&\;&(V]
W H G&G_Z/<0/=3R1
34M5=/D
MGFM5EN#&6<DKL& %[9Y/.*R]0U2[3SA#'*GEQRG/E=,<!N3TXX- &U)LCHS

MUQ^=(;&
S0R[Y=\1)!

MJ

MS?D,9Q@=,?3VKGTUB\,#!K@^:98HUQ$ #'&S%CV'S-U]*U=;FNQ;&&PRLQ
M&]I.


W4DC)P.W/I^=7Q!JUU:3_9[82J6$


TY)
M\71MY
;BI=/XES@_B,C\Q4] %864*M$R!D:+.IY;.
MD=YA.Y=R^
G...

*B3:NP
MN025 &


M[8O

MGCH
U):V4%I&R0AP&^\S2

[#&0W\.
GZD_A4E
ME/+-#$98F7




X&.Y[U/';F]TA[:[
A$RO&Y/#8)(_E5BVNHKKS/*W






6YP1@;@ 6  ]2

M20SQSPK-$VZ-AD-CJ* 


M(HVBCYY.X@L?_'5Q^-/OOM'V.7[(5%QM_=[AD9]Q33?PB8H=P  R^TXSZ?7I

M:E-W%]H2$$MO1GW#[H (')_']#27-Y%;%0P=BR
XV#/XR?U% %-(GBLK6$R
M,WV?9T@;YMN*?/&[WLDCI.T2A5P0NW'4[0 6/Z=/:IAJ4)MLDVM((PVWC).
M!^IJ2[NTM$1G#





R
M88




ES(6!R
M!MS(%./^!#\
5L
ZH



#KT-:%Q?06[E)'&X#)
M&1Q^M1PZG;3R(BOCS!\A)'S'KCKG.* &WUG WE


MC



M&P97Y
'K]:L:0K^?J
]20S+,I95< ''SH5/Y&@2BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH R-2W+=X5F
MV;-V <_,3T^G-/TY
7+5AD*#-P/'.2
?4?I5N6PMY22596+[RR.RMG&.H

&WAI'+D'&

YP/HWUJQJHEV/LA(






94#U]!6^UM$\4L3AF2488
M



7(SQD]?I39[6&X*&5-WEL'7DCD


S5[8SZG8E8HN'8$R1@ASL8

UM/ CO$[ YB)9



)\D#/R$G'/R\9K3-G ;H7)0F8+M#;CP/I3+?3;6W6 1QG
M]P

I4X$8!X YZ=ZT+:=;UY9455,84
M8E+\Y/J!5F:))X7AE&4=2K#.,@T^@#/N;:*XUWC2-1Y&968*.05 _'+?E4
MFFGS(I)%R)712% .%8K_2IVMHFA:+! ?DD

M_P#:_P^S_C1#!' 9#&/



@0H

MV'Y4^2
2;2205Y!'8]
_SH P[F*1+B2+:Y
MQ'(J!SN(&WIST^7KV_*KE]$J





;BS%C@=!SVY/'O4BQ*LKR
M?
^ ?PH RK4.-=598$B=()%W(


MRM'.&&T


M%++Y4;*9)PV?X
.V


9\QLX].M %?4AMDC


M S)XWNBT1*3



M4%H^ =I(''H  *TK2/;$'

3J.%QTSG)S0!7EO;O\ M5X8Y'R
* 
MBK6C2RR;XWN/

M#6A% \-U(%C785)27)R3R._8Y_R:MWI\IN[!XG=MMRTDKG''[IUS^9 Q0!



MIM0GCE:215&U%W!6(X.WDX'.*TK?=]GBWQ^6VP93.=IQTSWJO8V^+;;/$ RS
MR.H;!QEV((_ _K0!4U&]FCN[A8PNVRMUN.6(WD[Q@X[?+_G%2QSS1NTK$
)I


ME


M[G(!P!UXY-2W=I++
76$




D+)+*Y(\PAG



S3K9Q@!$FF81G#$A<@\@\5;&
WID-@I
MB



.S




M8!^'.: )HKHR:E) I5HEA5P1UR2PZ_@*N54 F;48Y/+9(A$X;+#!;*XXS[-3

M_P#6(3D







MJ.^CFEEM5CCW(LH=GW#Y0
]JM
NY2








G=C[S'.6R
'Z8H ADUZ%7


;6V
?
M[XR !CGC'2EOM2BLSL(#/E.X'#-MSUSZ_E5#:8;X%V)$EVIPQ4@1CG.2!T
M/7TJ;54\NY$[1*Z+$SG

(@FUSYA&&!&$;;^N1
M6A6+I\$3ZBR$)BW42C:

CAEZ9!^M $D




2% D<
).['(51P
MH^N!^ J&Y@EB7480AF9K

9 [_2@#4NKU+=T0?

]/8_E
PR/U]*?:7;W!*26[Q.OWAD$+W&?<@_SJG?VY
ME_T:5Y LX





4MGYQC@(?_9Q4NIC=82J.





M'

M !2?]\DCZ4 :

(8]GE@  ;I 
[LYQ
MU[?A1I$BF62*&XE\F%0D43JH+ #EAP
C/&?4'UH GN]9MK90=R-E@H/F*!R0

MX4LJ

MRJ2ARN1T.

[



N$?8?7&: '4U



M5D$2AA^.*L&*






CJ&

-


:QIDG
M:HP
DY-9=[*S7EE:22(L3PO


1C

UO 5(:*
@\'*BGE%9=I4%?0CB





UM
M[4
E;EM3&X8.LCDY4C@L2





TDUW(DH3RRF)0I9AE64@G(/X?A4L
(P.?3'%6KJ%IA&%VX1P_P W<CI^
MN#^%9UWK)AGCA5 K.<$LCG:,$Y(P/3U_E5VX?[*S2JS21KEF\LQJYQG@$G%



,\CKUI7M79)4\MTKER[]%/ & .

M+
R+AY
$;FQG&.1W_@!L5K


XY&/6I+

AN2W? ]!Z^O'8TES=O'*B1^5_K K[GY QG\.U #KRT:Z$*[



M$R=N3]






<M_G- $FIV9N--DMX(HBQ4A0YP

MF1P$0 $L3_G^9H K16%Y8%Y+1X;AY/O)


S312X+*RL^XJV.Y(QGD=^N+5SJ AN3&%8K$ TQYP#G&/Q'Z

MAZ$UMU0FU'R[LQ%X%15+

==R^8KISW[?ZFF1630WL9B6-;9 [=26+
1^G6G27VV[EMU6
M




]3UH M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%


MCZU?VKNW8&[&




MVJ_%- T2-$\?EL=JX(P3SP/R/Y4Z*2*0-Y3(VUBK;3G##J#[T 9T01IKF?S)


S3S1M[%W*D?@:TGECCC\QW54X&XG Y.

M2

W-9D





M&6

%CD?]]8
MQ[ ]ZRXU*W-]*7

M4CY@




KO(YW2.

 &

%6\O91A
_-R0
#UPHYQZ&M@.C.4#*73!(SR
]*

UK$9ZTM




P7=V)I2R=R./6@#$OR/MNH*?
^:&( *A(/+=3CBI[G:FH



MGZ_2FV.(]2\@.KR0VV& R


MF(.6SDX].!TKL*S)M&@


M73^&]5:XBGBE:W8 /*'^8IT4  KU'! K
U*/R)K_ .:$^7&N'6
@1GG)&9/E


M

A;]V1[AL?AGTJBK2$P6[01RK+%)(
M9&M][_*R+]XMR
'!.






M'*KVSZT 2U!#=133SPINWP

[ LY!!Q^. .P Z=JTZ 
.\D(U5HWG9
DLX9&E9E
M),HP_P QP1C'3-066G+!)--*WF2S.2VP7& 


M)./0U
;&!5E\F*.)Y5V

MMHM*-Q/)#Y


:6
M;RU1'=260






MHC
ZKA9'4D9Z]


M

QB

))=@D


M=;E2DG/.W&

63

&)


9))/3\:2#R9+A]V?.DWXQT^55Q_P.T %P



HY]^M2Q:88YE


Q_@H^J2K).3@
-E!S@+RQ!QUQQ@








A

\#@5::U6]TZ&*Y
F?W;L0=K;E
M(;^8H J7%]=11WA61



YQ69Y2_;+&SCCEQ:?O&9D.-I4?-T)).?7BM6@#SB]T


#KQQ5K1KYYW:-I)
T5LL<:QK+.ZJIAMW/.X<D[B
]3DCM5RUTM=
D




ME$L:1J









L2
M)&C#('));/7ZGVDLCW
\;2K*J!=I  ZYS49$B:I.XMWD1H8P&& 

DF5E\Q0KRJ0S
M811WZ_7O0!J457L/M/V./[:4:XP=Q1<#KQQ],58H **** BBB@ HHHH ***


G@#\3Q52U25M1G
MDEBE5&A109-O)!?/W?J*CNK2-[VUBB&I:5^6P0!@ \^K9_#VH U*@%WR(P

P4XP



MIP3M^[C/7KQW'T- &V;VV$AC



8.![]Z +
M;7ENDD:&5


MDUDV\'^FS'RG




M9Y/?GIFH[TR&=%@$L
LSE6D*$L1M)QQ_#P.AR/KF@#8BECGC$D3K(C=&4Y!J

01RA

M!N8@L+;LK
0$(!YR
C]!
M63JB-YUHD




5# L.H!Y%8$0^SVHQ:+
S2=2(PQ8
M0DK]2K#%:EBGSW$B)&B%]L85 
 #!SCK\V: +/GQ[XU#9

M'C8
IZ%3D&LXVR;LJS*6)PN

#% %N




M(7


'V/2D^PK_P _%S_W]-9R:A.UK)J)

M5OA/
.%WR




<R0;HU*X:-?NL?7'K[TV&]6:%R\%Q$5P&5HSD9'8CK^%4KZ\*:3;20S
M3,7FM\2;"RM(O7CN#B@#1N;=;E45F(2+(


!B=8T+0L0P7'?CENE &@EDD23+%)*AF;<7WEF!P!P3GT'



\]F[R$EO.D
M')SQO.W_ 

M?QJ-;CS/-_TJ9 )Q&


_7!/YT&TC)5CNWA_
W9Y)Z?ECM[5.

-CY0
X X]23SZT&V)+.96\

\Q)P
M-Y;=D' Z?
?;*S3?O&DW#?)SCIV_E0!J+91U:V=I)8VZB5RQ(]





3&.=G8GW]?I38K;R[F6=I7D9P% ;
M&% SP
#WJ*XGE2[2$.BK(A*#87)(^]TQCJOZU6L)[AHK2




MT&.AY/XT 7O*;_GM)^G^%$$ @#X9F+L6);U_R*Q[RXN(9Y


 !\X(.??B@6BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH


ZXTNU




K@+(CAE?!RK ^GM5JB@ID\1/[J
M


&0;3_ +1&_)_P^M:U% %6R4_9V9X/(E8G





M&0:O)

M
]O&4+*4RH[ =/QJ[10!FW-M=-JAG@=51X0A]B&)R?;GIW]A4D%M)93I' F^
MV9 K9;E& P#[Y&
_3WJ]10!E26UTMU


D



0JL-V=@RD?' QW]_




MHR;]_P VW'IC^M21VK+JJRBW\N*&*15(8$.796.!_P ![^M:-% &3!I8B9 (


M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444



M-PWD9VYYQZUS\5SJGVDP2RW0 2X4R&VR 1(/+8$+@G83ZCCID&EFO[WRPR&_
M0^4K8^R%NDF

J#SR=O3DB@#;HKG;^ZU1))VCDGB
:N67R1Y

X) //8B%;C4E*





M

=-YJ/\ M#5EG&][L_\ 'MD)9

M6'FL@@E$6[#O+ ZE\.0=RB
]8FNS7+VY@@6Y\IX959
MHXS

9%1+=:H90;5)V(1L02P[(]OEDJ0Q4'=NV@@GC)X&
T

LUS
68X
UL8V7CD'@



:T@RK%PH4Y 61L=2
9/3/M



M43364DRFU=_(AF C(/E[R58-E@#M(]5Z@'U+O^$DG62/S)+)%*V[
NX$GS'9

9/(J_0 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %06UI#:M

M0 562P@2Z:Y'F^8QR09G*9]0A.T'W JS10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
#?__9
end








begin 644 exhibit10-20x4x1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!# ! +# X
A .#0X2$1 3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@M?W)M+*:902R1LRC:2
@9YQ5.;5)$BN' 1
M1% L@#J1N8[L#\UX^M2:\571[EGN/)41ODY #?*?EYK/GBD%S)';1EY1;1 C
#Z]:?.


!GVGS 1@

MQIH]TLDFV)6EV(XP3(Q.![X)X]3CVJ[JZ22R11Q022DHX.!P
XZD\4 2-J#1

M[63 D
9W

@_=Q+)N+@9R6& /;;^M5-
MY#'*Z16VY+
MF7#


BOM4JAS[
M@Y]ZGRMI;(ARY50J@=6(':LR2.*/[+:

YZ#;T%
C.S5;:![A9
MI8X)=W]X LF





MC:2!^('XU;6\A-H]SN(BCW;B5.1M)!X_ U0M]@EO+EI)(E2X5B[H5)41KD
M$$#CK1;*)=%6 B1UNS)\R#HK%CNSVX- $BZDX

M06\.TL0TDBGKL'''(YR1^1JIR-=M49E++%*2H8$C[G7@8I]Q%$NKQM(Y3?!(
M6??M/WH\#- %BYFGF8!4B1BK



M*!L=B7D./;K3=1MR/(GE.Z5KF%1Z(-XX']3W_(  T(?/+$RF(H1QLSG-55O6

M3Y54J^ 3TR




4=M*Y19N[;LQS^)_.J\L
MRI*]M70P&W8
D[

MF3'S+V%5K!49M


T6Z9O&@)F7[.J





MMY
H_P!6NW?][YGX//S]@%_.II?


E








GI0!N$#J1T[TU&215D0JP8<

MZUE:HY:3]R(A\J.'






M3Z5F.9#?V\9^T


%7=5&#]



-Q 29HP!WWH[Z016SR






M/ZTRZL!







I$MTLT




M(OM$HR 2N&^7GW% %FWL(+:)1%%&DBIL\Q$ ;_/%$EC$Y3 V*JE3MZD$@D9]


VS8
$G@8I;


!LX/O]TT /&G_*JFXG8?
MQ
SG)_+ 'X#\J2UTY;23;')FV52(X2O$?(/!]..!VI+NZFANX$6&4H2VX@H

WDAY5**DB2*%^\'(./;
MI4@M;G[)/;M=*^X%8G:/E5QT;GYOKQ3);^6[^SM$CEB2C!B/EQW&#SUJ*QO
M+F:]8.\?E%V3RV;## !&!M![]_7VH ?%IC13121S %(V1B4R6)V_R@5*-/'
MD6Z






MWKS^6:SY+-%




3
W  8$FG2W

+.)'VE(S(W





^G6HGM5M[FU :61V
:$[. $#=P

MF$











M



C
()4





MSQ0 ^%A/9YE4!6!##/!'2FZ:[R:= \A+
4'S'JP['\1S4\L2S(4D&4/4=C['

MJR2M(R;-SN6P.O3I0!4EM$DU-$B 11$N21EB-O?T#?G3K
(;#[2EMNDEX(
MB;!8;CCDGTYZ^M69+3

M6@# M5V6EG(=@

U*+)C8S6TUW-/YJLIDDA@
?P@#]* *%W&K
MR3*@ERT  7)'.[T]/TI=2 
FEQA)2C7; HS'+#RY#SD]

MV8=1Z?3VJ%]

(/(88SUP Q_(4 4+2



 #( -V/3F@#



C[1(K8QTZY&
=*U[BPC





O#'#&J
R#:@).0
G(


M:T2U>0PLRQN
YZ$J


1$A\%Q\B=<?TK8EA67;G(VN'X[D4WB#
WEKEGWDD9^; &?T% $M%%% !1

9-
MW#@*5


M#'N7N/M0C2Z8F6
K]PC9C/S8QZE1^-7;(N!Y4D\DCJB\F
@#MP2.34*6DRZC
M/
N<8X('\ZDOI)TTJ:
M1Y(P<9#H2N%[?C3+RVF^Q2VR1-*]X2)9%( 3(P2<]@HP,9/2I]4M_/M<+;B6
M13\G3*=L\^U %[NIV6Z\N1MWE?N]F0-V#TY'M5R^N0\$
4


CRV4!

JL&0LC$;P

IQ_J

MU!L9!#)*$1YR_F+&Q('3&
^N.

M-&)+MMN)'BB$;.1M!8#./4EL_3%&IW




=_KVXIT5[(VJW

GH
Y'XFK

F T?S





AYSC_9]J &7MT\%A#(MQN9V1?
BCR&#
!D


M'KGDY'I4-O?E[DJ+EQYIDR% 9E*N$&!CC(.?PJS=VIN88VCMRCB
_*Q&1P0%
MSR.IS^%016=[9-%(D2SL$F&$(&QG8

M._O44
KAH(99[MW
GE

Q\8+@9S_L]^E
L;D/?R*KM(CJ 
%R$(
MSG.1@9R*L7-F7D22)W&&)=?

M KM?RK+* ;E]C +'Y6TCK@GCD




M R2?J:&LB-(BL 



[N&621)E\L3<LI8[55@'&-GLP
MZU?O+AHYH$26-.2S[V RN
?GC\C5%-

M:4_FR)LB7:S#[[8^3_$T 4-.OU2UC


DC1

A5OM=PRX+Y*84G:!Z@)R/7-:=9T]JSZE;
MOM2

)H;0$QH -\O+%1A23]?SH EU*YN(
+Z20A

MWFH6KY?.3G''TY_(TC:ALR1XD.X$[MAP.F/SSQCT-

M]#C]:S KQF
(?-BN9%\L*AVKM3(QQ_L=J -N6X2-8F(8B5@HXQC(SDY^E
%]

TRTNDN[:*=

MN6



M]ZI[!P;UDF:7?C?'W*

32B4E!%MRQ&0=QP
8YZT^

1\X[X_S[UJ6ZN=3N'_
M 'A!@C :1


M%2RW





M-EC JAO/@W8&,GS%H FBUVD
@\U%-M!+CYN.HY_#\*?+=PQ11REMR2$!



 P/RZ4 ;$4ZR2

M@4X.

;1Y!RR+&W
M*



6V0L:G!)R1V^4<@#=HHHH **** B




MM &[%$D
82

62BAB%!(()QT[G\ZJWKS0VT3&XQ=+


M86SA1Y'&_=(VYB9&]






#MUSS6;-EYE2&1X[BXD43*K8
-B KY@
MCW_*6SR!WQZGTK'M)8K69&E,\%M!F.,[G*,1Q\PR0N!V/_U@ ;$]E!<*BR(=
MJ$856*@@=CCJ/;I4DT*3*%D&0&5QSW!R/U IR,'0,IRI&0:BNRRP%U9U\G9




M@'J*CN;.&Z:

8BH
9D#&=FQSCH?J:K?:Y8

#








11=D1P&5_+S@@C!QW
MZ?SJ;2#)(KI+@Q/YD8(!!;<6P?0?
1ZU:N-0ABM1.C+*AR 588XS^F1BHHM
M5BEF5/D52K
[&0?+C&/SR?P% 364US;6YG/[Y6B,B!SLX8%OKT/6I1!,LYE
M2.%?W80+N.!SGTITU_%&T2Q_O6DP5]P?0]^ 3CVJ(ZFISM5  I.9)-FW&




MQSTM)CD9X:/_ .*J)M2 TV2]\ED01^9&'8#S!MR.A.* %^RW1:!O.A'DYP/+
II;Z



M..


%)#9SQQ]/U% $$=C)%-'
KJS%R\H(X.1C*^A' Y[


(E+;RI8!


M



!;EP8
M]Q=H@=REBS'J1G'S#ZE1^-^.YAEW['^X






?7 S0!5BTV:*U$&8S_ *49RW(X


77#SK(


[N/E=7..@QTZ__7I8[!XQ=JJHWG
=KR.2P&Q1

M*[9!PN

M68CMCZG.:N44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% %346 MU3!8
IXY/X=<U3:.</)YK*H=S;3M3++&%R.WW7QGTKH!#$%

$#![]
MZL4@4#H .

[0MYDC XP<85<^O
M.?P]Z33W9A=OO:11




_K3Z 


M6ADBEL-&BVEI-L9*H

M#&TEABS3J9HFN'*RG[V5)R/JYIZK
;VX
2NRBY.\*^WCRDQ^M::0Q(4*1HNQ

M*BNK:!B6MR)+Q7&8B3AI01DY'K6P(8EF:81J)6 4N!R1Z9ISHK@!U# $'!

^8P($:;0


9/[EO7CI6L5!7:0

K73)
_P#?#?E4MON%Q;28QYTKKN#C(ZL3C;W*#-;






 ^U6VDU9-9$7




G3K0!TH((!!!!Z$4M8D.H7<3SVTC6J^7:Q3QNV0J!BPPQSSC;U&





Y0

Y4$D$N,!NFTY
MQUHM-2U&XTZ:[DDL8LK0A65BJE7VD[L_-TX&!DXY% &[35=7SM8-M.#@YP?


N&5?0C'&?;WK2TB





MU34H+6*2\M?LQ\PK)(8O
7:
8.U&.W.2
Y.
=ZU)YW73WGA\N1Q$77+$*QQG


GUVZM4A\F&Y6

^

$3R
 !Q]P$CG'Y&I]O6O](MYI,B8+LE!!!#
MKPW!Y'(- &A1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!4O\ 3[;441+D
M2%48.H25TY'(/RD=./2F0:190-*RQ
[S+L=YI&E9E_NY8DX]JJ^)CLL(9/


ML3&^]&5RI4]

OEPX67.Z
NQ3GKA
G(X_$'B@Y9V-O8H5MU<+V#2

M-)%Y+D.R[DYXX(]3^9]33=:NKBSTUYK5(VD#*OSL0!E@
]#ZU5FUN2%)I3:H

M_P#8]CMD'DL?



^R1MF1L
G&2W]WC'7M0!TMM;_9_

MX] *JW.B6%U---


L
L3QR%)5V

MS\V/?-9VCZ@UG8VL4T&VW


UM-




=3P0!W-:]I.+FV28;
/RCAU(]01U% %9M'LF:W;9(&MF+1D3.&
M/4G!^8GN3G.3ZU-86-OIT!@M5=8RQ?#2

MA02.0$02;..#U(S^/L!31=SV%_J

2$2^2TRQR':W<_<V[1Z[L^U:5S'+(BB&41L&!)*D@CN./Y_GTH @O-)LK



MT2_:7\H1D#D.2.








',C$%L,0KD=RYP2


=L]
\Y[8Y +$=L\FH_:[B*)7B5HH2CEB5)!)
M.0


M+:P

8W*
2K( 

#

@8D8_N
M9QT^;I0!L26PBFENK6%&N9 JMOD95('X'G'MS@4^QM4LK1((PH R3M& 23DG
M'U)K!LY]1O%L=1D+K$\
4C
LF(U&#Y@*9Y)XQP?J.^M:W\+WKP22D7+?\LL'
FU:*.

M





BGO
MC=R.#PN3[4 :EA90Z?:);6X(C3/WCDDDY))[DFJT^D1SRO(]Q/N:-XU/RDQA







BB-5QA6VM\Q(&0?0G]
M10!:TNR2S@DVQ^69I7E9
YVECG'_ .KC.:?+9F6^AN?M


\2KM


M[


B1.3S[_


M+#+&K*CQL. V
\$$'H.H-4Y-!M7AB42SI-'

MNU/V#_7(#,PVYW(N5^IZ?GZ5%J]YBPM+R'4&M())$W2KL(*-WRP(% %A])





F1G.


2ISZ@X/


MOB*RN[=I( [R41%61F9B
V\E#$&B899#C*G<#GIUZ^_)I@UA7M


@CH3U%59M%22*)%O+F)DE\YG39ND?^

M20( JEL;3R02#N'3/7TH TQT]:6BB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB








M!\L@C!4INS@C_:ZU&NCSQW%O-%=Q[HY9)I-\.?
9Q@XPPP .!UZM2\MH9H
MX);F%)I/N(S@

M&^09#'N.X +E3D8X !X/3M4UMIEQ:73R0WN8YBK3+)$S


/DW*#TSD#ZU
M9M[JWND+VT\4RJ=I

M -9+O27N9KDY6]VH6XC


M$J[NN.F?6K*W

XQ
MDY9LG!/IUITD%ZP5ENXUE4
/))C;)&5W9R 



MR??C\Z-1TU;V2=)6@NK9BT4J@'&1@@CN#W%31W]G+LT=W \3$@.L@*DCKS

?S!]V[&
M[/W=W.




I6*
G+$8X49/\_K5F6]M8#B:YAC/'WY .O3\ZE9E12SL%4#)).

-VD=S'%Y
M
A

*QLI8.9
M  0.ISZ4 4WT=/L-I;13.AMVSYF.6!!#@XQU!/T.#VINH:0]]=2
]R$MWMF@
M
:Q_

G.X-GJ!VJ\;VUQ
;F';



B?8XH6N)+4D.!NSM;A00&'K]#
M@UN76J6%GN^TWMO$5!)5I #P
].M-M=8TV[7

4 5)=


'#8'L

K6K9YYM/



M2

L\\H)6*
M+;N(&

M_#.A5HAO



MGE*#.Q
;C]
D#]: 

M$6TPBDP%K



$LW'/M]*TZ:Y*H


?FKNV$Y(JS0!S%OIUVOAR6V
M6P:&1;SSDAW(



K-%E4
04\9'\6.G]WOQF:
MTM-1@GBN&L)&2.ZN'
)DCW$2-E7'S8R!D8)'4UT;2HDB1LP#R9VKW..M/H R
6P

W]FF.0636PA+1G

7B8KNR,;NX8#GCCGM6[6
M??:HMJ(S%&9]UU';.58 1EB!D^N-PX'Z4 9FE6-];C1&EM&4VUL]O,Z_(3L
RQ^T6<\D4

MMXP5QN!SSUXK0HH Y[2]



\JKA(E*KD]N20
M*Q)=.OK673KVW-Y=R1
1) _D+M1A\PR


\8)_7FIZ** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** 
<NI%@



$(1\JJ

_R% $6E6ZVNGQ0QO.Z+G:9P V
^F!CV&!BL.6V



M93';*[L
CRW:
JW8'H
@D=*DLM



X# M@;



M^RMD=^


MSPK&N_/7(0;SU^;)R.IKH** 
/Q) MT(H6L?M!9) KO&TB1M@8^4=SV)QC!Y


S?9^&96.0R'!;C (QR



M4^; P:


P;;\N
M 0

C6T+7%F;BV:ZT\%Q/&L1D^8@;&* $D#GMU(-9
%JRZA9QWMO

M'.


ML';^\^ZP]!U&:HW&GQ1:1



ZZTJW
MMKR*:QTZ$)=1M;RA( -H89#

.$SDK&2H.

'!&1F@

\#/

MJ*-?KJ$)Q/:^5C;
*
J7VDH=P.?F (-+]B=['4FM;:X6X^UY#M$1*T)9=P


MSJ*?99'NK@*;.41DA'8W;P,)@
M^N,CUJ1]*BCU9[86L#6VH*LT_P['WHR

MX(S34@A@DDERVZ0\EYV/89/ ]A0!,!@8'2EHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
:
M]E1T#?9T(4-M4MDE5Y)SG).![5T5% ''V-Y]JN])M+C49?WD4Z2Q+<%265@
M%.X88GJ

M*$





M#/K&C2_:)9KB287L6;RY



ZAG^Z

PC+*K_(Y(

M

$*
M ?QKK** ..2:&34(7LKZ9WFL)5

=@

M2;-PG





M-J=

M3*

M%:R.LBAD8

'_ *9MNR-HQWXX

XYW5DV%SYIM7:]E+O W]IH\[ 0_)RW7]V0W QCC)[9KJ:* .=\
/\ASP!PV..W'KWJF)Y/M5ZB:A</?1ZBJP1&4\QGR]P

1




MRD


MPCM_)4?:I/


O\ =8 @
/8YH S!

M

J
M[



3*9DS<R'#GJ?O<YYZ^I]30

M!T//'KF@# \R\N#837$D

M

M%_MK2Y BF0-*H8CG&P\9]*J6VK:C=+9*L5K&UQ)/$[$LP0H6 P.
_=]1^%:M
MSI]O=W$$\PD\R YC*RNF#] 0#^-5H=!T^!HC&DX

WWC][O_ %/K
M0!4M=5OW:P
B6Q%V9(MBAAB1 QSNR?E.T\8R
]31!?7]Y-I$BRPPI.CO+'Y9
M8'&. =P['^O-6DT#3T6%52X A=GCQ=2_*3U(^;OS^9]34T.D6






$P 
CGY




:B2)YE&UASE2%D//3YL@'T

VEEMY)9#O*LC =%.
$$'[W?VY;#

MT;J?7KP/04D6C6


\ Y H IV6JZE=W)DCL-UD6

M..662.(KYI)=1(VPD]3MS@$^N
TW^RX$W&%I8W=U9G\URQ .0N=W Y/R].3Q


M=M9^8D


GN/LI&GE!<RR0H&F&0Z;NN!C&%/()^AZTZ+7)IA:I%8


9.3


H)++[9&
MJ2;V(&
@C''WACKGVZ4[^W&:.R:*WCG^URF)9(;@-&&VY^]C/8]NQ]LNM]!2



C.*BU:_.FVJSB
:A\20

M0#U!&

0#@$'J
^U32Z$EQ#B2\NQ*94






3JH)
M=IIA$J@#UP?Y51_MZ66)7M; N&LQ=@R2A!@_P\ G/X5?O=/CO)8)'DD1H=V-
MF



 RC
MS5 P
_+U [C'OFM2&)8($B0L510H+
6)QZD]: 

T




MRW 9BVW)(7 RN01G@^U.?1()!/YD\[/

MKQGU(6\-E/)!YK1-

9W9]JL:/JHU6%I%2-


#D\8

MB?=N7(8#''&

;;[&^HR7*WDB3-
\K0F$2



  DG



MM&[W'!P:FM-12[%LT4$NRXB\T




M$*QF:QNXM\Z0?







4 ++JJQ23(;6Y+1



MT^EQZA-]J

M[$BRS2/ 44(A9F8C'110 D^O6]LLYGM[J
Q*KA?+!+J3@







^HWERUQ$8KF)(_*:#. I)Y);!

ME)$
VT%9B 20N3T!QD#/;-5HMEA-CY5U$B6LS2F

MIT&AR01PPB[5H+1B]HC1$F



MP 959(W:/(C0YPN 1G ) H D.J1JZQPV]S/A49S&H;RPW3.3DGZ9-0'Q'IPU
M
6/F@N7


K1@3
M8^2*/RUXS\Q&2QSR1CH.*JW6B7,YOMM[$@NYXIAFW)V;-N!]_G[B^G?\ 2


'OR*KQZ)
FF6]L;Q?M%M
9

[L9Y'/0Y'-)'X
MBMYEA\FVNY&FMC=*H0#Y 0




MC[[8/T].1- G2.;%['YTUN8'D
!);D_



3(9(RZNN21@;@01DXY/!YS43^'<JEO'=!+-;0VNP1_
MO
==P?.
O7!R003CF@#3!R 2/8]J6BB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@#

WR
1C\5Z8YS4W]K6?V9
M9Q([*S% JQ.7W#J-@&[([C'%-U2TFN3:2VYC\VUF\T)(2%?Y67&0#C[W7!Z5


MU*UGNC;QR$R8+#*
 X'4J2
-C(Z$U4N-2-GK$L=S*?LPMUD54A9BIW$$G&3C


XM2%?R




TR1)YF]XA*
Q.!M/3)(P#['GVJK);_ &;4[N^N)8$L





5E8[L9P I'&/7GVJ'5-'
M^U7MM<):V=RD4;1FY7Y<$@@J=IP1CT[T 6Y=5LHFC#39$@!#JC

M]LD9J2&^M[B9XHG+


M[9X'*S
&/ %6)





Y

MH^4DD?AG'.  7=+OI+S4;]#(6AC\LQJT1C9



M@!5+

LC/*-SP


D=




=3TSFK9U2T69(FD96


5/[T28)V@CTZ'U]JDBT
M5DU2:YEM-/N1+()1-(G[R)L 8'RG(R



MN3

R
%3%W&C;@'4Y0'T/S$].PH UQR
TM
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% %.\OOLEU9PF%G%U(8]X( 0A2W


M
3Q7$#$@@_


M '545GZ=(A2W2:W\F[

MQC\: -*H3

1N
C:?1N4/
MKG=52&T66TL3+87$R0:E*2L\#L_EMOVGYQDCE.3^/2@#I-+OO[1L_/
+0GS'

+.[24W]P9'-M(

$.T84MRW3H#QUJIX:+?V.L;12Q&.610DL31D+O)7 ('&





:
MZ=A!% LC1H5&W
;*W&X

CIB@#K:;EM^

M9FC4W

@S@+@8!^[D
M#WSWH ZZFR%PA





M#[@ UJ*Y'3+=2=/N9+1YHR+RVDQ'YA(


M5SJ6-O?:CJQGL))2\:-$;F!B-P4@[2PP.2.E43IBS1V



]R3@I*Y#2[630K.672

M^5S'$SK&TC*

GT'/4UCZ

M



\J.H+^;E?F#)SAL



@GY#RWR\=
I% &M:7<%[#YMN^]02IR"I'4
M$'D'V-3USEY;1Z=&JW%U,UQ?7!9FCE^SHS[< 9!R!P, $DGUJIH]R-2NK*Z
MU&=G?3U9XEG
9\P$9/RD'.

M9+EK@K(LC_?V
M2NJOQCYE!PW''(KG;2*.TTB+4(9[H_8[AVN(_M

M\+16V7




$R *3%


=
M* .DHK LKE)[^8W%Y+'?I
X2V\TJ'C_@_=G@@@@EL9SGD8Q5:ZD;2)KFUO)
MI-7%J?-M3)NVR8Z^6?NX(.,8!]Z .HJG_9EK]H:;;(Y)91*^QCZE

M?RM)9:@VE7US-;BT

U354BNKYX-2FCBD-JT4

*229#-(539/Y*LV#@,XY^@')/8U@VVHBX:Q%YJLJ;]+=Y$\_R_P!XISQ
M@YQN[_PGWH ZV]NH[&SFNI@YCA4NVQ=QP/:I(G$L22+D!U##/O7&7.IK?:)+




M2-5N-2=K

N



MV5&@U$0B6-4'FCJ&(*D9'(XP

MTZUOK2]#&TNH+@+U\J0-C\JCU;C1KT$Y_P!'?)/^Z:RA;WF4U2[DM;/[/9M&

H92K %2
$'O4=OMO(D9BJ_=W') ]*YN74M0



M:&=XQ(P ) Z9P ._I0!?HKGK_4KE3=3170B^SW4=N(-JD

7%EH=W


[Z

M2RQP1/+*X2-%+

M
8V[20R#N
\Y^O''?.58ZA=Z;I%B4?SD.E/
L14 *R!
8QST;G)[=J .PHK)

MUXAN(;Z



LTLEU]FN#$EO L:@J50]6QR-Q_B'?V%1SS3-K]I++//9
M1_9)7:&0QD AT'.

MNG:
 C=6GH5S/=1SR74TGG!]KVSA1]G/ID $Y!!S^5 &GO'F!
-DC/W3C\^E




M;N

CQB5
M2I9
9 /7&01^E1AHM
L8DEED=8P$4E=SMQP


MF_M%LUNWN8H[=@))&KSTZTZUO;6]5FM+F&X53@F*0
 ?PJEXG_ .1:U+_K


JD?@346DW1U






.
&J]OK\MW'9&VLU=KHR*&



EO$


M1 T
$[
A:9H=[%48
%Z@]0._K5K[';&4S/;P-



MRZ= _EPK+ ;]XY'DF8&

MT?3'W[M.LVWMO?


I4R&
%B/3/7%-3
M3K&...-+*W5(VWHHB4!6]0



Q+


M=K=E=IFB5RH[$BC4;J:T@$D



_[ _E7.Y-Q:Z7J
M8#O/=7*28
A P5;:N.F 

M@BDD222)&=


D=*

9]35;5_-













5O$L4$:11J
*B* !] *9+96L\HE


]K]GBCG51

(\\_O0S8!^YQT]\?3F@#4 P /2E

M'K[


6Y5610X82[1@%BP)SCC((/3TJ%-!C3RL7UV?+NFNAGR_OMG/\/3YF_/


'( )QR

M/! HO=4BM)'00S3M$@DE$(!\M3G!.2
]#P




N!N#\*1SW((YQCO0!'%X=M
MXX[6-KFYEBMH7@6-]F&1L9#87/8?E5ZQLOL48C^U7$ZJ
()F!VCTX S]3D^]
M9\/BBRN!&((IY99)#$(XPK?

^3Q

IX(_44P:Y!LCWV]RDDDYM_

MZGC6H6=0MO.5EW"3[9R 3A?FZ\'&[ -


MF=&5AF)SU*\=\GKGK3(M=BGA\R*UN

















?;].@N<;6=?F7^ZPX8?@0158WR?:;ZXFE:.UT\[!PVP,2?7A@ /K[8
M- Q*TZRL22HPH[#U/U_SZU5LM+AL[AYHWE8LJJY&(P6W$# ]3GG-5[3Q!:W

411R=W0Y5BN/J1COBGIK4
L$;Q03R32
ZBW 4290X?JV.#WS

LVBN)X1:NTBJFTAF;





ML
@!3[J]






M



MMYDK


MT0V_V:)[GS+6SD
EM'LPR\$ 
V?F #'' ]\U!'X?N(EM!'J 46D
D
0\C(*M
MC&[GG&T=







 D
W'7FM=U80LL)5&VX0LN0#VXR
CVR*I/JED\

[2V
 _4\T
M .TRSFLM.2UEN%E9!M61(]G';C)YK*E\-3R6T\?V^


*U'U:S21T+N64

M\@&

L6/-7+6YCN[=9X=^QNF]&0_DP!K
GU618);N
M


ELEM@(X &?O@=N1Q^%(VJ7

M


/PZ_E44VG;Y=0M7$@M]


@+8
MP#R.<U';ZSI]T\2V]R)/.++&RJ=K$=1NQC/!.



MO[8LTGV]RR+! 5/M SD9QRH.3W]:T/[9L-DSF9E$(4L&B=3@GD C+ G@8S


M88BT&61
/3MSFMD7UN;EK<.?


ML

M444 %9FH6
_V^'4K((US#&T1BD.T2H2#C/8Y'!YK3HH Y58&UY+XW+):ZC-:
MM;I:OG
PU8W=U=Q2VL3W$42&-2W&TDG#XXR&;G;Z=

ME% '.II&H13VI7[




MBFBT^+[4=URX#RG&

M\3[)(Y!AD; .#VZ$=*L.Q5&95+D D*
9/MS0!S]UI6IRF_\ +CL\7%W%.FZ=

M6BCD*@
^T\83!&5'/'7IQRS2=)O;
Z8TIM\VML]O)M9CD$J01P/[OX9[UHV]
M^9]2NK
P





N
5H#D5%=3?9K:

^G
O]GZ




M/'=6\4\+;HY5#J?4$9% &4FA?9K3=;B 78G6X!V[(]P&W: 
[1MRO?KGFF7=


M^4-NP.W/KC_]9ZT 8MMIFH+!IPE%LLEG.SG;(S!E96&?NCD;NGMUJ.WT&2U@

=E(*X!S@'T_7M6U35+DMO50
_+@YR/?CB@#




M&5%#




MR;6#


PO#';8,LJAH7^]

M;F@VC:DD-PL7V9S+?1W0\R=R1MV$@MM/=


2$:OJMW-:7'R2!X


E3C(]N*=0!QNE




MJ2K=3&/:#(4QN+' 89Z$9X_*FQV(BT+49(TU(W
UH\4D#VP 
A&
_*@WG)^]

;[+!J6H303VUR8+BQ16
L
M


M4!&8$\D8POU_^M4&H7L6G6
MW.'








KQ@'E#QTY]Z[


/UKL:* .)AM'NH+6&\BU*S3S8T6FXQMYA*':R$@;H#



1


M8
R-0$*$'!'HP./8CWKHJ@6&&9YR6WN07D) S@8&3@9XX&* )@     !T
M I:** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** ,/Q7/#%I\2W*V[/=0[6+*

M@#!#8YXY.:ZFFEP'5
-E@2

C%E=VF+CACCC.



M!&


NL18[[3$5)F\N6,8DAD*GIU#K=
E4


MKO046XB+_P!ELFT.





-M(Q$OF
JLQ$CJ.WR$'C@9









Q
XW$IGIMR=V/H:M65O)'J$FG22W;+#-]J65KB0ED(
MPJDY[-D8Z87GDUOU!;VWD%V:5YI'ZO)C.!G X &!D_G0!3UV:**WA$TLT:R3





M')ZUNV.G+97%U
MQ-*;F3S&63;A3C'& .P YSTJ[0!Q=CJDP@TV6&]:YN[BP


MM;R%I_*:3SG(C


A.


M3$DY2




M 89U7:&(ZG&3CZ5@_P!IW

MHO9+5WV*!

M[70-96K6Z6[6T)A3&V
QC:N.F!T&*8VG6+2+(UE;ET)*L8ER
V/;%07.JZA!97S0W[2%;-;B*::!%R<G.U
M1V('&[)'O72Q:?90K&L5G;QB(EDQ*-A/!(XXS3#I6G&

M4L\4LD*!-RL
; 
$C![Y[8/6DO\ 4M2M;)I8+P2M)8-=;FB4B)EV]
8X;)ZY

MC:3K$LUK!(L6/+#Q@A




M

M[1(HYQG/3.3W&/?7\3?\BWJ7_7N_\JM_8+/[0;C[)!YY8






$].:=-:V]PR-/!%*8

8G32A^Y%/-%'@<!%D95'X  ?A5E;&&

ZNZW:EK



MC*6EO# A.2L2!03ZX% &/JVHSVU^A@NY&5;B&*6(1IY:!R =S'G.#D8/'&1B

M:B;1]

&TZT8

M'3H.F:6_O6N[!)+K*-=3V\C*JXEHQ#=.N..
@\5K?V5IQ65?L%KMF(:4


=\_IQCG.Z^
MFV#RB5[*V:0 J'
2D@'.1G'N?S-.AL;. 1B&U@C$6?+V1@;


MS0Q7$313QI+&PPR.H(/U!ICV=J]PEP]MTT8PDA0%E^AZB@:EHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH Q_$QV6$





M?=I?V$%W']R:


&






9XW4C
3
M$8.W(Z')ZYZU;M+5+2(HK
[

M9)6#9()Y&!UQR

M18;[[5ON+B



M


M+;?90



MS
[REHF
MQL0X^7CG& #S[D_TH KW=[-'=+:VENL\YC


1[-$9A)'






RM;_:%+JK+D


0R1VH
M:R#NC3^;AE*$@DH1TR.#GVJ&+6Y'^SNUD?*NXC):E)06?[MK @!21TY(XZ
MBK4&F)!*YCGF$




M%=BJMG &U2

TVR73K&*T2:65(EH
M9-N0!T' %-@L3!?SW?VJ=_. !B;9L&.F




4V/0HDTV6R:ZN7227SM[%-RONWY&% ^\
\
M@T 


E




M'H-M$L(BFGC




36V5^7/
M7+'(.3_C0!//J2Q!%6UN)9V5F$!=XG!/) [COSVS3)]7C@

I

MHDM]/YDEXI \ME#1%MC(P;*_-@ ]#QGW[4 2Z

M


-A@#D=


M

9S0-%@1
MK(1.RQ6L7DF/KYB\$ _0J#^?K5;^P94T:'3X;U08IDD\R2'=D(P*+@
.@51G


+1QOA&(RQ(7



L


ML14J5&.NXY_*JNHZ))?7?G-=J%66*6(-%N











MV2LZQLZ91R!A2-V3U'(!'O4'_.OY5PHNHU:;RFRD&!OC8


 X'&#0!&NO6[LFVWNBKS- '
6!Y@SQ




!=R!3ALC/.#Q@9JY=7
5I;M
M/










$C
@52!N&

\=\$%S$([




=Z#8&Z$@D$_@#[T'2+LL3]NB.;3[
M




M((G0R#]Q(2$'\1&W(7W(Q3HM:L)IO)CE=I
*641/E 1D%N/E_'%85XR@VMNC
M6]C_ *-Y)CDNO*\Q


))E$!57#V\BD




M[?5[&YDB2&8L9E+H2C!6QU&2



1ALG'0'CG]* '6&K6T]LNZ?]XD2R,R%001]X'&
M

M9IO)\J2W=MHE .1ANS#GKQS6?;PMJT-_.SI%J
\:+]F?*^0%)(5LC)RV?F Q




\TA)E;
!MR3UX'/YT[^V]/Q%B<LT
MN[9&L;




MH54@ \Y;&3U/Y5JQ7
4T\T*;]\) ?*

M9)CNW;0 !D#YOD!&
.T
MMI[2*-[=Y@9H68@J5&,AQQ\WX8IEEXCM);.6Y)BDD&2J(SJHW%0VX# 4D<$
MXS3K[2VOM;MY[BTL[BSCA:
K



;LXYZ=

7





DZ
M&/

MUBTEO=/


M@X/-6I YC81
JN0=K


CY3UQZ^U
T:W59+F:*42VK.?LQ!R K89L




YMI

MJS[:_GNYF
%JK6P=H_-


M^ZBD74BY6DB93S02 O(D8STH [&BN8:VOHKC48[)9)XYG29X6C=')^4%
M_NN/3NHQ4KQ6 TZ=K?29_G
8FA

B D'J5 ^?&23@'=C!S0!K7E]]DNK.$PL

OY^QQU


PR0/S-9MIKD5PUMYEI<VRW1Q\H3#G!./E8X



=.OQ!IMQEQ9A5BAAE!\P,?
MO'JQY&3CGW'-:[Z;91ZS:746F[87M9-SQ6Y5@Y*$$X 8-C=[]1UH Z%Q4;P


MCIP


#@

3@$^



M=M&BM]\]MY4\*T#,@!9(R0/8]?RIOBE4-G9NX=@E[ =JD\_..
#K0!MT5Q

M36U_MEE;RLKN0\ANW/RX'J6-9XCD$UXAM;J2R_M'S)HWA=O
B
8' (^9=XZ#




KQR]@=S






K-<N
MMY?0I=P6=W'JABMI&BF509(G&
(^.3^!^7D52GN3;Z?]H7Q)(Y+B$%49EV

[N

M32$X!/I7



#8E&W$#=LX+X
MZ$
%&?6@#JJ*Y&T:YFTZ::+7$=I$7S(R)%
;[AN#
78QY&5X QG('%;VBW'V
MO35DPR_

S6JC4)Y[Y;N5)(VE+;H@[ ED'
M& 


MWPR+/.X@MM24[S.TGEQ&



E5F4A?EP.O/KSTJS6-K9A2_L



B^6XS\P(QGCD=Z -

M9D=UC*-&VU22QW?-C!))SQUJIIU\LES96ESJ5S&A6Z$B2S


M+RQLA?7LBHUD&CD24KYLPR&4D=2



K+U7HF 3Z'') H VK76+6[EM8XA+FY@
\99

MNDTKJ\:RA-XV-C/?K@#GJ?7% &Y2;@&DC)Y ]:Y&RU..YM[5;N_9;#]^C7

M)+R..^AM&5_
E5F4A?EP.O/KSTI+[3[?4(T2Y60JCAUV2LF&'0_*1TJAK9A2

M9@X;.?2@#L**I7'G?V
P%R%G


?O#=C[W(.10!T4EY''?0VC*_F2JS*0ORX'7GUYZ5.S$

MRVP:Y4
8]O3!/.X'TJH-2O&'VQ)F.+W[*UGM7&W?MSG&[=CYNN
=N] '0T54
MU24PV+L+C[



'&!^5BTOM4O-0EGCDMUM(+AX9(3*
E0


MXH ZVFAP79

WVHV<DMO%=B41RV^)Y




XYK);4M2O[D



M]A52 PZCY5[#=/+;$?)& -C$$_-TW9_'''3O618ZA?L]@]Q=3SKR:V=%CJ

\'C ([9ZB@#=NKRWL_


M\]: -JPN+3F&&Y
\Q19G9A\[ CAB  .0!Q@=.E748.BL


\M+*&WNBSW5_/&'
MF94VD

@!?8B@#I*

D@9P*YRY_M-#IR7U\(V-Z5+0NK93RV8;B4

KH'1@RL
@@Y



[OD'3 YZ4 =
M)17)RZK?PVE\T5\TI2R%S#+- J@G+9VJ






MG[I[BJB:GJDE^T
%FL\4$HAF=0J@G )89DRN
]-IX[T ;
T
5Q$T4\:2QL

\8+8!R!GZ\TOV.V^U?:OL\/VC&WS=@WX],]:
MS+_5;F)M0DM18].7=

MB#_%\QX&!Q0!HIIUC'%+%'9VZQS?ZQ5B4!_J

TLT%O;%I
QR.B+EL



*[0?7&



M

MK@8X]\U:BOKV]F(M!;HL21LXE#$N6&2 0?EP

#C@EN1QQ]:I171U*;0;V:)!/\ :IXRP0KT20'@\C.T'!H USHFDE A
MTRRV DA?LZ8!.







M!JE_




MM9)4@$\7[MCD X*$;NO3!R

M I8^Y'6L'SM1T;2 #);(Z^=


MV)N&M(VNRAF89;8A4#VP2?YT 1G2M.
9C.GVI0\%?)7'7/3'KS0-*TY2Q6PM
4A^7^IS]X<UU&D

MU '1T4E+0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!5O-/M[V2![A7+0/OCV





M18I9P6HB8PV[!XE


^.V3].M &D-+M!<R7QLDDO+[9&56/J
M5!QGWQFF)H]E':1VJQR**3S$_?/N1O4-G(ZGOW/K5N DP1DG)*CG\*J3:HL

T +'I%C%Y?EP%?+=I%(=N&;D]_7MTJ



WVBUNX1'T
MX+QCYT4@$@ DC&1U J1=:M\S6.:'RHTE^=1\ZL2%( )/)!&#@T -;P]ICP^
M4T#E/+





MT^
AP?:I)
M_$UE:-$EYF&1E5I%9XP8\],C=D_\!S[T 6CHE@9993'+YDLHF9O/DSO P/F
MXX..



MD\W='-^]E$SXN91EQT/WN





^%'.
9!/I0!T']GVWEW
80JMR2

?K4)T6P

M=$DQ8*%54;HV6(SWZ9/!JW87RW\ FCBD1&4

U!%K\$XB
5M=


M+QS1121&6&5U&V50

%CC)3+DYQ@[MO09Z_KQ0
M!-=:?;7DBO.C

2+*R
DS.P*CH
$X_P#U



R/;7$L



]* (Y=(LIEE62-V65#&P\U\;3U




MG2XN3!*J

/F R/4@^V*;+JOF:S9PV\X^SMY@E!B(#;5S
MD
?O_ .TWZ=<<NN=#N)XIXQ?*BW4 BN!Y&0QX#+\WR\=CFBRU18+


PF\S]T8SO <DD;\].3VS[TK:;=RZ9)9W%
M\DF4QR+!M(QC!;YN3QVQWJ$WL]WK\UE!/+;K;+&_P#Q[DK)DMN#$C@8 P01

\4C V^4!


^_:G:-JT=Q;0
M1W

CU&0
CW'% %&71'

M!=2

MNTYQ^XDR0




MC6X$DC2SS&9;)S&ADYPV&/?/\0[5H)HCQRVQ2Y7RXA*95:(EI6D.6.=W'/3@

M3#D
0
-W3WI[ZSI\7F^;<+

=&!/R!5P0
&W^S744 AD$IWPF3<1T'WA@=:+2RNH-2NKF6YADCGQ^[6$J5QP/FW'/'7
MC\J$UJPE&8IFD!B,J[(V.]1UV\?,1D<#GFFVFM6MU9V]QB6,3IOM$V5&
Y/
E+-:_:M2M,M*9;0GSI/***ZD9@G@_
M%/!.-N#267B&TFM+62X8PRSHK%0C
J[CM&6 P 2.

M$GDQ.X4J
D%@
#\30!:U&WN+JT:&VGCA+'#


MGMO
@;:73*&2
\9'&5.#^'% $&IV(UV,+$J?X9HO
4GZ9!_(BL^;P\\D
L


N+3+Z'4&NDOXFS;K!B2V)/RY(8D





D*.64!879LK][*@9&.^1Q0 V/3KA=8E

=





D9(





R9C!SMBVO)D$8



M ^4



MVEAY;9.[A=HQ\V3P






8E+WMLHAV^9F51LSTSSQGM0!BI

ME_U:

M]VQM@!;' )P
U0L]4C;2(+V_E@MO
&6+.%4'TR: 

M)%
2RJ%)PR

MZMXWC1[B)6E_U89P_?CUI4N8))9(DGC:2/[Z!P2OU':@KI-G/9)<1RF,H]
MQ)+&5)SAF+<^AYQ^'OQ3N](N97U"-HC:ZCS(SL0\1VA3M&&X ZD8]ZTEU&

&![@YH SK2TNX=;N[ET@^S311QJ1*2




G'7CVI









M8-:BG^SI]O!\MD=FQF

GK[5%)J5C%;QW$M[;)#)]

M*6XFDD6.9@2KDD?-MR
9/ QGU'2MI+NVD$I2XB81'$A#@[#[^E
2_LY(5F2[

M:3=)Y=O*T/V6*Z:X5U)+OEF8 C&%P6ZY.0.V:30]$_LO:C6EAF(%4NHTQ+(O







M[:01QR374

MVU@^

%HT

\)5SF5MK ;OE^4?-VS

OF#8



MJ

#L+87%M=2W$:B5BCB3=E2=H(QOZX/2GC2;U;ZTN56W)%T]S.IE8!2R;












LR NNQB.5SG%
M5[V]2S$8


O+2\EU%62R7R8KE91L\L4;


=9B9-JQ7



MIC//7-:;
2.-P*Y'U-

PSGJV1U7K_=^E=#



QY]ZAM8KM
M8IO-LM]T]J(H4ECB.J]B%D.3\W4[1]*VKW4[2TF2VN!
7E4[52VDD##N/E4

N 0?K0!C_ -G:BT=V[0.S27L%R [(&8+Y

Q'8U)0!DW
M\,[:[876;S0P0S!G4IPS;<<$@_PG\Q[UDVND70M-.6\L;ET2U^S31177ELA

B&
)E?FQD$9PV.OKTZ6F32B&%Y6#%
Z\MRLC JV0RCC&
9Z'\*T+#3S


MQ7L
 A*EXVC/LX)^[P#E3GGI74TUF51EB 
@



AC^8!V*9RI W?*




M:SS$0R0SMGW>%,A9F//3!))XP:AM-0N#%I=S-
=

&Y9GE$8(;?A@P;;G9R&XR?2
MNKI'=41G=@JJ



%I$9;F:.&

M_
U':ZA97K


LQ_SS5B@#A]

M)).=X&'4

]K9/'J






?(/7D$?F* 




7!







M8WEN=$FNY]1N9S]J:%I%N]HV^8=N3D*@(QR





M
Z-W$8%F61@H9<DC!V@#!QD<=C6@8(3
M*93$AD*[Y49*^F?3VIMM:6UG'Y=K;Q0(3G;$@4?D* *.N&5?L!@6-Y?M:[5

L8;;]

M6XM'DD


C!Y!
M&#[D&@!=/\UH#++


M2!03ZX%5VT_2B_V=K.R+

YZY-3Z5<74\_P!EGNY&GLW<7/RH-^?N=%X!4YXQTQS6I]DMUCB6



M2




9/7)

#T/7'/

MR'+QB)=K'W&

-Y;!+=0J8CFP



N&F6


21&T@

+CI@8XH G^^F58C

MVC:
-;/9E%PJ[RN0<;MP #'G&
\5%;WVI/]D
EZI:6^EM'

I8
\


ML4M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% &)XJABETZ R6RW)6[@VQE5
M);
B@@9XY''/'-5[:*[TX7

MG#%FY8F
(;8XT*!Q@ 8JNFEVB:?)8


O ]* (I;J_CFM[$M;[F$CB78QCVKC^'<#D[AQG

M_

/8YH SH-9N;FZD95ABM8






6)&

ICB
*E;B080]1][Z?D/0
1<K_&=N2ZXZ=<-]*U]0FEAM@\4D$+%@-TP+ 9]
M 

MSLP53U502=H/H

G;G

MG\: 







[*X;@G(GCT/^%^ZTVTNY5EFC8N!MRKLNY?[K8(W#V.11#IUM!?2WD:N)
MI5.?
8J0.@VYP





MC:1M+%BJNW3:1C=SQTJ^=(L6


M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

M$M$B

M&AJ5S+;1JT4L*L_RQHZ$[VY/7(P


MXAB

NXIVO89DB6:.-

M/L&G:PCDN
F5QO*X (SR%_


2!F /. #W'!/6K\CRQ@%W0 X'$;-S^!JMY#F]

?7FM&TA


MI$C%Q/)YQ3  (WYZ9/N* -&W
. <CIC
MI6E:RR-83NK^80[@
9

M8F?S&P2X((W$@ DCG&*I6]C=1FU26)W4P;9%5PJ@KL\]_XC^)K0@$RV8%PD
MK2[W(57YQN.WG/ICO0!EIJ+ARGG%O*R4)DCY+9Z_O,'';K[\U;UX9VTLV\_







RP\%60J8S
ML#8Y]B#^-36QN?/F6XC78




K(4*DJ7'MZ''O
M5VP4B L\'D2
QWKNW9(XSGOG%419W8T**VD56E0Q *AX 5E[_0$T 7IY2T#N

MK ^\AF


M\G@]/7VJO/921Q7&VW:4I\\1C8 N3&4P03C@8^M #I;PP0V8:X*!XB\A*[B%
5Q


MVEE

MMVAADT^ZW+D&59E

M@ HHHH :[A$+-G ] 2?R%0?;K?SHXBSAY0@,;#.!GTI]U.MM;O,X)] .I)


M/YU7M;)U




ZP[(WMP[HD8SG)XX')QV


P*F3*4Y#


E5(+?@*SM(AG


M(H7F6==L:K@J60


O X%4B8VTJXD N?)^=G;%B5)R<GO\O'T%
M &U5=;M&X1]S2&/;CD$=<^W'6F1VS+:^4[-=*QSBX(X'IP.?QK)BMHV6S;[







W$8VCWST_P#K&G375O!D33(A R=S8XK%
MM[$+)91O96QD^QMN5^C

M9%#JP+$YX Y^7')_.@#0MKF*Z5VB+$(Q0[D*\CKU%1RW]O%(D9E0LS%3AQ\N

M&!!48['TJ0.DK21X!V$!@1[ _P!:SVBC:[N;E0JQPQA 0HY(R6[?0?@: +XN


MS(N1C/4?UH U))!&NXACSCY5+']*C6Y5G51'-\QQDQL /KFF3VI^R/':GRY



^] &C)





 KO _O#N1^=:NEY%JR
S


']*GHH @BM8X?

6Y2^

9Z4?9(-VYT\QO60EL

M((-NA!Z@U;HH B6WB7RPJ +&
]I#)<1SNF9(\[3DXSC&<=:GHH


M&84




5X]..Q[CO5FB@!CQATV[F4?[)Q4#

MH(!5R.O7\??K0UI RQJ8P/+8


QB)PN_:K9


DG\!P/UH


M B0HH&6_B/J?QYJQ10!E1Z8\HA^T!4
8Y*-G)W!\#CID#GOCI5F*VF$$T3LJ
3V)Y..QH O3ZC8VRJUQ





+31\O&'!9?J.U-L%G2P@2Y


@D#C/


\D\CK3-7L+NYM=8B%AYQNXT

MV(=%7N7!&



3
M+G)/S8*G/;)X'% &\US LRPM-&)6&X(6&XC.
XI$NK=S($GB8Q$AP'!V8ZY]
M.HK$BTZ_LWL4A

\CFH;G3-2FCN;:%9$@*!E66


M^P[4 4[K5MFL65E;R6T@DD9)QOS)'\C


M=+9E4S*F[RV)9


B


MH5F

MK!6GB:


M
.^Q=Q!/+8.!QZ&H8GN[GR8I;&2W$;*SN\B%3C^[M))YQU XJ2_1KN!H9=.%


M -JZ3/9B3RVD *OZ

M[8-$7660([ X$:D@!C_P(J/Q]JHWJ:EJ




9-O !V_
0H)';%6]7MYIH(I;5 ]Q;RK+&I.

JR&: !I8=K#+NX&\8)X^8$\\?/[5F1Z5J+V5E:RDMV739


;


=.OYU!JNG7#9MK*Q1;=4BV-$(QNV/G:2QSP.F!W/(H U+O5].L

M%C]G-[N
.63:Q





DJY4A@HDXR2H)/'?J:6\C\RPFC:'[06C
M(

M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %5+B\

XQU-






ML48 ZC&WI@=1^ !K++&TSQ*P



DC2

M-';PO-
X2.-2S


\FF\5=VZ6)-

;X5HA_$0#^77\*P1#?K:7]M837LUN(AY7VA


M;[-)#J$4Q^W3&
A95VMSOQAP3MP

$1D90)%8G !Z

$!FEAGU&2XD19'F

M

M!SC^1KCUMFC0PR64_DC4TD1(;:01B




M[9

M &3P



M98Q

*]B=_[0F6)QYR;6SA@/GR=NT#)'M0!OWE]]DNK.$PLX
MNI#'O! $*6Y[\@'\JL$3F<11B9EVF3:-Q'IGKBN4LK$+HFCSR6$OF13*U
MX# WF$!''S#&YAEO?K6YH=NUO;S@(T5N\S-;Q

&-
#C';G)QVS0 EQK0MYK
MA7L+PQVV#+*H0J%_O8W;B/PS6E&ZR1JZ$
K $$=Q6#):_P!HZQ?PO-?P0NB*

MEEE2&

93'Y@(QN&X_+V_K5YM*@A





G )/Y#K7.0:



MK@OL[;4XK9#





M

R@'*G!RI';/'K^%.KGWM[\R7*F]:V,X9%2Z




TDJ1.&:%MD@'\)P#C\B*EK)T6RO+.YU W3Q




M+
C( !NY.20.N
 $T =!17-3Z\8$D\JZTX
IN
@C&60@C^+J1U_/VJ6#79
M[F_FAC%NL0B+QL\B#L

M\704 =+17._V]=?;+6%D@B66


M9KK87B2


MYSE2_F1[7^;& ?


@

M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *

MJ5R]X+6?4]1-S#JH1D2-3;Q7A\!@?NC!Z]3Q^% &[%J$4\-K- KR176CK@

9QWJGI4
MOJ\R^5OBD
M#R&9H&C=26!LWW7]B.0!@T :27A;5)+(PLNR(20D8;)(X'X=ZMUS^J_:I-



:LJ@*N5\S:2O(((+ '/O0!U5%86E0RV^KS+Y6^*0/(9F@:-U)8$*S


M;
H5;CAL8&1D=* .PHK

MQU(.


DNF20W$BP.'W_+C

+0F.5HRK$$_


MVWVYGFVVQ)9F 0KJ0XW#D 'L?2N@TVW6TTQ(8VN)44';YPN1UQ@ 8]A@8H
M NT5Q$ULXL+_ 
C3KF!;BR 6*&&4
)0QQN/5FR1DXY]QDU:E247-ZMC:W2Q2
M0VS./(=/




M9XK5PEGJWI&6:*,P* !D@9*\#^E '6




 1CK_$*YJQM;=1IGFV%V27FCF



M$:*/3F



IQ5FQO(K^V$\&[;N92&&K X((^HK&U

MHYP-Q8'&Z


0R

K0
AB(5

X^W)

M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 R6-9HFC8L%88)1BI_ CD?A1%&D
82

M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444

=* +5%4-$G-QI4


[?#D8((YX(('^<4 =!445Q%,\J1.&:)MC@?PG ./R(_.LG2]/N+
M8[KSS&D,;!KAKEF*Y.=H!_A'8GTKL<W9U.YFM));:.Z


M@V^6  I(XX(&?QKG;*5I#=JL AADU&+!2#:&4O,!@V5R#C'\1_  [RH([V



.QQ_

MGKUH [F::.WC\R9U1
A=S' R2 /U(H$\1G: 2*954

W%9^E)<27S6D-X]H\T0=C'&!MOM &X$Y(WD?
M6@#LZ*0=*6@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ JZ@DG0+%=36Q!SNB$GV^92*GHH KPVBVZ1I[Q
MHC





MO\ :
B%M^







D\#-


CM\@!)!4\D]
(KTMI+7BVTB:BC-M@C97BVC/3+;A^5:U

5NL6/



YNI'3B

Z^=Y!_P!'DR']-O'N3P*AU+3)[K6M+U
M%XQ]C

5+QDX
M+$@'@D$]#4NOZ??7\]@UHEN5M;A9V\V5E+$9^7A3Z]?TJH=#O[:#4[*R-L;&
E<_J,$NG&ULIK:&60V26\VR^6'S0?

M[!0[&:$S;U1BH7C!R!TZ\]!BK-CJ-MJ 8VKNP4 Y:-E!!S@@D#(X/(XK*LM%





'V-4I_$T M

^5]CD$7F30R%-W .=H]3C'7\ZI6WA_58I;=V%GB/4'O&Q
W1OX1\GUI]

9

M!;6)9)'6!V'//8'C&/\ (J[:ZC;7?D^0TCB:/S4;RG *^N2
#Z'FLV*T?3-0
MO]5O'A6UEMX_- W


D1D8PY_ACR2H'MR?SH CE

G'N*9K.I7^FV\
@6W.ZYCB)*D[E;@D


M



I]0:J:E=6XTR^)GB BC97.\?(=O0^AY'YT[29HY]*M)(9
M$D0Q* R'(R!@_J* +E%%% $X!)SQZ#-49=5BCN$CV2[=I9V,3C8.W&.Y_D:
MO-G:=H!/8$XK!F(6SO6EO )FD8,/E&0#P,') % &PEU$R2.=Z)&,LTB,@QZ\
M@5&]]$MW%'C*NCL6WCC!7C_ 

C ^Z.E12)=

ZE\Y01.7 !*A)
M


?XU2RATRQ!4EG



[KULQ9^8C!]^E6H_-_MBT5Y4DV6\





?K^E6(I$FC62)
M@Z



M)SA

4R!?LDP!




MEF+REF8
QW=2



MK*.#UP

MX]:S[6
B^@!\W8RM)(3YJ@
-N
Y;![_E3-T;W-S TJ9:^7

MOX[E%)*HSEMB[LEE!X/XC!_&E-WB[DB\MBD:@LZ@GYC_  X ].?Q%55\P:G:
M1-*CE$F)V]@&4+GWP13K2U*7=X(Y61F=6=@!EB5'/(- %FTN_M:[TAD6(J&2


[JJ.-AP2V
9].M354T\8^
MT =ICT^@JW0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110


M-X #H

MH_\ H5?H 9Y:!578N%.5&.GTI(X8HL^5&B9.3M4#)KF+^\=;:[E'N=]R(G
M
N7B*A]I [=



CJN2PY8?+TQ@#\?6KUF[R6

UT+F6SMWN%QB5HP6&.G/6





?4_E0D$
88
M)$BAA@[5 S5/3I3+9/M@1MLCY%4#'0@GCWK-L+I93N3='+)/C+.6=H]^!C




DC\\?A0!;:&)C&3&I
1


9YFT;\8W8YH\J


MA3%*P'.4?;_44 3TQT1P!(JL

M2A1L+
70[QA9-N1R.@(H O?9H
$R0/;M]:S;6[D-[J
M'F2JJK/DE8RN\*B!B#GC'/'XT ;1LK5HDB-M8T8,J[!A2#D$I71'4JZJRM




$5NFR&-8U))PHP
GK4E%% !1110 444




':C.N&8 X('



;.S
M?*3SN8L0?;G%(+(LA5VQ^_

M(PW$39SG'Y58ENH86(D?:0
G(- 7,3/:2H@4R&-E7/J1ZU6FLI;0)@K&ZL
MY:1N

=C^
M= $US;_:61)

7V@$@= V1GU.
#\*EMK]Y
M[H1(;K.)
_P@@+Q[Y/_?-

M]T5R)


!CFF6U^\Y1!&KMG;(R,=JG'.,CG!XH D%NPD=_+7<^,GS6'
M08':G6UJL=O'$Z*%BX10Q8 #IU[TR[N)H;BWC01$3OL&XD$?*3G]/UI;[-T





M
6VR!MK$;0
'M@@_B#44&I230V3(JNTJ[Y@BYVC;G YX.2/R-6UNP\


M(2



3@$X[9XH 6QM9;
&V#(UH@Q%V=1_=/J!Z

-S]: )C9C[2D@ *_/YF[DL2 /
MZ5$+%UU*.5!&D+(?E)W%G()_E3[2],H03(5:5V\OG&T9()_ ?K3'OV^VK

#DA=BK@#UX-/L;66S!M@R-:(
1

MG/OC]: +EI!) )%DF




NZUSY(/


V\1R1OL.'VD'!]Z 
[5



_M[UO*DB(Q60R
0-JO@ '





SD@[@/08'ZTW39$^
MTR^?&L-_(.8B



MMI=9%W ],]SS^%&F;FMS9.R@6\:Q.F'!QU]


#K?2!]


)(YI7(?=@


M

M**S[273RT7J[[AC\!U_7M5XW%OY)F
T7EH3E]PP



YQMQV]S5V.1)4

M?
)RS?O^#FMY'61 Z

MD]:T*08Z#'''':EH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH :[;4+8)P,X'4US#RW1L[I)B[DNVDV_Q$




J ;26.  O(Z9JLDWD6*O
)&D:/


[2NW_2/NGITQ^%;=U:K.A


^WR@
M



$\8Z]ZFG@$Q!?YE7D1G[I
M/8GUH QUG=O
F60^8VX;P%^ZLQ4#IZ$U9U-5=]Z




9)/\ ;;.[\L_X4 0V

?FZGAN


MUG-''A BB:
N%49P!AE]3US0!9MW\ZR:1L%&S\K@(% X(XSZ$U3%NI+*]Q&\
M;1)$P:?+

M 9MU.;BQL


= WWF)/ QZT %IYUQI%M()F




Y-W-=R11-\D,(5D*[3YTB@@'IP5-:.JF1;0A0QNH4LC
JIDXW8S[

MT2





M;RXB8GIM4RA1T[8&/I6WY$C7
4KR*1&&& N
YQ[^U5K72OL[QL;EW3RSAH

MX^YW?AP*O0VTB7DL\LPDW*$1=F-HZG)[\_2FK:2Q)=^3
JR3R&125R%^4#!'
M?I0 W2@6MDG6&%)T60+$N#DCOZ]JO5#:P_9K2& -N\I%3/K@8J:@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!KG:C-QP
\UG_V@Q$FU

RLLH7)QNZOD]^O

M9##Y?KQ]*T+DMY#!$+LWR@#MGC)]JQ;F(Q3VQDCG4Q

M!J1W4IL%N&1%/)82.5  SSG;_2JPOKN-/M4D48@D VQM(=RGG)^[GD#IC(_E







^0JY(!.!D^HX]Z?=MYD3P1HSR


MB?:JUC)+:%;:Z@E

[M


?IBJDM[.T\C1S11Q+$&&3Q

MS;N

6

M@#''(&:G

'(..M0VUD\J.)+F8JMR7VE5PVU\^GM




MR
-U'F% 2D9<<_W6Z'V





]+C_OV/_B:H/%*;#3

M30WLUQ

;8V[OE/:JZ1^18--
M+;SB17FVHJ[FPSG&0


A$08 8^O


0J-D#)')



!I)(YS.?/57*

]Z -Y71L[6
A_0_E5]1S]A:0DQHXW*.2QVD<^O


MN\$@]L9X''04 ;

MU_6LVY2=-7O95AF
;VD2ADVXR#)D?-]1T]:?8+
]Q92-%


MLZ0G.]P6  )X&.OIUI]86G+;FV+2>1O\R0$O6/WV[YJSI8SHH58_,S)( HX
M!_>-U]!0!=^W6OEI(;B-5?E2[;
M

]O;B=+DVCQ1MYF

'+H
M 6'IGI2ET5PA8!F!(!/7%9UG+NU:Z?G9)A$)&
[ 
_JQ_(U+J8V0--N9I$_U








*N%SQP%R#TY[4 ;-,DD2)\C!4



$+JDLT:.YVJK

9FCY.!\PZT


BH9%











MW##3_+W#SR?

M&&*2*
11)&N2$4*



6VXSD[CZT :7D*79R6+L


U6:67S))&DP

!TYHTZ



MR7-O$WFHJ
3R'W-SEAG(X&!Q5RSGE;35N)75F?+@O\@DY7/'IB@26QAD@C



XP3]35.SGN?(


M=N4P 1\^W&


M/-S(-\@8;#-Y:#;GIQZC^+- %@V\1
1*#]SR@]#C'\J=-$LT31NJLK#!##(_



M))9BLENSL'VX)&ST^IIVJO=I:
J
BF1U160D
N6 R.#TZX[XH M0VHBN)I_


*057HW?)]3UY]S2RP*[F16:

M9'0#&


;()+@

M 

M0CJY R0I!J%+V!Q'@MF0

NH 4$/N&T\XQGUH +^#[1:2)@M\



ASD]\S/?103&-E<D





M-/:P7)0SQ+)L.5##(!QCI4U% &?::;;Q[R]K$K8NA#(YR#4]U$URIM\8B;





M[D#I_
TV*VAA.8HU3 P
#H

M-]LTH1CYC(



L)3
M
MF

!BN[!#$@V3OAE')78V??FKKZ?:/,T
MSP(TC,KER,G*XQSVZG?9(?M8N=I\T+M!W' 'TZ9]Z 
RZC*RWA;]X
QR'YR

YVY.

M&
1XC4F/.UF&2


S
6.3CU]@!^ ]*LT 107$=PI:/=@'




M


?*


.-Y&E9%EVZL0.I]Z )**R9@8O$+2QH\
MLGV)B(P_WB&& ,G S^%0?V]<.<M:6[-;21K

MDPZO--=W%J+:(2PWQ8\XX9"=X^7V88]5(S4VEZF-1\PJL:A1A9=S+[
N

H.#G/T






9A(-F[D8V9V\KCM
M_@
!T*WP=D]Q&XG:XC=6&8F;.=O&


I.=H.01UQ0 ^72/-NX[DWUT)(XFB!&S!



M3SB@!)M$$]FMM)J-Z41U=6)0D;2!]WD9 /.3QUI]UIW4\\K7ERAF@\AE39

/;_9FQY?*=_X.M2R:)!*7\V:=_
M?LLF
M6 WKS@G Z_


\=






MNVTMG/


M7- %DZ%'_9DFG\NQ;.GEJNY3Y:?W02O3''.3Z5I01F&%(R[2;% W-C)]S@
M?I67'KA\V9)K*9+G[/ R?O#MS_ 'N. 3SCC &3Q6M&_F1J^UEW#.&&/K0



8P
M#U%




M


[F%00



MT02/8V&5=Q!;=MZ?[7]:LO??:X;J*%9XBBLGG+M^5@#D#DX(]Q]



-,[6XG&(RSNG'S$*.^<]!WXXH K)H,T<9CCO42.*
M?S[11<0=1MY;YEP2




MBI&U.U-I'.DK%9LB/;$S


1T

1U%3G





L3Z?


.! ^
MY& R0RXR#CG&/?IS4T.L6
_V?RY7/VEV2/

M^WQ^;-;/;22M;DLX8]3\W)QGVSV'0VKZT


MXEV
VQ.TKMPOW

3KO#(C.



 *D?0YY@JS
M7J%!:B#]W5;(.0P)8]P.




L[[$! SC.23@ #J23VK
U'78(=+


];$$Z7$7F
M1APN2/G1D/Y$ _C5)M=TU%D:2Z+&F\LZ
JLN0
J2


D#C/44 9?DW#:Q-

MM#+6EQ;-+#+%+

@BB50[CYRP[DY

\'KG&.^* ]L))KR*\M9U@N8T:/+Q[U9202
CN!WJ(Z+&(;2..5D



M
TEL%NVC



MBED8(VU@#@X;&1Z9S38=:L9[M+6*21Y) 2F('VL!U(;&/?.* *
.A7D*VP


M(/S/IST=% '.Q:%=O8):SO @;3Q9R






MNT$GYLXP.F

65]V1CC!&\CJ?7VK=8L
;0#SS


MT*0[922[E0OS';\N.00
\^F*N6^EW]M::4T9MS=6
1A:


MX)['''.T_A./#?E7$
QM[&]S&4E2Y7A279RR':W=VX^G-=)10!B6^EW:MJZR
MK;QQW@Q&-B=N(P@RN!CIG@GT]ZCGTB^NY8EG^SI;&2UE9)&+ OCD KSC:.
MI'7VYWZ* 
&WT/;8M#+IVF1N0 S6^4
F#D'(4%3D9[X]:T]+@N+:Q2*ZE
L@
M)Y+ER!G@;B 6P.


7'9W



M_.KE $01I;7RY@$9TPX1L@$CG!P




:TL-




-*..3P
;
MI
$T!^Q;9SL

&

Y]O:NFHH XVZMBUA
]C97=MFR





D#)P


9UC4*K3??('
M3-27 D:VE$! E*$(3T#8XJ6B@#E[WBW6\G]GSQ*ENZ7ZR0


M8Q0W

%)&3R!ZTM ')VR^7%:*+








LN!C/J5K1L%


G\S3Z
M .+OX?

LMI-



M/RY[G/[MV 1BQ!^7./O 9//7M3]*A2!]+=;6[CE*S1RR/!)N )R S$=
\C/%


M45WMG#S









MMA

ZM8RG5[Z:ULRT\MD@CE1
'(9MX#]F*D#K

M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@IJDEQ%I=U)



MSYT852ZY#?.


J4;:.N1SM& 0
GI
MG%
EO]L.M1+J;

/N\EEW'IW/!-=5TJ&[MA=1!/-DB(8
K

M] &!I]]Y&IW


1Q$A3()PP*Y..01^0J
M9)EBO]/L[C7#/%);S,S)+Y88 @J<Y+=-WS;N=O7K75T4 <=ILZW4^CWLUU(T
MK:=(#()&(\P%.H!P3U)'MSTK4T34$'GPW,R;HF1#+]I,D;LQ/ +<AL]5[9%:
MUW=V]C 9[J58HP0-Q]3T%221K*NUQD9SC.,T /KD1/)]JO434+A[Z/456(R
MGF
^7N&S@%0W...O7KUU4K'3UL)+J07$TGVB3S7$FWMC!Q@#L!U]/K0!B0
M7*2ZTJ1W-RT4IGBE5[@D[@1@!!]S'.
8..3ZU0M)7&E:5;KJ)LX'MSOFE:0J
U;6EBW;7=1EBF=VD$;IB9F4H5'S 9QC/

@\
;3=8FMX[?5XS)#()52WFC8L1Z@@\<]O6



=


MJP[\@FK:.LB!T8








M @D;#
E=3
M4-W=065L]Q=2K%GWG8\#M0!RUAJ



?FI&K[H!O&\_
[%6VD_+QTR!Q

 W$NN2PMJGV5H

=QM
5W
TJ3W3Q@XD; WDG!Z'!X;
8@8<;AV-6Z8(U$ADQ\Q&
M,D]OZ4^@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@O?A
MC8W'ER-$WEL0Z8RIQVS6#IDEX;K3+0:E(8'L?..$3=N!3@G'3#8Z ^Y/-=*0
M



MOYH9@=K1


8'3H


@@Y!%5SIUB2A-G;GRUV)^Z7Y5]!QP/:K#ND2%G9


8G 8$=C@TYK2W9(T:WB*Q'
8







UMU


M=^
?[W'/4]: ,N*;4GFM]-NKV.Y:*1S- %<

Y
MST XJT;6W+LY@B+




C/V%/_0C6M6?''I%




*[1M
F'
AQ[7M)T.VT_3EM98K:=S&(Y)!
M%,JCH&&3GCWJX=.LC:T-G;FV!R(?*78#G/W<8ZT 85MJ&HW5];6TEV(4D%P
MF](UW



MDG:!=H1W&SC&




=PUHZSW)A8QQL
M5V%@0WRD%2

J W









X'!/3K0!D:!?/'IWEPF*.&R1W
MEB:
[W&YB-G( '&

M3[=X6BBD!A#!
SR' 8Y(.6Y!(Z'BI[+3K6P7;;(R+SA2[

M *L


..
M.



!Z4 +I<U[-;L=0MO(E5R!]T;U]<!FQ]
GI3]0FD

GT')/H.

M



Y&1C!()PV



MD']T&5?WC9(8Y8

M

Y[
M[OKGCGCIBEDT#3Y?-\Q)W\Z-8I
W




B6ZQ1:@EH54
M


HRXZ-][@].GH/05!'IET+Z21B$5I2XECO)1WZ&+[O3CK[X


M?P_IKPM$\
C*T8B;
\A)4$D#.[..3^!QTIS:%I[M


MV0



+U)R0/I@G/;-5QHD

M&[N/?=U- #9];6.\N(7M9S;Q6RSM+'@G#9[ Y['M^0YJ:;5X;=




MP%C&J9 YW\\
W;T].;7]DNVHP7TDL)FC!W/'#L9^


#KQQDXX]S6

8I(D96/;)RYPIRA(P?K


M\TK$WCQQK
Z*W0';DD*



8
X6(


.Y_'!HBT]WU;4+&W

M+87*SP
BF&38#\_0\-C'XYI9O$EC;WD=K



U#_:ULOVMD2=GBF$+(WR[GP
!=Q  (

FFPV9N4_=YQ(T1+1Y))
9W94C( Y. !UJ8:1
7U R7%O*EY('




M3S1RM((L+\F



5=
M#[++(TOE-'EE9CDX;/0G/&._6@W=7
5I;M/




MKP

]
Y[^G;GTK0JG;V;


M!Q@_3K61)H%PZ6K2PV-TUL\H$




9&[&



M($



''?!XK
U?3=0O[@A)8_LZM$\:M(5PRN&.0%YR


A%!.


IV;9&#=2#\P(ZXZ''O
M0!M/JUBGE$S[ED 97169 #T)8#Y[9(IAUS30[)]J4[)?)9@55_0MC _'OQ
MUJ@V@*+\R_8-
G@DC52LL7

[#



M?

80


MXQ^- $5MK!BGO+?4&C9[9D426\;$.6!(4(-QW#'(Y[&IQKFG$1;)R[2J62-(








MV M+Q8 D1(A



28DE'
M^UP

M )@YW





@8S[
M59N;;4KF\TVX:*T3[/




Y4
P!( !YP3C
M/4]CTHM]1@MMMM=7K33;]AE


Y!90
8/3@Y&




:.N(3ECCYB

M5QE4+@

O&'!9?J.HK%33+ZT:R$#222(D
4SL4:*14
MZE@WS C)P5YSC-

8Y P/1=QVDYY&T#O0!OP7$%S'O
W$-NI(7=)(%7=Z GZ&L6QL
M;VROM*1X))H[:S:2=67:&)3L6S@;3V]*V;ZV%Y936Y.WS%(##JI[$?0X-
M;ZT4S W4 

M.26'_2_-266.;82%X*AP1CU'/6H)])D2!9=/M;J?YR TZRDE]NX2!V(*G:
M

@VXP 0 W0X/-=+)EH7V*&)4X5N


M*C?(8EB!RN??YOK0!T OK1H'G6Z@


MY(;CTHGLKJ5KL?V4YCETU(%0M%CS 6.

M
*RI;:6.^0V+0F?44FM
ME#1?O O0;L$_(20<<'KGH :=QKD'FV?V.XM;B&6?RIG24-Y?R



D;D8

CJ.*:;B-'?S)X@ 0N






V54;2





MF


M;T4\



M2



TW6;T6^MQ0G4C;K
M)93
4WJ-I&



U&UENIX7B6&2
W
C+N90%(!./O87T&




]ECL8;O4OL221N8IY0XWMO.S)#K\VS:<'(//%6[2*;4M0CO-4DE^SQ1LQ

S'!0
.@-%YJ:+)J<JZJQ^S7L B G 558IO&!P1RXYST/<9H [FLR
MJ

M-I_M


MPBF^S^;Y9$N3U52.P4D'/WO3% '65$\


M5W!UQCLI)'48XH [:HWDP#L4R$



JR-&2





MYZ5F_;[])IY)+L

M;M7 P
8 /3U)J66\MX;F*WDE59I02B=R 











W4DYKFXX[]KW2Q=7
B7AL)FE?:FY6S&2 

M'^M





M@7

M2
;X
?*




MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!DL:31M'*BO&XPRL
@CT(JL-*TX6QMA8
M6H@+;S%Y*[2WKC&



3NLK8^1_JLQ+^[_ -WC
MC\*M44 4QI6G+;M;BPM1 S;C&(5VD^N,8S4DUA9S^7YUI!)Y7^KWQ@[/IGI5
MBB@![2VD


&AE@W[]W7G


$_G5BB@#-T;28]
MU5A!).!AITAV


MCS^YELQ)'DXR0H*X/ YK7HH SXM&T]$4/9VTC*I4


M[/M
E]^?)7[WKTZ^]7:* (8+2VMM_P!GMXH?

M%N&Y811A
_7%6** *ITVP8N6LK8ER2^8E^8D8)/'.13DLK2.&.&.UA6*)MT:
M+& J'U ['DU8HH K6UNZ2R33R))


,$$XY&.*L*JHH50%4#
M  & !3J* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H

Y

3GK@*3^- &Y25F7]R$OEBS*


M*S$[LA)DDW


M)(YTNH@[?NLC@8)ZGGG&

S_
I W8S
MWRN1] : -:DJBDMQ!H_G2G



M'R$%P0.JYZ=\ ]1WQS0!NT4R)D:H69RHQN;J?K3Z BLNR

#()8T;S






\VPAXVR5VDG'Y@6SM9+&
M)H(RK0)CR4.05'H3W'OU^M

C&1C/ ';OZ]ZM=&+

M5

ENWCPY


A\S%

&&3Z?**K2:2R^4(=C;3%N=F(/RMN)QTY]*


MY)0CI]#26-M+!-=RR ?O9 RJKEC@*!U/TI6NI#J#0Q!72*
&11C=N8_+U/'




M[?
2PK



CV-07%_/]J2*WC0JT4CDNP/S*5P.

MN7N(_
$CCY\R


MWMJ'L7AA@BD(^94D. 6!R#G!YS@YHMKMY[R2-D
:I$K;6&&!+.#^'RU!)J9V
1EOR% $Z60&F16LF',<(CZG:Q QR._P-5ETQGM+2


_Y-26]H
M]IN6W?


M-& 1CK@]/S-1W-]&MB\UO+&[%O*0YR/



MNU2,#CT''ZU8N;K[.?F4! A=G9L*N/\D_A52'4I'#)Y:23 G*2



M6MJLHMC)%;I$P

CDG!(\MUZX/]X5H55N[
MIK:.601!Q&N[ ;EO8#]* *UE83P7
+RE&6*)T&#DY)4YZ#T-2264SR22&2
L
M6RH$8&
=
DY)Q[8IXO'\V&






Z\4T4P8
MQ2)(%.T[6!P?2E5X_


MYTIDC\P1


VEB3)Z4[3%@6.


&4C((.0: 


M1TLW\W= 3-(_.


M*NQRO )';Z5


MDC:_@-U







M@QT!YJV\@JD;R&823M'Y;,HX#$AS@9)^4'/O6X[K&NYVKZDX%+0!F7JJFL


/[9%([&-8MT)=P-@W+NSR.<;%'_  *C3IH3<!XB
M)I)%2.9H2D9PQ'0#C.1GZ5I^?#_ 

%/YUKB2,;%#H-_P!P9^]W
MXI] &=IKH9G+NTD[J%W%

DX IGGP_

<\^O/\S0!1M$D73+T



 
042$D



KNN&VJ



M/Q-4K299;B*
W:2:)U?9L##@<\XZ?E4*Z<J.S1N



M53S6!EDF;S-OF21..

M@#.F=QVCH2I^E7-+B
-K(JQA#YKE5(V@\\=A_*F/ITH(




V.#
MC@8/U/IT *H%3(!Q@ GFJ+:?*W#3I@SK

M


M2



MXTEU9M
6

]3P

MN+1XDD D9&3S)%W$*W!QR


QD' ]AWJQ10!EZK;&2!81
M+(WVB54*

]/H15@P%I3*S_.!A..$
M'^--LK9[=)&FD62:5][LJ[1G  P




G\J 
MG5&0^5$Y
@7!Y^\P'XXSP

MNY=TA
GFX#H%)&YMO8'I_P#6I[Z=(\
O[XJLCQR% F3\H3C_ 

M7

RGRCTV


'[PR0/?K5;4;

=_PK
33I(H
M93'$'N!-A62&



M:2SOI)I=TB[8F.V


MWQ2Z;'
FH7?F%V0I'M)# ?Q9QN)]J $FOYH+NX'EDJJ1E5=E !+



\\X[





QZXQ^-4HHDA79';2LIE$:I(LA4
M1
0&X/'3/6KEY%_Q

MZ?2I-1GFB:%(G1/-W*689(XR
9(%48+9S!9RO PE9HRX
*87H3VR*MW^\S*_

:T*RK21S(A2*:5



 V2!F9XR)%









MK?'G2


M=1O(G^CPY*AA]]B

%?#J?EV

M-U;W#LD


M_-ACU!%YCC;&9SE3L)8@8P3E@3TZT ='5:74;6(?-+NZ\(I?IUZ U%B17=


MUQ% 5$C$%@2 %)S@9/2J6)/[
?

=![UEZI&D.




MLH9)&OOF@]!@\=:F@)BU&RB62
WFRF\D95D _/)Q0!IXC
\D(8[XU#-P

[.L




MNAQBJ=S



M8[
 DH0/P)'-4;J!VD=KEW42G8OEL H .5Y/1N
Y]\4_3Q)([7
9*QR%BPD


KA74JIA=!NX^91SQTZ]?H:O




-L9[A;EC-'&ARD?F



#[HJ_0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !


=U)_6I



=_?K2QW:W%N[Q(ZE20PE
M5HROKU'\N*Q'O[I]-MHTG4
T4#9 9G;YADYR.P.?H: -E=/1;&:U
LCK*'!=

2(&4%=V !SG)Z?







M TQ: -
1*X$S;F QC[H7T]%I\
'DA0)7957:%;& /RK/OIYHM$AD5\'$6Z0N



M@Y&?7FH;IV^W6J R?
CDHC8SC;S^']:JPS2M!$[&;)NBA8OQ@2$8Z^@Q0!:7




P=;JX

XWY8-(#GL!G/X9H F^Q)F0EB2Y9AGH
MI(QD?A3H+2*!]Z!@VP(3DX;' )'3/O6=YUY&%NFFC#RMY8@\LG)!/0;L;L Y



MOORQQGYB2?YUB?:;FXL;9X)'RTD)9@^
KO7=_'TQGM6GJ]WY-H#')$N\C!:;
M82

M

QW]&&V
M95&/8UO4 4'TYR(]0O8QC  =6Q^+*3^=757:H7)..Y.33JI7%XT
LJYXC5

MP?YU+/?LMZ8!+M10^]A$25(V$?AA^M %NVLQ!/-
TTDKR8&7Q\JC.%&![GKS


M
LDIM_M!4R3



MR?\ KY( ))  ZDU7N+^W@@:4R*P7'L30 6[W MUQ$//4D80\/@X!'IG]
M*I?V=

N1GV/T--:^B%JEP-
MS*Y0 8P?F( R#TZT 0E99+22*ZL_/
W


MQSSGKVSGFKC7T7F21QJ\C1

M0!0O;4W.FP/3]DD;IMC)7]V P)Q@XZF&TN5:;]T\C+F2-A)M D8-NQ_P!]


U






8WEK$Y
M3<Q'S8')'MG(^H-303I.A= X )'SH5/Y$4 9=Q82S-%/)9S&<%#M#2 C!)R

?KZXJQ+:RW4%LLJF.0*/



S.!R
C
M( Y)]:LQWL



MY

I: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** $/3FL&=Y7M61IP&%M)OW2@_/P5XS[&MUU5T9'4
K#!!Z$5&+:!0BK
M$JJGW5 PH_#I0!G0W*SZ5/=7$TJ+*&F4+]Z%!P
#U&

Z
M2-E.44
&.3GIQBKIT^U
D[^2

M(:S!#(Z&5






M

47[J^81CWX
MW8^E:
)D_L9YF\HL_P Z%D&-O\)/O@K4.G6T( 55'(#
6YSG//4YYY[TO]
MGVWERQA&5)6W
JN0
^P!X]\=: 








%C]XG.?SYJ6.


M15C(@.WYCM!/&=O3..

2P7-[&S3R/']G5)&+L
M-S*

MK&.

5RY '7CC../;)H



SRR.1(R 
V1@'BKE
CB2(
$&-








M[&?:


KG=&0X3Y Q+QJ#CDC&X\5&;R?[#I8^]--Y;9




M9^8DGVID%G(LCJ++RXO-9XX\@+]P(

X&
9SQVS


MK(FGD9MD4]TI$I5F C.0O)QD=QQ^-:]9B64V]V( !FE89/9EP* 'VDWF7#?/

HH

M/83@D;OO'@]NE7*IV-N]M)*'4

DUSEG'Y489GV/#:0

MOFJL


MEDB)5T8#?GKCL.A&/PJ:VN([JWCGA)





M0?QH N6VI)/)M95C&P-DN._;ZT^PO5O(W/R!TD=2JONX#%0?QQFLVP26-FV
MB2/'CGL


M:LCI8
9(P( ^@&2?S[4 21:E&\9+1RAP?
MNJC,2I. W Z'&:6YU*WF$6-SX&1@\9Z#IUJH%D%W.+)U:2*#:,_*V^0?P
M_*I=3E=&(3.4C
@^; !R!TQSUH 2UUA+IX0L3!95![E@3@C(QC&


M$$

MLJHWKSSC'']*H:;;R)JLCJT3+$OE
!\N

ML\@C'?.?P- %B&[AGD


$MUR
U6T:#RM
MM9!)(V;=/DX ^Z/:@QR)+-
D=RC2D
PWQXR  .OT% %Y9XF#$.
+U/856DU&





=0R6W

M!\K!1M_(?YQ4U !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%

_A5:S



U'!YL4URCNZ
MR.5=C%'N.6XZX[  ?A0!J%%)4E02O0XZ4UH(GD\QHT+E=NXCDKZ?2DN91!:R

MBC6.(# 5!@#\JI:D_P#I
/






M^SP$Y






M+;DYP


Z=EVA$=#&[[



MJ/UJQ913(\[S\;V^1?

<R




SX ?(&




MT9$7



N+N1;T6\ B8K$9


898UQC)8Y+'D] /
TEU<

!SL


=ORK1I* 

M9H\'9@D87G-:@  P!@4M &!/B

M$NIPH+2H5)()/R@]@
=
UH4  =!0!B7EM(VHVKSHKR2R.HPV-J^6V ../7/K

Y_&M$  8 P!00#

HV[SM(PGKU)_ #-/U!(VN+&9F(S*1N)QM7RW)^






MCD
V./O


R4
-+R0E)[<!KB) Y1R%. N

M]*=7

KJ]W;I=
;MKA/LJ31RS1*@R6(


,D4 =#<7$5K;O/<2+'%&,LS'@GHZR(KJ<JPR#[5SEO=75



MCJ

92%9ESY1QTQ


M/;12J\UN%
JC^#=G&?R-6*Y6]FGL[K6+FWNV+VUG Y8JA
I!DX;C&#SG 'X5


%
MJLTD#KY@+)@D A3'PW0\L01VH Z*FQN)8UD4

M1SZ@QEBA8Q;XEV3C)Q*

8
M'4@#N.E-DO-5N-4FAM)[9([0QE_

9E\L==N0

Y$
MD





7F7#
!Z(C.??A034R.LB*Z$
K $$



M)=%K9]\+K'M_Y9D

1)C*PJ-A/7''%206EM:

M;5[Z(:E+


MC6:!)8KB!5=8CC8[*



MC&(5VD^N
8S5@PQ
J*T:%4(*@J

%R?89S0

M(/&[W]JU+UKZ+2Y'MV@DO$0L-T9V.1VQNR
_6@!3I6G
5+6%J2JE%)A7A3G(

UVT

EN5F@22U?RFP6)

C3W91'AOG 16SNSZ$\8]L]Z -R.&!)&FCB
MC5W #.JC+ =

).&
M._\ VO\ 9_SW:-3U92EM;6RWDT


@5E4I(Q4';D\@CIGIS[5+=W^J6\MS/L;-!:_:!)M8!SD
MY&W/'3U/K[4 :KV=JXF#VT+?_6@H#YG;YO7\:9_9MAF(_8K;]R









MER :@TRPQ*+*VPG
0$2X0YS\O''/I5NN;DUZZ;3K&X1K6U-Q;&8O.K

MQ&

FG6

0K\_UXYZG\ZR9=9OXI7L?)BF

QMP)H9!(
M%C;Y)UW?+][D'8_'^SUYJ:?4]66[-O;6:W+VZIY^P*H8L
\;I 5_)J -633[
M*:X2XEL[=YH\;)&B4LN.1@XR
<[O08QWH T7TVP=Q))96S.C&0,T
M2DACR6SCKP.?:F6^F:4!'+;6-F IWQO'$O!]00/8?E4&HM=-JUC;QRQWE60




M2ON
@C\Q7
GMZ56?Q!!#'
M.T]K=PMJ.4:
%BK$A3@$XY!ZXQWI3K$RZC]GDTVZ2



 YPI^4D8)XZ^U %RSL;


FP

2Q
M_4U3BUVVN((I;2*:Z

M@^;#9[ [ATZ]L'..#0!?N-+L[FY^T2Q$R%=K8=E#CT8 X8?7--&D60:[/EN?




M

M4JAU.





\CGM4;^(((8YVGM;N%H51RC1@L58



M!Z4Y](LGCC0I)B.3S01

N=8@M7D#13/%#@3S( 5AR ?FYS
MT(/ .





9+V^?+8NQ/.

M'7H9_)\FUNG
\)FA 51Y@&


+B3.
Q&*S[G7;.WMI9AYS^5*L3*(7R&8C'






9&[&
\CC-5++5M
M]YJ#3S

!\PQF&3
M=D#[RD$

C/+

QL%) R0&QM) [9J6UO(+Q2
MT#
0 #\R

MWFH6UCC[0[#()PJ

*3D8R1UH

M*R-N92N_/7H015Y-9T^28Q1W&]A-Y!*HQ4/_ '2V

E]+



MH J:IHLNI$^9=H%
03:T)8*X.=ZC=Q^.3P
$47VC374-_&EXJ]C5&+0[L$#
M:3U'4?E[U875]/*WVU7$LK)'WW
5OCMW9H\'

M7]

^IN^;E5C:







M\\L$.(V*AB
A2V





XSA03WJ*T\1V-SY8V
MW
;2S-#&'MI


'!ZXZ4EYJXFTZ
M6;3IBDD

K 





%4LQ  Y)/:JK:IIZK(S7UL%CVER9EPN[IGGC
M/:@# OY2^K2([VR





MCKS]*V)1

MWENMNWW93*H0_0YQ0!A3:+JDB7K;K=I+N&)&\R=VPREB3G;TY'  _P ;=[HQ
MN=4%[)9V-UYD21R1W(SY9!)RAVG/WCQ@9P.E:DMY;0+NFN88UV[\NX V^OTJ

C1E%#$JO
M(QV!P*R)]$FFBTZ26VLKF6UA
+P3DM&P.WD
5.#\O]WN16HMY'#8_:+NZM5

JY48)Z]* 
K5XHTO%





MJO/XFKB7$$DTD

^IP7
DD+K!.[(#(V/+9&4
G2K&D:=-823*66QB*%96D5<9R1N'R@\?*
@8K3Z53DU6Q2S



C@YX]
M\5LSSPVT1EN)4BC7J\C!0/Q-1-?V:.R/=P*R)YC R %4Z;CST]Z 
:STO4X3
MIWF):8MKJ:9]L['*R;NGR=1O/Y#UXDBTO4(AI28M66RE9G/F


M8(EC)C8LIP



RPBYA

M-Q\Q3O#E
EH)[F=Y5Q


%W

ME11*Q55*%2H7:



31RJ2!GYCQTZ\$=



QR
M&Z8^2MJ(R&)3
JI(1\RJVX ^QP

)TBEB
MDCS(RCY<;LJ!@G.3G/M@=:U$OK223RX[J!GP6VK(< X)Q['BL[3]:2]
UT+
MJR6QB9T;+X9





M@5MID



MMH?(MTC)W

%F.%!7!]CN'/&
5


M*B@#E=
T^YMY=/




$*[95UPVW@'&
C




'.[&%YQD@\GCUW&9E;)

U7RA-YB/O5H64.I /(W<'TP?6LXVFH+<VL[VRRO]DE@?854*S
I!(STP
MO.

MR;FWF75+AWL?MMM=1)'@%/DP6R&#$94Y!XSWXK7HH YV33[Z036;PYWWBW*7

H:(;8V#@=&[;QQ['VK;L;
MZ:\D+UVK F.82 DX.








=QQGOU
MXJ*ZTZZ/]J+#I#D7%]#




MKIZ* 

B %E]

Y[U


MJRC^U+26[DDT^*(
D9?


9#$YP0P!X! !(Y %9.


?


0PMN98V )(49VD;R
\=.^*Z^B@#GIK.W&JR0063B&6Q=





G+C!?:1UZ].QK;TT@M+1Q;-=&)WWA9XA%M/0A4K

[.HYY([UV-% #$

MM-%Y:9
A96Y4




'3]




MV\@1B1\S$!?F[9&#GOWKJ** .2M4GMXM

K?);OM5/W@!&


4T?^E2
/-B9


M#C&* -ZBN8O=?


M!O45RD?B6\;34N +:4ND3





MS:L
MMOM8O$WRJA0-D\GWY]JI:?J$:ZP))%




M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %1K#&DS



MVA5F*[)^XQR
C&W/)((ZGKQZ@&M:6T5G:QVUNI6*)=J*6+8'ID\U-67;ZK

_MFX$C6YLXOM:ELK
MY_[LJ%5LA]O7##@@=^W- &S2$ @@]#6
FO.29#: 6X*C=YAW_


4'6WBMI9$M
MQB
SS(;@DA4D*DID?



&R!R4Y((&0
C!X)Z4\ZZ\=J\\]IM 0%0CER


M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44


MW?O5NB@K'IUC$(Q'96Z(YCVQ*-A]1QQU-2P6T%LI6WACB5B6(C4*3WXJ6
MB@O#8VEN9#!:P1&7_6%(P-_UQUIHTZQ%NMN+.W$*-N6/REV@^H&
9JU10!2

%QE9V/_
MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C
M8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V/_P  1 ._ EH# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4


M**J3:E:P7 @D=O



X89&00?R/2@!U%%% !11

M6BF1N)8UD4

S4[F07UG91SM;?:=Y
RA2?E ^4;@1D










@C'O6NNG
MZ=+')ML[5XYSF3$:D2$'OQSS3;F#2[2.&:ZBLX4@^6)Y%51'[*3T_@G%)=
M?;+BPDOY3
)EDC;;'D0D9Z;?4




M&LJAB
=2



M*U:X^T-;0F?;M\PQC=CTSUQ0!@Z??7\G]G&XO2YNI[B!PL:J!L\S##@G/R =


\\ 4 96IWE[!J;0PSQI&;&6908\X=2O

MWJ
U4;3M
NRUPUG:3&=1ND


J@_-
MG*G: .
 ].AJX\5J;D[TA







M6-.@   YST' _IJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH




M4NH8XD


M4KT(S\W/;('Y5TX& !Z5031K%'A=(Y$
)8Q[9G&W=UXS0!FG6M2FAMH[.T66
MY:$RR;0-IPQ7 #.N

028IGRV;[K8Z$C/?N
U330[!$A5(

M5YMYW-M92!C'&1R._KT[P_:[G4+[1;@OD-Q9R2R1-$7[)N'WAV; XXYZYXT
MHO#^G0E#&DZF-&C3_2I?E5NH'S?YP/04Z+0K%[9XTF4VJ[8?])DPHSG&-W(

MJ)K5F-M)-')%$Q6


[AV/\ ^NI[


4?/12
MJL!^&['T IXTJUB?SH(?WR
SQAY7VAFZ\9( )YP![U/96WV6$JS;Y'8O(^
;
MF/7CL.P]@* 
^ZU*]CDOTC@1C;F+R]BM(=K9RQ48)QC.!^=7]/NEO;-)TD20
]N8F

M+V

(X!@J4P[%PJGJJ@D[5]A@5+



65G=!M/4








MK*6K/:R1R-(JK&CY0J




C

M!V@



MO- %BRUJWO9;=(XIU6YB
L+NH 



]A73S? M)!Y?F@QJ6+


.\PDHZ''!7=G^$=Z '_ -N6\D226L-Q=HT:


7W]-QSR3W''%3W&GS-
M


\9XSTY!_#JM





MM3C=;I[:UNYGCG\J2/@$





MVGW=FLD4%Y']G)=HUDA+






MVI6L%R]O(SB5(3




9[T :5EJ=IJ&3:2-*HS


M Y;:I:RQL#-\\4:O)N4C@]..02#R
U/:7L%ZKF!F)1MKJZ

ML2\T2]OWF$PM422UAB^^7&^-R_(*C*DG'7I6KI=F+2%A]BL[1FQN2U'RD^N=
SQGI0 6^I%9;R._O5C*WZP0%4 +95&8.<YR03]

SL/E3
M;P?DZG8/S/IS 9=VLS[&@=5N/




55P592


M2[Q



2%'FL&.


MBOX$DC@@N8&01K(SJ9&Q\VTCY

MQQ\V2


THM5:*ZFE8+(S#;)N/'RCD%NG?'6M#5[26]M$2 H)$FCE&\D

(A8DD


M.QMN[^[NQMS[9S6;=Z?J4W]H;4M/])\O83

M)1
E &K=74-I$))F8*2% 5Q)/8  DU5&N:<VP)<;W
MD0R+&B






X'3.:=I
MFJ
-*6;4)#)-YTJ?NH6);;(R\(N3C 'K3+?2KN/9;R- ;:&Z:Y1PQWOEF8*1



!D' '/J30
M!L1R+*@=#E3GMCVI]5-

M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH BN+FUB
MS-'

=P&

#


ZH

M* -2UU

$CO4D&FS0:A:3


.


M

M$HVLWIG_ #T-.UJVGNK)5M\%XY8Y=A.!(%8
5_'%9EW:7DEOJ$\5A*'O#&!;


MY;LD/^L995(3ZG/'XU
K-) &

MT^7=PXM6VRDN



-W0[3DC/)!YYH Z6&:



MW;)XZ4 :C7EJEP+=[F%9VQB
N QSG''7L?RI\TT4$32S2)'&HRSNP 'U)K&T
M6PGL=6N3);MY;6T
?VG*?O70$



;!B?EV%@ V&*_=


MAE(G&UAP

JH&
;


M%8NJ:==:C:WDO]FF.1[

HV
KQTX)'Y5+0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %



MHQWXXIRR71T:::%KDWEC;O ?F=M\@X+;2?F/&1G/WJ .EHKC+FX^SV

MK@\]1UR* .NHK+UR6*.*W2:6:




;+2RNNYEP&)!.#W/IW]#4-GJ#


;;[*6:3SRQCFR
*&;)!()RHQC QC-7VFA36[*UBU&1X;JT
P75M&9)2C),8X_]+,B2L%'W6S\XP3USR#W%3Z]</;VL
M+%G2W:95N)$8J8XR#SD<CG )'0&@#3I0 22 !U)KD)KQDN;:'^TI!927XCA




S)RIDC

M2'4GAU6.,20.C[SL8'&0K'C!'.%/;ZT =917*-=R33:]):7LMS/:'-NB2[@
MH,8SA%(#8)(YSR/6E29X+!YEUC[3:22Q^:\(?,Y^8[F=B



M=_J7^DS073PQM:+&Y5I' ;& 
;^2

V: +%IJ
=X;

M %Z\V6OKN!M1CB=KBX$4LT;Q2E\#/ 
9^X0.F.#@T =!?7D=C;^=
KE=RK\B






8R!0!T5

MKK;2O-'YD3+(69PP\I?XSU_.J^IMY5YJ@2XDBOGV/9QI(5
K! !A?XQG@YR!

&
M!_$5GZX95^P&!8WE^UKM61BJGY6[@'''M5
^N=_E6D8<\)C:


&
YC2[M]*2
M1V@ 96=6E./F'3CGC/TH ZRH(KRWFNIK:*57F@F1!_!GIG\JQKO4+F1KSR[

MOQ7MM/=SVL4JO-;A3*H_AW9QG\C5BN0N+V73=5U!4O$GN'CM5629E4@%V!)V


M!V4#Z_G571+NXF



M.%3$(E!QARI^;(4$9SUX&
W5MI7WV\7

UL1

59#YCDV_PL.H^M8+ZEJ-]<B/3+
MB!0EO%/F9O+\P-G)*[&...Q!'K3UDN%GUDVI/FFZC&$90Q'E)G;NXS]: .BH
MJE8W@N=-^TIOD(W\
NULJ2I'J

S1M&I6W8)NR






\9[=B/?-8LNI79$UW%
V8;



M (E]KR_F?ZE?O?WNG7WI?[
ZE=R%KRS\



C(_#1OMSL.
M#@Y!P3G\N0#8.G61\G-G;GR!B+


FX_P[@?D]
-L[V\D
LC





M.VT\^]


-K2^6-Y&




M$&?*C 7;GO@=

M9OQ9RW+Q0$BZ:T2&
$DOOV@[F8 CKQ@9XY% &N^FV$FW?96S;2&&Z)3@@8!Z

Z [/


0LK#.



MDP79@R!A\V0 1D=CW^M:IS@XP3VS0!';V\-KL-O#'#$O1(UJ._057.D::?
M
SIUH?-.9

*66-43#JGEYVDY.?PQ^-3Q:SJ4=K)<W=B%A=4,+Y4#<[!54X=B1\P.[
MZ'B@#46RTQI3$MK:&2-5!41KE5!RO'89''TJ6SM+5Y)(+:&%Y#F1D0*6]R1






M@ HHHH **** *MSI]O=W%O/

MYL.VQF]2N=I/OC-.N[U+62&+RWDDF)VJF
X'4\D=


0 []QQQQP

K1B)LSR$E020


M_-8



M&/UR





M.X8_4T 6$TBR1)8Q$WE2J5:(R



4ABE78P







M.21D?3-3KJ437



M3RO;0A'F(
CDDLY'3)/)J&YT6QNI;B69)6:Y01RXGD4
HZ# ; 'T]3ZFK-W=




(W$B



8

U%X?D




#&?+:9=N%8KGUR#C')&.:


 'W2
3@= #G*
M@'D8QBH+1Y?^$BU&)YI'B$






X(!/?UZ5JQEG@4Y


MXZ[CFDDTJ22TM1]K/VRV?S5G*9#-@@Y7/0@D8S^-3KJMF\#S!W 1MA5HG#[N
MPV$;L_A3?[:T_$/^D@-
S*B%2'+#J-N

'W#_
M 'D^;*GT.3^-





MA51&=F/LJ@DT 4Y=
N#=?:H+M8YI(A%.6BW*X!)&!N&TC)QU]\U6G\.J898+
M:Y\F6S6T92FXX7.#G_ &CGC\J=-J^W5;0QSB2QGMY7VQQ%F+(5]







^N*Q(M$O8[1(/M\!*77VG=]F/)+%B
;_ %/Y5K7-



I4XPY'7@



MZ#WIK:M9+
L32LK$JN3&P56.

6P3@!4+L
M3Z  $G\* (=+L?[/M/(#JPW%L(I55]E!)P/;-5YM)
FJ)?++$DJ;L
(?G.1@


/AR;R[





P52S$  9)/:LZ/6=/\ +CVWAF
JM)'M




M&\#UQUH RX-



4 275K?
MW:6T[+;17-K+YB1B1F1_E*D%MH(X;TX]ZK'2;X7L%TJVY8W9N9U
R71'VAP&W8&=G^V?R'KQ(=*U$SW$X^S*_

N@7DTTMQ





MY:
LJD

MY[C;V!SQ4]SI=[?Z
+*V$4%K]F




M.\M5-T^V*5W!0#!);J

Y)/X]L C



O*G/?ZU0^P:FEY
M939@G^SV\L;-)


M\@_

MQO&RDDMNW9SZ?=JU

P


M.-P(K M=*U.V;3_EM'%I9-;']ZRY)X/W3Q\@_,^G.S]NM-DK_:H-D)Q*WF#
M'T;T_&H)=9TZ(VP:\@Q=




HWC*?4=J + +^7DJN_'3/&?KC^E8%
MEINJP7-E))%9D6R3J=L[?
9&##^#M@#\:U(]7TYXX'^W6P%Q_J@95RYSC YY






;^V[_ 
=/MG:HH 0\ G&?:L*SEU.Y2/29EF
MEFDD1I98@B[CD;L
3^0-;U% '
6NB26%S:0)9M-%'I\EO+.K*N]F(..N['![

MDAC5Y&DVM&/+W C)&[DY.3C/Y\56M=-O#%8036Q1K .&FWKBX!0K@8.1DD$Y
M Z=ZZ%BX*[%4C/S9.
#VXYIU '
M8:D;=T\F26.X@DA64Q^:P1\L P.
 8



M (X[F*4

2ZBNKG[/=Q::\

O3UGW6I
MM;WAMET^[G8)YFZ+R\%?Q8'\,4 8T5OJ,=O9 Z7<%H=0EN&4219-OQ_'C/[








M'X55U*QN)9]1CCM!
M_ L0EW*%C(##YLD''.1C/X5NU0LM0EO&NU6V\MK:Y\

94

M[L'C( .\*VW^T#Z\&JUOI=Z5MVNKY

M10!#:PK;VL4
:;$C0*J[BVT =


5/
M*@#.02



_6FPVMI^Z273KEDDT



*ZMXYX'#Q2*&5AW% '.PPE?$
5

ME H88ZAFSDXXKM64
H;2[M[Z 3VLJRQ$D!UZ'!P: ,*X2WCFTEKUNXXENF)58
M)0JJ5()*X^4;BN

8IGN7U)-0






MGV161 
JA()&.@)SQ[FWT;W.OI$D]];?Z.4,L$/RDDYP79HX'M6Q'&L4:H
@#
MG)]+MX+J6QL(8DOXS:RH(@I (W;L?0-D8YXSTK8O+9/[*EM80T2&(QJ(5&5
M&

M=G10!S*SR!X#+;7FXZ848_9I#\_!P2!UX/']:UM


M
TL)O5
H'F1SPK$H8=P J@GGEAG..M:?VRW^W?8O-7[3Y9E\L=0N0
_F:FWC





=




V3]S=TS[GTH P[N6ZENRUM,;V619+



M=M



O.[@@X^M4-+GN+=K39.?*N
M-0N8FBVC&-TC9SUSE?7&.U;SVUB][&\D%NUTJY1F12X XX[XY_6HETS28Y8X
MUL;))$)DC41(#QE@


FTU&YO[:P22[%NTME]

M4=01KZ3[6@6UNX(U1$&UE?9D$G)/WSR


K;I

M*=Q P
\=J 







#VJ&

5M*47$4R*K8'3Y6


'&*T'TK25^_I]D-
MX$?S0I\P&
+TYZ#CV%2IIMA&P9+*V5AMP1$H(V_=[=NWI0!A6-Q=PVX87[2%
M]3:)UE52=GFLO& 
9Q[].
5-_:-XP^UI
W%[]E:SVKC;OVYZ;MV/FZXQV[UK
MR:;8S9\VRMGR_F'=$IRW][IU]Z?]CM?M)N?LT/V@C:9=@WX]
]: 



2@1C

M(XXY]*EMK2VLXS':V\4$9.XK$@4$^N!]* 
%+*[U%)H%6VCMDU!I?.WDR#;)
MNP%VX!R

,=ZZ.TM8K.W6! D
M:YP   

M'VE9+FV:
LB@I^]7^[C*]


#BI-5=7
M;Q$000=,3H?:6MP:5IP14%A:A%!4+Y*X /4=.A[T/I.G2.[R:?:NT@N6A4E
M@
8!XYZ#\A0!6UK_ )%6^_Z\G_\ 0#5ZU*[TY9?+F6YC^QB8%P (3E0.0/N
MD$GG)^4]:Z&.*.&)8HHT2-1A450 !Z 5%:VUG%PM(8$BD))$2@*WKTZT 5=
M'_M 1;^:&8':T3)(';!SUPB#''&!62\]Q:WFI7$$Y4#4H$:/:'#+$IR3ST
M/&




M9%O-/?ZIIUY L$-W/I\A9FC+#ATXQD$CKWXS2?V@JWT&K2P*LBZ9.\H3JVQT





#^G2@I%J=Z/(25;=V-XUM*ZAE& 00N3^IJ;3]2EGU:UN


M]$;S-I49=B%!Y. 3@9[XZT 332+#\KGHI8_05SVBW0CUN6)A.OVZ/SR)87



M6UTK-$WWE61DS[$J1Q[4R73+69;991*WV5@\1\Y\@XQDG.3QZYZF@#.M]8NV
M:S62.!O
K6G:C)<7DMM<%8Y5W
(3&R
%R 3AA


MB&*


VK#6K2





!SR./FY'!R#S45AJFI:@UHB?9



Z?.
8



\R9\OEGSNS\G3EO^^C[8






MN!@'(STQ0!DZGJ=X^G7T MXXKN H)%\\[=C=&5MN3T(Y [_C/=(^C:#/)86L
M$$N-YB5SY:


MGO9SRR


M5ZZU9;22_8V@1K?RE

M&5]V_
^V)XM*




MQ?O
C1+=#?7;K!
M
\RAO+Y9L[@?DZ?
W_?1]L/.A1_V9)IPO+L6SIY:KN4^6G]T$KTQQSD^E $%
L7%W;^'[NXC2-;F.W9\0X4




M9X( /O3[328;.^:YAEE 
*PB'Y=BJOW0.

MSA#UZ*

.[R@;E;NH .2/0XJ;4M&@U%Y&EFF3S


.35
MG^S46^DNHIYXC*098T(V2$# )R







M*V9F6-6=5( .
9(





MCI4.IJ7NHY/+F19C+JA;[PSG !)P54?B?2DTT,L_FI#*?,1$E+*5D9.1N
E6+^[^R6LTS1OMC0G<N#^0SDU1M&6.2-7B


MCYMV?3_=-




' )R*HB\

M_

=:K1
M7]R;DY'R.S)LV9*E1DG@]\CCVJS:A1IEL;I6
AC4ON!+%MO/'7-4);)5G#M:

'+!1U/&
U3_ +4E+S+]


Z_

M

EV4Y.

#H#N8N03



9((V*
8R/EX'Y4 :%\TY@*6Q\N1ADNW1!W]L]OUJ#3[][^X=H

S]?7@ ?GFGWL3OLKNE&S%



M


B@87:


MFQ6TP5958&1HVY*@$DX8 8/R]#W/3%:EO
+B!)0C('&0&ZX[5CR65T;.2V4!
MYQ(6


M9.Q )V@!2Q8^@ Y)]A0!-14-M=0W:



M 4444 %%%% !12
P498@#U-+0 4444 %%%(QVJ6.3@9X&30 M%5K\CO[..Z
MA#B-\X#C!X)'(_K- !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444


M1Z


'*X8G[W_ 'R?



M0!0UJ:.#3)7FDFC3*@MVUAE@/O?PCU/89Y%8WYCTR42W3B**^*
/M)+-&5
:!XVW*\6W(XQT8$=#Z4 <K;R(&TF-]7E*
M75U
ZN[2(ZE)


M;F Q[6.6_A1@CQE/O\ RL

M?



M@@]Q4E% &%?WC6VMPAI/



MXVC'88'%:EC?6DFM6*1W
+
]A\H#@D\@\?@#^1K?HH CG.V1MVSD[L9QQU

[E/ XKKJ* ..FU!%NYXSJ-Q%$=2C

[F



KE

MA\UAYR;5QE2?GR=V202/;%=310!''-%*76.1':-MKA6!VGT/H:J:W-%!IKO-


M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!DZO+=KJ&FP6]T8(KB1TDV(I;A&8$%L@=/2

LD1S&[H&

MHSP#R







5AC7YB
M' SDY^4CTQP:V[FTMKM56ZMXIPAW*)$#8/J
T@LK47(N1;0_: -HE\L;P/3/






M.UO%THL?LLMW&REIHXB@(&%SN8=^?\ @-:$=K;Q3--'!$DKC#.J ,P]:1+


;#.


5%%JFL:DMM'9R6\
QLH






M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
& QW*M&DLCERCQ@'@Y'

B\SRE\W;YF/FV]
^U/H ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HIDID$;&)5:0#
MY59MH)]S@X_(USD?BFX_LZ/4)M-1;9IO)(CN\F=VWA=@SS[T =-14
EU;Q3

Q4(LJDDCJ
V[N7*!5E4DL.HQGK[4]+RUDNGM4N86N$&6B60%U'N.HZC\Z )Z*KW%[
M:VKHES<PPM(<()) I;Z9ZTV34K&5XI;VV22/&]&E4%<XQD9XSD?G0!:HJEJ
MFH1Z?9O+NA
H4LD4DNSS
#) X/.


M5!7.


WT'4U/0 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
MR5BD;.L;2
!D(N
M[#) _
UQ=AH6HV=O#?6]AY.IV\[LRLR8N(W8Y7(;J!CD

ZW26MTL+ (\0
31G(5LY.
\_+GK6=86ES?C4[:W@)_X




M )9$PR;RV1EA]/7/YU(=#U WJQA6_VI]O-UO&F/N8SG/;IC'Y5UM% '$76

^S;&=/W4@!Z


L]YI+VUB6CBN?.FVE!MXQSDC)Z=
K=/\ #Z5V-% '.6EA?1:_;:@]L3'_ &:+=QO7<KA@2#S_
M _2LC3M U:PTR.6&:
&[*D8X/0^E=U10!A+I<]K=V;6@
ME(18XI6D=65T7NPZ[ADX('UK=HHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B



J  LX
M7(R-QQ4
=X7?TZC.*C@O(IW**&#9<#(X.
MUMIY^M %BBJTE[''<)!LE:1^0%0XP 3D\<9%/2Z@D=42569@2 #U Z_SH F

8/6I89TGW;%D&W'WXV7/TR.: ):*AM[A)X5E *AB0

MU*D?4&@2BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB


M S-8CC_M;192B^8+EE#XYQY3\9].!6Q5:6PLYVB::T@D

MLT %%%% %#6+:6ZLEC@4







# .!\Q^@^E3Z(TL]JLC-B22-/

M/W?[E

^6.X:\NVM)0DRJFT.

M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H



MQ*L
JV\MMY@W

P*L5.0
CI]*B;7!





.KS37=Q:BVB$L-PL



M=N!@'&
Y]

AL#@?
.1GZ5#8:].]E8

KC=[9Z=S0!OT57O)IH(-\$22OG&'DV*!ZDX/'X&LI/





 8(Z\Y_IJ B

=D3*Q0?<.58;5!# Y.<]3
M]
:U% &9+HYF^RF74+QVMI/-5CY?S'! S\F.A(XQUYSQB5--2*]EN89YXQ
P

ML+4+=W-\T#027&W*
P)&!C)P2


@C;M/0=N
MU:-% %*734EGBDDFF81
',01N&,')&1T[$56.@QQGL4O+M+652@B5EQ&IZ

MCT..--.1;RZQI_\ JL[/F&
8;Y?[I(XQ^?-))H



=1Z@@@CGN/UJJ
M-#A%D]H+BX\J1G+@E6#!VW$8*D8R3VS[UJ44 4]0TZ._TU[%I98HG78QCQDK


MS%.0P\N(Q! ?E*GU'MSCZFF1:4D&FQ64-Q.B1*5#Y5F.?7((/Y5?HH KVMHE




NG1SS%I

\OM ..
C(S]#0!H451CN9?[1N$


M^^0L2N!M*#IAL]]P;\J +M%4=

M!P=OWL9SQGT/K0!KT57


ME00.!QZ\^M &I168VHNEP[M&WV=7\G@@_


M@\G]* +E%8JZG
]O)D




CL
9]_6M2B@#*TU+F/5-5DEM)(XYI5

MJS6
4MPUPQE#F
)\LA48!)['WJ#2K%(K.RD82B5(%!5W8X)49X)XZ5HT4 5)


H'


M
C-R /FCP



D_5OK6C10!4M/-

Z!UBSL4



M#$K28X;9O)QCW*_G6Y10!1LBJZ8C2!T!).


\=^N

M7:Z$YYP











M-O+MD7?&K;9?OC(Z'WKG].OQ)X@C$
\[PRK
KK+/O)=67'R#A
 G &#CJ* -
MV_O[?3H1-=






M


QZ9^]QGZ4 ==56[OHK
M2:VBE#EKF3RT*KD9QGD]N :P6^T'7'MVU0V?D2)]GBD\QVFCV@G&7P^3N!R&

M RT1PPR0.O;Z]AS7
Q:@5!ADU*2!5U)40?:-^Z
HIQO89(Y/?OUZ4 =C5;3K



!&X


OT-=%IT12W,C&0M,QE(D=FVYY &2<8&.!Q0!;HKF9Y+J
M;Q!+')J:V;12J8(2K$S1[03@;PK9.X'Y214,%U;0ZW$)-1F:RDF<6[F[8[I1
M@,C#=RH[9'7ZC(!U2,6!RC)@D<XY]^*P&0/F8#.T'FN4@U(OI'G#4DG$%U+

]!TX)XP3







MQ&6P&/S%LCJ#CMP:9'J-V-#?63=;LPLQM60;8F'8$ -\N#D'/0]* .BJ!+?;

\LDA.0JMC XR!@#T'7-9=W/

QC4NRN 2IQP&'TZ$4 ;EW=V]C 9[J58HP0-Q]3T%


'&.] &_17
:E^WW<6B'5EODG66W$@B9 %1CC)! S@9.0<GC\* .AHK-T?^T )%OYH9
M@=K1,D@=L'/7(


#ZGG/)].* .

]
5A:4)


M*P;N^GBU:



#!]L
ML#4I+JXTV6:YDS;:C#$LRJH


:10\8*QLNS!
M&


M0$

M&BH@PJ@ #T%.HHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@O]AL_/:?[+!YS
&


QZ=:(8VWH5@4;6XY''!X'/L*EBL;2&222*U


ZNUC;%D8NI
2



5Q$T4\:2QMPR.H8'Z@U)10!5DTV


MI*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@




LCRB



J^5N*1@AYI



W/3BH/

'$8(QQC^
MEASV'UYD@9AJ
 

CN.JL$# @]L9I;&
M?

MM))HD2$J@)7 &5!QUYZT 7Z*YNSEF-G:(-RHL
I++^=
M;$*&.&-&8LRJ 6)R2?6@2DI:R[QV-_;%;J!<
V






M
X)(_A(!_G0 J0W$


B*9<*0H8CWH @GT\RW%O(X61
MO
)E8G&%V



M7[;MMY)IE$:K)Y:D$MGD+GH.YH I1:;J$*2I'=6W[PG

M&B\M(4;(/?;C/?.*(WN?*4R11A\?



7R.578V=V



=N  HYQ[9Z


MH A.G3RZ?;VC2+%Y

'*0
MPQO@1MN#

M+(6^FK!]GAWNN)

JWEMDEF8?EP
M*M2S%)HD78=[88%L$#!.1Z]* (;6UFM;1(HY(]VYF8E#C))/ SP.:DVW?_/6
M'_OV?_BJB^VLLD8:
%)I%2(@\G@DY'M@U=H 9$)!&HE96?N57 /X9-/HHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH

M: 



M..=H'\ZTS(FY5++N;E1GKCTH=T3:795R=H).
D]J 
74;86RNY


#GZ5T%1_:( S+YT8(


L:J[-(H$?WR3]WC//IQ0 QV$

**W2ZJNXL OJ3Q3/.AQ
MCS(_^^A0!6NU2VL (HT7=(@(4%02S@$\'W-9

-J B%WV[57)Y..
MY/\ 



MCT&!^9].=(E=P!QN

8_'G
MO5N!98)Y;B:/:@MHU&#G)4N2/U%7@Z%F 925X;GI]?SIP()P#B@#FC9FU=

=#NMN4'S%[X&:OEHUEDJ)'' [D#_ /71(R*A
A4+
MW+=* 
65 RJDDC
\\D
:$Y!D5&#%O_0C]
59O%E@_LYF'GRQN0\I&T?ZM@68
M]ADYK2+*.I QZTI (Y (H QDE
WM_;&


F
P-)CYG].E0Z0L9_LTI$ 1;\D0
G\*_Q'@UND9!'K45I!]FLX

@?\ OC.TC@C Q@^WK45SID4T]FZJB+;R
MF0C;]X%&7'_CV?PJQ#:6]N9#!!'$9
;BB@9P
#/X4 8U@S30Z6%G8^7MR%4


M;@69ENCYMM(9/
25IA&01#+!R/O?_ *^.35AK&5=/:VAN2K
7)D9 V=S$GCCGDT^ZM9)K
M8012K$FT#)0DC'0@Y&

\4;E2O/R8QD@9Z_CQFIM;C1L3


M:ZR(^XY.



MT4:IN(P#@8S3'LMUK-'OS)



D#.




M
Q'*\/)$0



+SD$X\EUD($QMWG)R<\X[<@@ 3&%9YC 85FF!&2?FR2!CUZ^V14MQ.

=^!3K6T
23B=UF:=RSG


MX
4**50!=H.T-(P;!)'7;DU:O)Y9-'CD8R#Y@&
6P+]\ 9W?TJX-


MRN:V
C.
\UF6NGWUF?+@O83;F1Y&$EN2Y+

#CM


MA)8+]X#'4]
?&LFXJIMYV%ZM@+G
M!&3TYQFF'5#%K-PLTP:R%K'-&$C).68KVR6SCMZT ;-%4GU6SC:-9'=#)MQN


L45QO9I#%E58J' SM+8P#]3S0!?HJ&ZNH;. S3


MZ^] &G1445Q'-)*B;MT3;7RA SC/!(YZ]JAGU*TM[A8)92'9@O,54GHP&%


M;-3C4K
NJVC117D(

MH+N_MK

8'6@#3HK-.L6$D.[[6T'[U8OG
M0H^\X(7:PSR/;I3_ .V=/


Y!EEA5V(&.2*O4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% &0NE^=K-Q=7
MMC8RQD+Y
A.^1=O3@KQZ\'C%


\_*0

74;%[;[2MY;M!G;YHE7;GTSG&: '




M&(_7CMI:EKMM;0W26TT$MW!;FX$3/]X $]NO S^7K5ZVO(+A#MGB9XP/-57!

6S0!&<D.#
MP#@MG.,#D&@ U!+J2T9;)U2;(Y8XR,\C.#C(SS@UE+I6H0IL8MW7IN3OF?
M.TYXSM.3S^GOQIQZMILJ2/%J%HZ1C<[+,ICU//%
EUG3HC;!KR#%TQ6)A(
M&X]?3M]2!0 FEV]W;RWIN4AS3F6
QR%C@@#!RHQT'KU]N:=[I^HSMJ7E):[


4
DTUS(D8@ONJOL23UI#?6@BCE-U (Y 2C^8
M

 
G![\ F@#+M]%



F+1B+)XCIVFPR'&?LY

M?;8P0+GSF#1@DGL/W@ P




M)+ZUA\TQ2-QC\.20!G'N.F: -*PBDALXUF(:8C=(1T+GDX]LFJD5I=VFH7
E
MN()(+J02




MFHRW%U


K!%
Y4X';/4BN@J 7MJUT
M;87,)N%&3$)!O ]<=: (K(W482VN,2F.)=T^3EV[\8 _(G\*BN[6[&I17MGY
M+_NC%)',Q48SD$$ \Y[8YJS'?6DLACCNH'D[BJR D#UQZ41WUG*S+%=0.R*
M'8+(0IZ$^WO0!F0:5=V A^RM!*1;^1)YA* ?,6W  '/4_+Q]:;#H]W8.183
M1!18I;(\F=P9-V#C&,'=^&.AS6D=3L!TQOK81*0K.95V@GD G-/^WV8G2 W



MYXXI+6ZFEU*]MI4C5( AC*DDD

M;)&=WX4EEI6I176EM

=N/X3Q\@_/V




]2:



M#

 A=


UY8:C-9
MZC +$N;Z!!&S2)^Y(4#8W/J01GKVKJ*8TJ)(D;, \F=J]SCK0 0ESAE4))

PN[2.)'488%\]2/[P/Y_2NCHH YB]L+Z
M\N+[R[.6.6.V9 TJJ&
;%F3*L2I(.

M



M[^?5[:1K-1!#=2$JNP(Z
C+O/\1/(R
#KT/6MJTDN)(B;J!8) Q&U9-ZD=B#

]
HH Y[

M@ED+1DALKC.&)(^4^OWA[XZHY)HXGC1WM*VU ?XC@G _ &@# M=.O-EA;W




'GM4EQ%(==AG2QD
M5HKG;+
L3EY$

A:5F!QTX)P/PJS0

MI:Z9:VC PK)@?=5YG=4_W5)(7KVQ0!B:?817


MAQNV3.@;']X @'\: 



MYH=M&-6U.62VD\P3YBEFB8'!4!MC


!]/8&JUQ#/YETNG6]U$9;.!
GS2V2W_FR&/[3!+L60'!< !5
MW
1N&X9SZ]*ZN1Q&A=@Q &3M4L?R')IU '-SVEFGV[L+6.*\WN!;NK*&1
ME.U
@9VYP



M'K@'H
NJI&8*I9B  ,DGM0!F^'LC1;=#'+$8P4V21LA !...F
5IU#:74-


TQM(
M#*Y#


4:/S5E!




L2@A

MZ'MVMD:9
M&A



DA)
MDVY'SGT ]
\U932-



C2R-OE=5VAF



MV%YC+2!%\S!XY/6@AJ]Q/8&)H/
6UC1FE
(5W7IAF5N2O4G'-6]7O'L])G



M1O
ZC/#










MUP3QM]LCK1=:MJ

M?)\Y_P^N/3CJ..E,?0-/D\W>D[>;$(7S
MV


?\




M82&6.


EG):/'(T4OW\SN6?

CQQ[ [8QG&3V ZD]*R-4-S+?W=N\L+68L6=H6

DT;%S&8B5=ERI[

D9#M$







MOG+&8PRS.N%/48! _'V'H* 


M6&$S:=!.3
H^[MZ=ZN_V-8;)%,+-YC*S,TC
M%BRXP<DYS\HY]J?'I=G#=-<11%'<@L%=@C$=5SM)X'.
T 7*Y]]:NTO)85-



/)'+

2


SR$@CH
ELD#T/'M0!G

MP&'DLV5SD@'(R
]14^H: 'GMS91CR_M/VBX\RZD!)VL/EZX/S$Y&.@_^VCV
M3W!CD'V=S)&1






90WE\LV=P/R=/F;_OH^
MV'G0H_[,DTX7EV+9T\M5W*?+3^Z5Z8XYR?2@^UF[CM[Y8K:..X@A25-TN



M4XK..W1_.@DD1VE*_

M3WZX]/?&G=6*75Q!/YLL4D.X!HR!E6QE3D'@X'3!XZU0M_#D-J(1!?7JB&W:



V



<<_)QC(/?J


/F
MQD@CG.VKFIZA+I]M!(+7S7EECB($@H6(&<D9(R?3\JC;0XFEMY?M5P)(9C.


YVA3QQZ
M_I5MM

 G()!QQD$&LV.PNO[8DNO)GCF+G$I$#1E
M]-V/

ML_B7



MH I)KLFV5[(^3=1&2V*2@L^%W;6! DCGJ1P:ETS5WO9;9);80_:;47




M-TNUDUVC9A&IFDDG5&)+8PJ@'
UJ&Q)U


TTVW

 8H T86D
M

AQC([#





$
BLR@(1]T94@L?7 )X]33[6W$EZ\X26$

M3*?Q-M!.


DEB;:*VEM@F(AYHY
MVC)_VNIY[F@!DNJ3'3;N80LDD8?8R_
.
QLK:3RU+VZ89
M85W-TQD=-U6-0,\5A&\&Z6?S(49Q&S*9%#'&/0D^U #(]12SVQZC=1;I
L'
K#W1%V$C8-A1NBQR<\J0?3 ;\J:/-^V0KB7RB&W[E7';'
M04RZ:1;V5Y;=IH(H R*J9+



3M/7!QGV


MN+.$NP&[R9%V



'
.<3$.IRS;5<D]P!T/?D\5):

J%E10ZG+8&
@?4]:

M'\ZKVMIF[5 LR+:1HBR



M[@$]G/-)-)#

MK0-;7


M 3W..:R!J%PJ())


_

A@
GD^7A]O[UL

\9XJFVIS/ITLHB:.0;MC)\PQD@-SZXJR'FN[/RVB


M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !

,D/,@*JS'GH!U/X4
MY)XWD\M2=^-VI'%8^H2
DC?:HI9&99$5!C;Y;2(IZ



O.Q9Q@OR?G(QGT

3DY//O0!8%
MU 2X



M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@O):I-,LDQ,@0AD0_=4COCN?K2M:K]
MK2X1W1@&53\KCW'J/7K4]% %22R+SM
+J9&. -NWY1W R#U-)#IT4
B2))+



CO4M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!#=NT=I
\8)94)&/7%93V


M
1VT_ER2&4[538K;C\O'W@



M=.CW%M#


$$5D[&1 7(W$(3D#D*1




'9& N


(XXQ8VP2)MT:
8
M=RJ2K!6&2N,]2,$YQSBKG]B:3C']EV6,8Q]G3IG/IZU))IFGRES)8VSF0!7+
M1*=P'0'CD<#\J *T6H7<M[!#Y$**7E67]Z21MQC'R\]1Z55O]1D_M:TAD@A

7XB4?
1@GIU(XI6L+-YUG:T@

%ACISCM0!G)K
'MC.:LZJTC:%/
/P'Y5/0 4444 %%%% !1110!B&ZG?7L2JWV=)O(C5)BN&\O=N9<
M?

MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 



L5&2H![DX''-$VL6




MD$I;L^(@^W:&Z$CC\.^

 G(&.#Z4\:K


2!G ]1[=_0XDEUFQA

Y\IR
+][!QAL=\9QWJ'^PH5B


N5S]&%
M.MM.^S[V7=P7N6#
YV95MH7(^7'0#J#TJNF@V]NR36;&=(V1F1$7SLCJY

$YMI!DD$@#*\Y _EZBG_VM9_O?WC_ +O@CRGRW./E



#Z
M=ZT58

M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
B*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#__V0$!
end








begin 644 exhibit10-20x7x1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!# ! +# X
A .#0X2$1 3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB


2R?:83




#GC\O443Z]9Q %1/(?M'V=@D#DJ^
M

L+.05*^CCKN_#%


'<8W&5+(4)'T(!
MJEJFI26-Q;A$5HMZBX8YRBL=JD?\_0&@#3HJI/<O;W)


E &S142%WME(8
M!V3AB
@''7%9FDZS%-96XNYP+AXR[





3G.PCGU(/.3Q5EKXKK6!A;#P-

M
 1CK_$*M1ER@

'\U(CRQ\%2V #C(
M!.#B@#E=+2:6'RX3:7,OV9K=/+N]PMP1G!41Y49 ZEB.!5^?1)IHM.DEMK*Y
MEM83\$Y+1L#MY#%3@_+_=[D5T%% & V@*+\R_8-
G@DC52LL7
) P-@VG(Q


G'.[5:_NULK8S,-V65%7U9FC]2* 
S3-*O;1M
:4P9M;5K:0*Q.1E2



[_
B

M!F(W;2IPQQQ]T]



R



M


XED+PW)D0 W,5R)AA3PI(10/O''4]<UNT44 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 8^M1[KRU:ZMFN=/N)8UB

MBR*
!HI7C./0E2





X7OGK4.K6.-+2SM[2XNF%M*8)YXF9D;J %4 (WH3@C@#/2NNHH



O2DGM[99;7-A-)I'ER P?9W;;







M'=R

?
MY T 6J*A:ZB1W0EB\8!950L<'.#@#V/Y4R*]AF<)&)2223$P (]21Q0!9HJ

'K0 ZBJK:A I4
)@6.%!@?DXSCI


MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *YS6)KC[;;/)IURXCNT$+


M7:BTMGC&T
TKR

9.1UQQFI+:VM[2

M?=!].* )@Z2M)'@'80&!'L#_ %K/:*-KNYN5K'#&$!CDC);M]!^!J[%9P0


GEK@

:TA8QD

MO$

M@!0!!JZ

MQD+QA_






3;UYQ@X(_D33R P(8 @\$'O0!#9


M4Q EE:
/(:0)]J8%L
 .?+X/M[]: -JBL[3]2DOA;
D
822'S)
2$F



MPR
MF0QPF20!

*3




M7'S;F./E7;\P!ZDX/?% &M16$=?N!87-Z-._=02-$5



6&!9+:18V*W&Z+D Y+[<@#//'%

I*#S
JWI\P!X/K@US^DR/&L$XLX&U.[$F&$[ 2(&&2YV
M]N .#^ S0!T]%8(N4U#4=


R3
M[EVXY*D#GGC!Q^%7* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH CGB


1E57@X&Y#W&:T:*

7SN!^3H=S
M?]]'VQL44 9+:#$VF2:=]MNQ:LGEJFY3L3^Z5SCMSDU/+I@DFMYQ=7$=QF

Z;1X9I79IIQ'* LT6X%9@!@;L@GIZ$9[TOV;



M*%QI@N;7R)KJX8
I60G8?

@;R^2^=P/R=#EO^^C[8E.BQ&S:U^T

M_=P03STSZ&KNG6

9E_=7)N5._D
2?


A= C&FSV)OKLI


9PRXQC*=.%Z_W1[YM?V4BR7



_L:)9+9XKFXB-N[283:?
9L[BV5/7

FK9



MT($C^9AAG'*KCY@
^H_&K=Q(T-O)(D32LJDA%(!;VYXH EHJ



M-N[*4QGCW/3UK3^V1I:)/


0[B215R-N0&(&?3I522^NC


I@L.G7.1_2L]K^]
M:PLH228@QL#APK
.Q &0
_D..: -NBJ\-P;B$O&I0!BH
@ZXX)X/KFJ
&H2
$@C#KWQZX/\Q0!:HJG<3.LI E*#'3_GR:CMKB9KV)'


@??(E!
MV^^/K4!NIY+X11

O9;E


'D#&?Y






/
2U2UN_*\QFE0D[F+'.W'?FI);VVAG\F6=(WV[L

M&0X.01]: 













MXST)[#GCJ:UXI4FB66
Y1N02


?G0!!J#.N(XH96
W#R1C)51^/7GC\33(U4W
M$-L]AM@1=T+

M:(*T2IATW'@L?7_:JSB:&\M(KG[-:&-WV$*3E
.VMY)Y
MFV11*7=O0 9)IRL&4,O((R* *6G-YTUW<B-T1WIO0H2%'7!YZEJIM$5O9Q'

H!(!
MS@'_ /50!2L;6.V)M3$P94VK

M$94GT^HK7:[A2)I&8[5?RS\I^]G&/?DU



9N#!CM5\$<\94&L2PG:&6-G2?;]LER$$ISP_&,<_3K72W7R%BD)EVC :

M;)GAG!V;_
\SY^@;OD]JU&C8L2)G4'L N!^E0PV:P0QPQ32K''C:N1T';I0
M!4O7,=ZJRW!&)D7Y1\F  ![YRQS1IFUYY%BG4)$Y;8@4;]PR6/?[Q;\15UK

K
BH0 
8!)[C_ &J2&S6*]ENO
=GEC2
@XP I8CH/]HT 4I)9/[5M



N
MF2RWCB2

MSG^= &*8;?[0(RJ!L^6.'^9B-V.F?NC-6YEA?3;/RH4$4LRG9'P&!SZXZ]\U



6W





M]?84 +;W
\3:8D6SS2B#='@'Z#TJA'BR7<D@B27?C
] 6L)FTR)9<ERN068D@


UQ;1S/#) SC)CD #+]:FJ&TM
MDL[6.WCSL08&3FIJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** (;MBMI









MXJ 6?GYCG] :M7*27*&W *1N

$!2 N



MR=(L%9P[]

M-WF$$$L!TP01S22P%;^U$


M@ LI3(S
KW
BLO!E50H(/L!S_A5'5[^:#4]









!GZ$4Z*X26::)0=T+!6STR0#Q^=9=I






G\* )X;RWFBBD61


9S^E(

MMW@8-AD\LKENF0

MMR\GKZGUYYY[\U8HH CEA28+O7)4Y4]U.
6#D <$'U!

LS-N)+$Y




KQEL8

^G?GK2/9PNR


GC;T_E4]% #719$*NH93U!&1
M0JJBA5 50
 #H*=10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %

\IA+VZR
8

^M:=]IXO9[64W
\1MG\Q5CVX)P1SE3V)'XTM[I\=Y

ML]8U'RK62[M+80W$YB


M&PGW1A@4X#\=L^M9B:Y'';V)6WBA%TK

MWS%&B;$V_P ( P

MKJ




^7R[9SGY.G+?\ ?1]L5'T:XMM0
^/IS3O$:[O#FH;BRLMN[ HQ&!D<C'<4HL_.U
M*WGFBDW6:
BS2

UH\DD:3*49H\;L'J.01R.*
M
Q]=
-RMK!937 B*)





C)[9Q[5F:5IES#*Y NK9W7;-(
W6(NQ8[ V A.
9.0#Z8XR;/\ 8$)TN/3FNKEK9$$95BAW(
_*


M]#(DBB\NT




N69

 4!93D#.!].M:E_91W]OY
C.F&#H\;89&'0@
YTB6ZLXH/,5E78T^2FYL88;<JP[C&/<U:M]#%N;3&H7CBT)
M,8<Q]











M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 4]0O_L*AA:7-


MU %E-322Z




UNNVY*DPWQ2JS0R[ RS #)
MV@$G. 2 0


M]T8IXSJ$16:Q6S_X]CD 9Y^__M-^GIS;MM
NK6X:6&\C F5?/4P$[F50NY?F
Z*+J2\83^7]I0;0$SLD P).O






M(


MBZC%NP5U ^8@]&!4\#W)&.^*6[T^\O+26]B$KX&]8$ !SPN[.??-0W6C

V-IY()!W#





MYDM-$N(+FPDDU R)8H\4:B$!F1MH 8Y.2-HY &?;N ;-8.B:FR116UTUQ
\E



F[!5UZJP((/X$ U1ET1[I)7N[H-=2+&HECBVJH


Y[


.OTS45MH=Y
M ;


M1R0V]M);

H '4%0.3U.2?; ZU7ATO4U%M

U1MKFG*L9,Y#2
M,RK'Y;^86 R1LQNSTXQW%9]WI,VKH]V[6A:18O*4'S8G56+?,<#(;/OCWI[:
M3<+)I[6MEI]JL%P9I8XG*C[I7C<GG/('0#WH N_V[IN3_I0^601L=C81CV8



J

&.
#;C))R



M# $
LD;(N]B%Y&.2 ?Y4 0P7T#2)')=#SEMQ+)'Q@#CYCQQ^=*FKV4BRE97S


*1ELX.


EQEI=6@MBZRGS%QN.[;MQU;&
M
]OPJ*^TC4;^UE


_E
M5'7--.I6\(58)'@F$HCG7

M-N
Y&#QC-$NLV$5O#.TS



-I:23W
XMXE'

M)8-M4'KV&*FUFVFO-(N[6V$?FSQ-&/
8JHR

N
M8U



\@'BI[VTN7U2TO+?RCY


MPNV^

M

[#Y5V\'Y.#\@_
^G-VRMM0L8I+9%MI80TCQ.T



'.W.2%)QCL?K5R


MOY
T


M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% %#4=2



JV_V=RCY8\J?O1$CUX .#
M6OXC1I/#]\B+






?K5NN4-K%:Z/<O:IJ,GG/$3]KMPP8$D(B+VZ




Y*AF(Z9P1GB
MH)=-7_A'[YHTU0W
L!22 P; 9
CGY$&\YS\V2,YH [:BJMG]FACBBMX#LB
MF0*(60=LYXX//0\]:M4 5M0O!86




M6U634M)6266(3.9-D+.H!C91NP
9(Z_P LUBF W.C1VS:;





M_P#8Y[.
PLXNIO*W @!#@GG\C7--&(9KJ9+.\
JZK'(CFVE=O+^0.5.#QA7'
M'; ]*D




7A6V;:8S'@$+CYEWY) SZ]* .ATR__M23R6A


+C=^\W


MBVM;...]E&E*))8XT^S16TJ JK?
V2BLPY4LH!Z#KF@#IK^\-F;?$+2:98B
M0P 3)ZG_ .M5NN3B#VEEY1LYPB:DLBK#:/M9#$JH!('7_\ 7Q6GXK4'1PYW
MY2XA(,03F101QUX)XH V:*Y2ZM97@O)+*XBT^26(M D&UV SYA6-QWRO!'



@@\DT =E16#I 6/7+H0V\\4



M(;2.]C6603%FBB:



MQ1KF2&8/.2/N
./TK8UV:**WA$TLT:R3!1Y<WE!C@\,_51]"3@
M=\4 :=174Z6MM)/(&*1J6(12QP/0N1L]0$LUE#=ZI(B_9)Q*GVC;RCX!W<-


MED

M

M =










MXK+U29/[66WOKN2SM6A#02)


CDCTKFKVZLX-*FN;+692A


M/]H-BC1*CL?XG#$+T.!@XQUQW/(!U%%8ND31R:A+]ANY+JQ:%7W-*9 LF3P&

X3E=O )1QW)QCMUJGJ%UJ

Q[O.D
[TQY&  ^8 I#+QUY;CIQTXI

M@ #O2Q
6B1F*EBH)V'(_#VK)U*YEDU2R6Y-JL=J9\@*?-Y((^8'@8YQ@_,.
M10!J6\\=U;17$#;HI5#HV
@C(/-



MP6\_DR)+(
X_O%0F=QSD?

Z55_M



MJ[6[EE
2(0LBH5&1U.%!POUZ=: .EHKFM0OK^S2[C@OQ
%@2=)GC4LN6QCC

M
GF




MC3SJ.H#3K2X
C2*!


WEQ(FHV^KBTG$23;&N


2/&GEJ






M2@WF









9YY6


DJ!)-DJ
GL!U/H
C-1:+?2:AI_G3*HD622
[5*@[



8+;?3/7








M$AD^_&L8M]1C!IITRP80@V-L1!_J@8E_=_[O''X5;HH I)H^F1EFG6B^6V
M]


 $C&.F
=*K_V59[8@8V/E

V
M/0M-AC@2&W


MD5_*$/

M4/Y;%@ HX&[ )ZGL*FM8?L]ND6]GV_Q
Q8G\22?S)J:B@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB









MZD





&T

MBM[22!



M %33TN(X2D\



Y_#K5B6\


M


M4T]G))IDB16BQ3O(C

M.D
+R

MF'#







2*(+
MFUA$
A8W#&8L9
J1TVCV^@%7;:\BND
N02/3H3UJ='61 R'(- %'4K


MWR99KE


PQR3_C2PW3.5591@9


M(8C=D@;CD?


NUL3
%




M+8DG+$DDG/)/- &?)'


T\_NY4VA1&^W&P+V'H3FDLCNNKQE

B;L.Q8DL223[FGJJHH50%4#  & * *6NG&


A&-S')
M^F30!#/*KVZW$*+


UT


L;D





M?D





)^Z?[_P!!

MEMA$#K!@A)(!!R,9Z4 6J*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B

DXX%:#P2R6R6[N
%0
MLKKP6]0!VS_GU#/(G?4(W=8EMX%.S:3N8GCIVP

MC1EVX#=^H]
G\*C$LT^J6S*T1*I*IX/&&0
G'?Z&DOK'S[:YVEC-)$R*2V ,C@?2G1:=DT
M=P?
\]5EA(V



MZ2R/
\
@':@#,1TA'


MGAAYS#(#%@


M]OF!)_04 9:
7G\N1=I%TH 




M^7EE!14PSD


.




MW



MZA/(M_;;&(VEB!]F=_X?4'FJ44Y:\BB
K[A)&V-[9.7?/?&.%K7N;5IY/
;J


CX^9@QRP_'O[

M/:22UO3;2
Q
W[MB=WRE$Z9/N:G730$\D

MB#*BQHRL2  


M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%9^IWUS:36D=O;13&YD
8
DQCVG:

*?TIEOK5N8IC?/%9202^5())1MW8!X8XR
$4 :=%5I]0LK8 W%W;P@C

=H1N8W9!92
Y *8SCU/XT ;-%0VEPMW9PW
M88)

HA



XZ4 :%%9UI?3S:AY$B1B






MI6MU-+J5[;2I&J0!#&5))(8'K^57: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
?7K::[FTY$MIY8H[CS)6AE$94

MXFC18L

MEGJ/EW


M=2(NFFYMIHXD7#JWE;!C:V\Y('7(SWX]=RB@#G+71VCN9?M5G//(LLLL4_VL
MB



D4D31SJC1O\K*X!#9X

SML(F9%8
2
YYR.H[?


8/3@

M!WR1D$\9ZCWQTE-=@B

5UL*$$


A!
M*YR


^]&W'(/3@=#3-:U+.F

8SC-==10!S5CY6L:AJT)U*X?RI%$7E7+



[DM%E4SQJ&=!U4'IFIZ .


HDN

M2*=2D@B748/+/VGS
Q
$)'F-R1RQZXX/4KZG&LLUL]\XLHM0:*67SR6C0Q
/3[E[10]PL3&)3W
M;' _.L(W4:Z3)<:;?3W+MY?G@RF1HAN&]L'E&P3QQC' XKI::&!9E&<KUR!


MO0=LMTRY3RP2ID&2HW9Z\97'3BNMI* .3ENKF\NH4.HMIJM;QO!YP8EVYW8*



'!X.#QWH HZ$D
=WJ@2
M21I/M)W!I68 ;5(X)P

@SZ^E/H Q_+A_#&GXW<1




V\4RJ9M_S'=N(YX&-AP..1ZUNT44 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 9.JASJNEX



MK^SM)LL7/V*RM_)&1+Y2)L'KG'%3FRM&G,YMH3,<9D,8W''3F@


JP8)XJE

X'


M 





):Q3*RJJE=Q
M8

MT\=
R!SGUVJ ?8L6/4KWR+N)IYMT-VL8=HT
X






R3Q)^\ VDJV



M2E]O/&?H34UK9VMDA2TMH;=6.2L2!03Z\4 8*ZE=?VB8XKUI(IH)F1Y855%9

M/0\=0:UUTK3EMVMUL+40.=S1B%=K'U(QBGFPLVDBD:T@+P_ZIC&
I_NG''X4
M 4/$@E^P6_E7


MSG// J&XU5Q+$-0*O)IGGJJ[ ROCJ.,\_\ ZL5N+8VB7+W*6LW#C#2B
!F


M _$U'J&H:A96TS6]Z+@-9/=+*\:D1E2.!MP
$$XSD\=ZWH]/LHI4EBL[=)$7









Z[&S
Y5EP1@KG;CD\8ZG/6H_[#T\VLEL8I#%*NQ@
M9G)V_P!T'.0OL.* (&N]36ZM;?-H?M*.XEV
-F 
#;GGKUR

MJVRI=0NVT;AL=1G);^Z?IQ[U??2K1Y()&$V^W0I&PN) 0#P?XN3[GFH1H&G
M.*/RI3'$K*B-/(0 W!&W(/O0!G?V[?+%?A1:W$ELL3JZJ\:

D]Y!Y$PCW21A@VT@<@$=:BDTBSDACB=)6\MM
MZ.9W\Q3ZA\[NG'7I5N.-8T*

MHEA=R2231/OD978I

DT'3Y1

MD/04 %MJ$KZK+:S[8L$^7&T3 LH_B#9PV?08Q5C4[DVMB[KOWMA$V(7.3QG:
M.3CKQZ4Z.QMX[@3JK;QG&9&(!/4@$X!.3SUI9[*&XN()Y!)YD!)3;*R@'W .


-(
\


1.)7#


8[146]^S%/F




#M0!3_M+
M5FN8K=[:WM9&M))F$A

M^UN^G;I^=7)-'LI9Q

M/FN2$]



MG .
A*Y]CFKJ:191V]S;B-S%<DF56E=LD]2,GC\,4S+WD


$$51@T+3[
M=H62*1O(_P!4LD\DBQXX&U68@4 +?!M/MKBYLH-TTCJ7VQ[O0%MJX+8'/7)Q



MS3?[%L#(CM$[%8?(PTKE2F





_6@#


7:2W*^6KJJ[ 5W'(;@]L8(]ZL/K%U;/=+<)Y2VCGC
UA9FB0H&^9QR3S@ 9SVK=JE:

M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% %*\U)+6ZBMO(GFFF5F18U&#CJ
MD@ _C5*X\3Z=;P12NS9DW$QED1EVG#9#

D$8P
GTS1J_GMK.FBVWHZB3
AM
YN-ZBV\UL@!^\H+87

4

\8)SS@\XQZXJ.'1)(-1MKF.Z3;%YK.K1$F1I&W



B#2[NVE26

J3$K!
0NR8@$X7G/8]0

E
MM&8\
AP0 S9^8 

MUC4)--MHY8[9[@O

%F+$

CTH R].U)K:ZO8[HW
JM?B)9'*D1;

M!J$.9;Q+L%K8G!7;@'YQG[B^G?UXD.B2NM\LT]M


3 9T=X]R*20#C=STSA<GVITGB/3H]2
.,F,#<ZYRN<
M@\$Y/'')%
G\36$%M%-)N5I-X\IV1&&QMK9W
!P?0G/;-

MQ)/_ 
L6WU)X]9U2Z-S% E



LUR\:Q%DCV*%4DCC)YRQ[T[

16@. !G/O51[ -J:7BR;1LV2)M^_@DJ<









#V

1.=ZCJ5X^8?3-)_;-@P'^D;
E8ZA[?5])T^\GMA
EG-$H1N6'R!3@]
[3Q['DU


084N5&UY 1C+X7CU/)S[4 :1US3@

B))*1O*@
$8J-W3+ 87.1C)&:SC8:F7
M=O*M

/E!Q\N#
MF@#4CUG3Y9EBCN-[&0Q91&*AP


C$-MC\




YQ_NG&#]?RJ5]5LX[T6C2MYQ8)
MQ&Q4
1D*6Q@$CG!.:36;:XO-+FM[41&608'F

QD1DRO]X9 R/<9%307]O<6S




MN







6%W

P
M4C&%P6ZY.0.@S45AINJ6TEH9([

M:XC+0D1
Y_WBHYP1G.,=\56TS6(9-/LI;V]1+AK3[1(G !7C+'C@HK/3-3

M;3T.2 


MC;S4+##.%[


YD*P8CA3G.,=._P%.N+&2'3Q#I
5O:ON5F1

M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !4

M4=1-W%;6T


?3\*NW-
M[:)!-YE]%;[

M01(MI

M8 -O!W94'^M3W$CQQXBC
DA^Z.WU)K$LXIK2[O7M8))I1

MD?EP* -F:Z6(V^ &69]N[. !M+9_2F0:A!--*@DC 20(A#@[R5!X_/'X56U)
M3


@(4\9!3

]* +SW\,=TT+N@IN+;NAYX_

MD^V6




LJ&1ASL7J1WQ6
LD
^BJYB3RVC!\G[01^& *M7D
5I9Q1()


M=JIOCSO#+E+=%8Q2@8WMGYB3Z\_CSZ@#5M+D7$*;S&L^P-)&C[MI/:K%9V

M2;4&25C8C\\5%#?
T$;2VTRRL!N18V.TGKS@=*AUJ-I($W$&

M^'^1!''Y7B*U41B

MMI?Q7
:



B*T*ILQM+'(YY!SU]J


3CG_:K0N89);:=)

C(54QT'0\G(- $0U-1':&6)D:Y(&SDD$J3QQSP.U7!/'LWL=BYQ\X*_S

07#;$D7S0@=H]P+*#TR!]#3;F[:&XA

MMQGMZ\^E &C9W8NQ*RQNJ(Y0
V
/CJ1@^N1^%12:BL=S)&T;[4C5]V

M;Y:K:5&\

MQQ0!KVUZDL

(;8Q7.U
M;B)09

'
MC9

MX'WNV

GVH U
MOW0GZKYI7IW*@_RR:9'%;/*+N-(VD9=HE4 DKZ9]*SI9F.IL8Y)L)&VYF0 *
M PR!QDCZ?G3?#LK-D0F#QI:Q,% 'RL2V?Y 4 :NV'B'': P3T]\4K11-
L





6*-96E6-1(X 9@.2!TR:=2T4 


M?

MWA@B
4


2*-

M02%%
@& V.0/3-.(# A@#U!I:* &111P1+%BQQKP%48 I]%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% $%U 9
.*-)%C0,#(
MGW@.<#GCD#\,U7_LV:1<RW2K)LVY@B '.<@$GO6E10!3GL1





9R

'!X..AK(;3=3\VX98[/;)?






^T\83!&5'/'7IQR 64



MDZ9  )__ %'TJ*XM;][JVOXTM_M

IPI4X.%/.5Q^.?:@RG
MBR-Q/%()X_*G6WW- ^TL0

M _

DX.[IVJUI&G3

.
MM5[7Q! +








.WKWQVH VSP




 3QSQQ]1CD ;+KFG1#FY#'RA/MC5G/EG^+
M@G'-5]?U=;/3+@VDX%TL'FH1$9 !U!..!G! )[^O2JUMI6IP6\
NS&
HC8SG!QCC'0'BM.W22.VB25E:15 8J
MG'85DVVEW:TCE\@QV#,\)5SF5MK ;OE^4?-VS0!:36+!8X1]K,K2H9(PJ%G
M=1WJ

ML;8G;YBQ!&/D_P!D?F?3ENGZ/J5C!;A3:LXM!:RJ9&P I)5U.W_:.1@=N: +

V^



+7



W\@UJ*U B-M);-
) V2


CCFLB_M[N
M\LO+LK-A$ULJA_W?F
5;[C
3TXX(R

MW(P05//TQGL ;TMY;0SQP2W$


60NQ03C( Y&./3OUJPEO?1W(N?[.D=8KR

B






\/17
M$&GM'=6SV[^?*X5F4Y#.6'W2?7'X5GQZ5=RV]I:&$VQL_



MD%_9F2*


M$
R() 63ZCM5&^UF-+%;K3I;6Z03QQ2
LNX*&8+V[\CCBLW3](FMK1DFT]Y[





EQ



M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444

MI:** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH *KS6-G/

%E^A-6** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

'CK0!-!

M !4

&*  G.WK].M35FW%BTM\UQ);6]SE=D8E.!&O4]CR3_(4


]\L



MG7ZG&: -R*^M9GD6.=6\L98C[H'UZ&J;Z_8K;7$HE5I(=X\D


M//SLP&._3^5 '66ETEW$TD:NH5RA#K@Y!P:GK.T12MK
K#!%Q+D;BW\1[GDU
MHT %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%

M!$SQNT2%HL^62HRF1CCTXXJ2BB@ HHHH *K2V
4LA=GN 3UVW$BC\@V*LT4




M  8&!T'I4?V:/?





D8Z*W&#



@E0
 ?4Y]JK-
MXH:.Z



5Z$Y7'YJDOA:WE\[=?7G[ZX%RV
M#']\=/D_P XH WJ*2EH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B



C;NVALCW7YQ^(]J:T=P9K^+RR%FDS'@]?D4
M;B?X0/J?PH N6MR\C3B4(HA(4L.A;:W7L
U5O+Z6&ZM(X[FV*7$QC;*YVC
M8S?WO50*ETOS8$^R7

5(G(CG:1WQ




M:-336LD\4
MS


M?IBJ.I6\\E_J12VFD$ME&B
A &[
O'49ZCUJY=1C[9#'''*6DG$K
%R@VKZ]






M#M8LPV*#C(SC(/(]* (X[N[=_LRX\Z#[Y;CS
9XSC&6X. .!^%6YWNCIS.GR

M1SZ-R: 
O^T+GSY(OM
^Y&*X\L98D J!\G7!K9WRI9IE7ED*@

M@6UE)]ACFDM5
[A=Q



EDGDM








NHW$-Q(Y2
VRMY9)8\







5QN*;0I&TJ=K YZ\@\UE-I9^TVF4S'
MYK9+Q(78['.X\=

MMA;F!Y\@.))@F.




M0 4444 %%%% !4+SJDZ0D$LP)SV4=.?J3Q4U9%Y;A[]C)$[1MM/S3 *[=@!G


L4;



MF6W1@X;8'*X;/MM_

BE


M
JJ

M3]X9]:Y^QMS+!IHH#]DD9?]H@IC=[9K2M4/]I79V']S$#M X/SD_SH LM?


X_=





%CEMH.
]#
MU^E8;1/'X5U+S-@8V)7:O;:C+_2KXMRVIS
L

T :KRJB

A
M\R25C%&K)N VX)88Z=3^([T =%%)YL2N%9=PSANM5QJ$)EF0AP(91[8X#%5
M8?A\PYJ?:FG)#

#'/'4 5E08COM2

M?9VVE0#N\PEO?[H!H VFNHEG
3

M?T-8^MK-)=2!8OD


6 ?
M:)/





'ZBL:VCDAN;)X(5+
DLA7&T[7D0_H
M#^F*M.__ !
;JU


M7 SPN.I;W_A ^IH NBWB6X-PL8$K+M+#C(]_6HWL;5W9VA4LPP3ZCTJC874T

M9V\;HZ1 
GW3Z5


S(TL2.4.5+*#M/M36M87617C5Q(
/NYW#
MT^GM532I93&L+@-MC5WD\PMEFYP
C_\ 5Q6C0! EI#'%%&BD)$VY1DGGGU^M
M
&GV@MY(/(3RI'

MO


MWN2XD1B,%HI6C)_%2*2WT^WC*)YK L'/FRM(21TY8DX]JMT4 1R01RMN=





B)D3
7DWG=N) '.?8 ?058HH KO96SQB)X$:
+M$9'R@?3I3(-+L;

%Y%6Z* &&-2Q8##D8W#KBHS9P-#Y13*[@_4YW#D'/7/'6IZ*

$4 811JFXECM
M&



IZ* (3:PM<K<^6!

M@M8[=)%CW_O&+
=V2<DYSGJ:GHH C@A2
MW@2&
$(@VC)R?SJ2BB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ K/GM6:YE
ME




MHIJ.LB*ZG*L



M-L$*J?



MVD(5M[(1(

-F&\MKAV2XAE=#AE1P2I]#BIZ 

K<3PATGA(E
:*AA()8;B7.[EF

PSSDXQVPHP*LFSUS;?@2R[G(V


BVU:.)
Q:A+(L:X99T3


9');Z=ZZ:F-+&


B0A6_P!TGYOTS4U+10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% &-KK


*[O+V*23RF


*RN=0V6C7
DSL^Y65+=@
^ <@5

M (#D'%5OM.IB+!EN_(

M_:6(*G]WC (!XSQ@YP:1[S56MB$:[657F$1^R\2
'.Q7^7A2NWYACOSFNEHH


M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H

 C@# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *



MR
N5/F*JMDXMD8SQV';'_U^M/H **** BBB@ HJ-Y8XY(T=@&D)#U(&?Y
MI* BJ8O2=7-B86 \GS1*6&#SC %7* BBB@ HJO=7:6ZL /
F$;2+$I 9P
MN

P

8W#!6*DCU

]]=VQA:/[/LPQ8'?N!Y '3I5N@ HHHH **** BFN6
4 +
M8X!. 3]:8;B)79'D571-[C/W5]?IP?RH EHIJ.LB*ZG*L


M3U5O;U+
1@QO++*Q6.*/&YR 6.

?0 5S[QWEC=:

M1;E9/M$EK(Y50H^3.PKMSZL




MD!@6P%5=YP3R

5)NMRIYA'V.


M
L*I=2^6CQ
V#V/:M:B@#D(K9FTT6L^E2
&N;@QM/$71








RJ
L0!D#D]SP* .1D








M



L\.DW
EJ'
JID;!
MEAZD#N0







M4 )UK#CNK8^-)X?/B\PV4:!-XR6#.2






LLCJTGR

  YX
MZU5?4$2PGCN;D!(M5@\OS)S)A
QM]]N3_$?S[NTHH Q=N(9K_65BF1V%YD
MA6!('EH/Y@C\#6AJ;B/3;ES.;?;&Q\T$#;QUYXJU10!Q\-W;/Y22ZQ+B;3A*


$X)(Y!]

?+0@\G:00
[1D$8S6O10!R%R




M Q+:[U&33=)NC?9:]=!*&B7Y05)PN 
=.^:?!=WR^2\EZ9 M\UJRF-1O7) )


?V*R#*?-*^4F0?[
MV







3YBHB[7/0YQP: 


L=K LA8N76
 [CP3GUH R7O;JUT;^T/M


M!Q^=:$=C8VWG/':V\7FC]ZRQJN__ 'O7OUI(K#3_ +'Y
-I;?99/FV)&NQL]




MI#+)9S





M;:
;CF3D^]:2VELB1(EO$J0G

-*L8#M


YVRH&&?H::;*T-RER;6$W




_,!C /'L
M/R%5=.T**SO9[B1;60O('AVVP4P#:%P#D\8 Z8[T 5M/N]5O=0:?S;=+1)Y(
M9(6D^8 $@8&S(;@'EB#TJU8;-(.?]
G_]!EKH#96IN&N#;0F=EVF3RQN(
M]




LR2 O
]!T'3V'Y4 9-W
MJ%_%+J#BZ 6TO((T18UPROLR&SD]'/3'(_I)=0G76[:..\DDMYYY(7_ ':+


M&=V
9SCKCB@#FK:ZOX[:RL[:\+RW3SL99I$0J5;[H/EL



9YS]:V/[+T_RC%]@M?+*A2GDK@@'(&
=
G-


;:&QC(7.!P3G Y[T 96E3
7(.<X(^7&

M8Q@NG]X=^/2MR+2[.&=IHXF#DDC]XQD]2HSA2?;%0IH6GI D*Q2A8W+HWGR
M;T)ZX;=N&?0'% #YU:[T1Q?6RH[P$R0L0X5L=/0\UAV&F^:L$B:6ME:_9+A

(F&TA7*G'U!S3$L8$L?L2^:(-NW'G/





=SGGTQ6_+;QS6S6[*1$R[2$8KQZ C!'X52_










M:)$V8%W+ X).22R9W9XX/?//- %675=3@AOO
-KYL%@MVO[EA@_-E6&\_P!S

M\_-C/!.3WZT#0M.#.1 R[XA565PNP= !G Q[=\GO0!EMJFH7,31Q7$217T

H8
?P/3UXSWJY_8U


M_IJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

MVZ
I* BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B





M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !

J2

M
[0@_O%4
1CL20/Y&B&5)X4EB.Y' 93C&10!)149GC D.[_5?? ZCC/2E22.





5'-=P0
.*/S';9Y'/).!^IH DHIDDL<6/,D1,]-S 9IL=
MQ#*Y6*:-V R0K D@6BD)P?3TID


MDGK^E.\Q

M:*AFN(H)(4D8AIWV(




*1)$'58B6&



MU..M0V=JEI:16Z_
(U !(Y.*


M7RT CX#%LYR.ORCI5G1SYVFR2^5&TAEFC'RJNX+(R@''L!5X6X%Q-
'8-*BI



T 5
M-+8RPFYD=D66(2.H*B



MRQB
'*1+%DGJHZ9IES8QW
C
[


MLT0A=
@2

MS+.TTDK. HWD811V'XD\G)H S]2A22[@#0I'%YA);:NYV SW[9_
_J_30C:C

DN
\[3GGWJ]IB



M


(X_
E
M$MO$&B )8E2A(]



M\\=:6XMDN&B+LX\IBPVG'..OXT 9UG;*;RZ!L+73*!T^0;%/'R^IS575[=

GT%6G4W.H2VL[)Y82-\
M 8+<N<9]/E'^35C[#I@*;D
C;3%:2/Y)<P9W!RSDX&?_ -526/G2W=X-Q@\IU55SNX*ALG_:)/)K0M8%
MMK6*!22L2! 3U.!BHQ:*KW+K(ZM<,&)!^Z0H''Y4 ,L#/- DTLV=Z_=@8/K
M52X@QJ$?E;Y6AS/(0%#;MNP=L9*[ORK0M[?[-9QVZ2


3ZYH IV=V'DN9WG?[.D:

M!E93D$'O4%M9+!%
K2R3/






02!Z\*.1QS0 NI
&Y*H6&$R$4 X&X#<Q


MIT)W(B(5^I+9YP/0536W;[3
L$


M\O\ =^/YBM5)GE639Z
N /
& WO0!1N-3

+SDJ%YSQSFK

MQ

EN
J1^((JY&6
:EP ^!N Z UD7





M3 QVXS\V.ISP








 78@X/M5!;0?8)(5L



M9W/[O;N..#[_ /UJABM ENDTKR  1N45

5DW6Z&P9&AN3


M'/' &

M _(QQGMR :K07T\DD:E\YN'0C'\(+ =O8=Z=J


L23T QWIR

MHHH **** BBB@%[NVCN$MY+B)9Y/N1LX#-]!U-*UQ MPMNTT8F896
L-Q'
MJ!UK


MID6




?ZCD]#WJY&JOH2.&C\M0[








M@J3VST'L*D!# $'(/(H 6BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH KBRM!=F[

^Q






M0D$?R-2T4 -90RE3T(P:@:PMFMV@:/*-C/S'/''7KTJS10 R2*.6)HI$5HV&


.!HY6

H4CA1ANP]:OZ1;RVUH(

Y!!!R




M@(&3^)-2WMJE[:/;R

R37I$O1;+82S&-UCG
*R.$8@'
M@[-I R

MF/-16&V0@8!.02#@#H1TJ!=!1=-DL?MUWLDF
Q?]WNR6W'^'&-W/3]* &R:S

MM1054 L6(&
GJ: 

)

MW[2


M/E?;A 
XX4''/?/\ZQ[K0WM]/BM(7O+NW$I=DS2


@Y.W/)!Z C'?M3H?$'G7OEK93&V#.C3JCD*5SD

X]J 


2JS@':K-M!/8$X.





MV\UE+$NL:*/XF8A0/S(JJ^HW40BBGLT2[FE

*%Z$]N: *J

XZ?E3H=6'[+LU\_P!&=G3/E\[NH/R=
M%$(J*
M*HP* 


MJTN7
W0U;[?5Y;D1SQS;SY<O[AX]O  R1Y@R!R!^![U<BT.

#M8OMR!








9'KQWK2@




K7:A1Y;(K1EMC(P
M;*_-@9Z'C/OVH L)J\;;



?VQY(U9@OR
F[(/)_NG&
M






ZQR0F4N^U2O('()S^AZCMS6G



HXZ5IV=FUK/=.9MZ3R^8$VXVD@ \]^GM0!4
M\17$MI8Q31WC6BBXC21P$(
P#$[@0
 DU6T_5IM]TJ&;58$D5()X47+D@E@



OL




MX5JCISUH Y?4=2GL[G4E76&^T0D-;6CI&?

M52;1)9=2%X;Q=R3^;'NB+
@VE2N2V

&CPCRH%PC
M%=P[YZ$'.

!
M2P(RO?!'XB@IH.L&33K.Y2X::6U


MD!7[N3G.X]V/&/3TYDUBQEU&R%O#.D!\Q'+-&7^ZP8#&1W _#- #!K$)68&
M=9HI1#Y)[V8@

MDT.:2YN+@WJ+*\Z7$)6$CRW5-G/S?

MKVZGOA#$=DH@=6\W9OV
24R.03Z^_6H)=
99M/FMM)N%9;SSYC+.LCJ-I4DE

MHJZK*ZAE(92




[

MV8942RJA/TR:P[K3]1ELHKY/M?VU)Q.+
F#:K9P1NZXVY'WNAZ=J;?B:YOKE
MH[28QO'$+I5
3
A7+ 9

MQG@?3FE2^

H]ZPVTORKS3)K;2I\1W#S2F299'3<A'


@W%NN

1R




M
8.R,@.




MY.[J2


N%+$@'Y0





D X(7%1KI
\
MQ@-]87
L
EI';R0I=;#&5)!W!7 93G/4GVH Z47











M[@AGDW'R5D0

].G6ETZ[^W6

X^4CN ?49!/^\*MURUPM_;_8-5;
V)

M 4@ 9W8! _E5>&9;.Q^QVUU%?-;30F5X) 0=OR!F(Z XQG@4 =E4
M^5PBY R?4G _6N1.GQ)H]U)&FJF64()(3;F/#ALYQ&J[CR?FY![GI4M_9Q2I
MJ




M7[
JSH4


87$88;ONY&T$ IP._OFFZA:FY\.7


M9*@C@CVINH6UK=:M.UW;%XO/CD-Q-;2.4554E!AH0\YR1C)R.] '844E+0
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% %6;4;6X261E=V [

M



%Y*#
DR







M6[FX


Y:1BX+9)QPIZ94<=L#I737<UO;Z$T

M]N3\Q'?^+Z&K





M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444




K#((.0169J:K/.EJHF8R@^9LE8
M *
9&
@9.?RY]*2R7=
P:&[PDQDS':@ [C=S^O6@#4=UC1G=@J*6)Z 4H(




M1M


LW;@G)SU/YZNFNGV((C2LR#YC*I!
M+=3U_ID4 6C(@D6
NH=@2%SR0.O\Q3ZYZTN;B\N]%N3Y?G3:=)(^00
DPDXK

]O


RYR

FGUEJUN(4FB$K+M/

MTUW6-=SL%7U)P*S+90VJ^6H ^S*Y?CNQ&S_QW-+JML9(%A$LC?:)50HS AES

\H-N0#F7*G*Y_D16;=8=

]O=6DX:[1?/0/


EN@'\-7-2.VS8[$D/\*.F[






M4LRA@2O49Z56T\8289)Q

^IH V:9'(
MDB*\;JR


1CM)E)'5N/Y8Z#



?
01G'T)'XU:HH SX]


ZR32
MOO=E7:

B@G;6312
MW#S2+*)64J FW: . ?7FGR0H4D.X&8RXQ[YQ5JB@%8?)C*6P5-S%CG) )Z




M!1110 4444 9EPA_M216X0#/DD;?4E^G3 ]1573UDMYCD1[9'54E9#A\#D

ASO<+\H1P3SVR1S[U!K,MO_:MPCWA@=-/9L)-Y;9W9!R#_GG-


M6X6VU&\M(-18%;#S(UDD




M4VB1R$+


M*
9SD]_2@#K%8EF!1E /!.
-]/\ Z].KE)M1^75T&I[TAO(QGS@A$9V[E##&



M:1&++DHR')X;&?TKD[.03W6B3W=S




MBLG0)S+%-$QWM$VTNMP9D8\YPQYSZ@]*Q[ZZ-J]_&;JY$D6HPR(@E=F$;;-W
M .2O+\=

M*S30HX[Z1/-FD26)YB0QV



6]K=A-1DA3S;9XF:Z\TE6;#?
M



]O=S






:R;J5]5




M6


M?6FNY3J EDADB@N;7RD



+:QW6:3/SL5&I(W9WYZCI



/][ P
_A4=EIUK8+MMD9%YPI=F@]E!)VCV&!5NB@C=Z1


M
^?7FH(] T^+R=B3CR9&EC_ -)E.UCU/WN_/YGU
M-:=% &6GA[3H]NQ;A=C,RD7<O!;[Q'S=3D_G3HMT^'R-D4@%NC1Q@SR$*K=



M=G!ZD9QGFM.B@#-FT+3YVG


MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

M4LO]DVI42(6EC7]W
&9EW8^]WR*SK^6Y2SUAE-^IMXF

M.HHK(U6Z:UFBVM+%Y:Y1V.8I



P

MI;74+Y[BPWRJ([B[GA:
H
A4\S R#U^04 =!17
ZKJ#O.UPMP(X;0
8TCN4#



M][CID_RH VJ*YI[NYF;2G-W;2!KEMK$8W 12 
0#T.-WL2*V-)O1?V


 9_

V]A;W%LT21L'E#L#PHP!P2,
MDX/7H#5/4='9K;5$M[$.UPNR$[P,93;NZ] :Z.B@#-OK:X;4K:ZCW210QR,8
M2P +XPI^NP_&J

N]L6FU

K]AI=Q:ZAJ(!V<K^=!@\J[##<=L'G_@5 &B^H62)
WT+48MN8IH
M[F2\%J]JB6+RW#'.X< ^_S'/7K5S4=
N7\
65K!8

MW/6@#8O-5MK>P:ZBFMI5#[ 3
CGCVJ1M3L%E
37UL) X0H95R&/


=]_Q3





%


445L73(*]6








M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%








@# $$=#
M0!+V'[082X![@V1M(SCKZU



H9
M2

U6
M]5B2: P!09;C]V/4#^(_@

D^E5%U.W:V$PWD$JK
M*!EE9L8!'8\C\Z-94OI%VJDAC$V

3+NC5W!*LP7#2CIE

3MSP#@U1F DT*2.





O*3#A2Q$G

=@!DL?;I^8K'NP\
%\LVQLWP5W'/7GG.*GU$/=*
MSQN8C&-[&4*C$'A

 D98@9./R/Y&K58T*3IJ

'./Y&F27B1SB$QR%V!*@+G(&
_








M^@I]O:PVQD


M8(S
92



M\=

+M'^R

23_
FK-%

@IL)4J1Z$=/2IZ* (7MH'#AXE

O8
M9XD






M )K$L8TXW *J#:O3C S[T ;
.HWDLXB_L\!XRHN!YXS'DG!7C## SV.#TSQ6
MI7*RVR&YUDZ?8R0W+J/+D6U

M_P!?K6]A9?;-+EATYS;Q^8%W0-F,G##@C*@'..F.W:JEA:[-,M;U;&=[BQN
MY$EB82-&SMTWC)^5@WU'KF@#K**YC4]+42VD
86D(MY)(7=C(NX9!QC<



M= N#0!TM%8^BW!BM5CGM_(W2F.(I;O&K@*
':1^[[C!QTXZU=U1+B32[I+-M



D
DD
;(TZ(&*%L8SG&?
G%Q;7-Q'':Q;9+F%GRZY!()&W=
M@K]WKSWS5.PMHXM.M=VF2_91=3&YA^R,P+-Y;%




MM&!D9(#'UZ=\4BQW?V:T%K;7B7DNF/'
YA=2TORX#

M(4R
%#



#;QT]*6@ HHHH *

#)R:LUR=A=)-?Z/+)/+)=N9/M

M!X[?UKJR

+


M)E?
^[=CD87ID=N

MT$D\S!(XU+NQ[ #)J.TNC=*Y-O- 5.
2J!D=B017
:E+$VBZTL5XTVG?9P
M8)6N&;]X0V4#DY8?=X)/7'M73:?Y)L83;R^;%M&U_

F?^!$DG\Z )9ID@C=

'!&16/J@@B\26UQ/(\:BSFY
K
M*N04[9QTR3]


_
P'20\8(/(VG

M6Z8'/'((]:@GUN&]T2PNC=[%

1B)9 ^^1GP0Y&.2<?3_&I-<EB
9X_P#0I,RL%.






ZG;\N%QGG\15B-BZ!F1D)'*MC(_+BN.@O


M97E81_



MV-@G '.ZK$
NIQ7MI;7U\H
L$XD





]U*L48

.<;
M

M\A3@#;P2#C/.: .B) !). .]9LDMIJ5BE_;ZA)##%O83Q$  #(8_
.#SCZ

M0J(?)VID.

MAM+=[BXD6.*
99VZ 4]6#J&4Y!&17



VTC^(A%'7.

.* .AHK/TJ\-Q:R[_/
L#[)$F50ZL%!
MP=O!Z@Y''-9UE?WDW]FSFY9UU#




M2 R!-@?RQG;Z9]/:K-% %9-/LDM6M4L[=;=N6B$2A#]1C%*;*T

MB7RQB


MXXXZFKE% %
Z5IQC
9T^U*$!2ODKC .0
8]33X-/LK:;SH+.WBEVA-Z1*K;1






;1M+8G=IM


MWJ0@&&QC(]\
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

T;N%!*9^7[H Y'/3O0!?HK
B^VPZM%')


G'US0!/16'874\FI7;OY4:2LBQN4



MY=US9?)(HD?Y6SM(^1C@C\.GTJNK

M[F.
.0*MREVOV5 R


MO9

?SR*=]K;[0
%*G#DC\NE$MVZLL:6[M*W(4LH
MR 1G!S[U);W/VC#)$XC(R';&#SCUS_2@N^G!S=H$BGMUA&.2/OY/\ X]4A


M5I$4[MN?_P!1_*@C)I1V3P1JJPR2!UPQ&WJ!G')Y7..

M *$-A=1:-IUD/*+0K)26/&PJ3CCG[OM6C/LZ;)2A^\H.-WUJXOXXI(D1
MHG
A(_U@&
 G^E



G;TIUG?Q7([T64EP(P^20K

;





F?<XR<=A4JW$373VP;][
M&BNPQT#$@<_\!-4;C5UMV8/#DJCN=L@/W<9'UYH L6EO+!8M&2HG<NY(Y 9B
M3^(&?TJ,63HJ*L=N1&@C0L3M&
 _D*EM;S[1YC;55$ R=^
M13V\:M&WG

MP

IXST&3^%0RZHJ!62%F

9$0P_.
+G+X(Y]L$^]5I(-1:]CN-L!$8(5

IID4
M=O'*[1+&LDOS,5 !;W]Z ,ZX_<:M-+&D8Q1LW'S')DX'N3@4EC%+'=PQ12(
MPM[:)).X/W\X]\@5HM]F\[S&



NEI(0!C
;93!


MD9@

MW!$$*1@DMA5P




;-O!B (RV.G?K\QK7GG?^TF1F1$


B@
W;KWI\T<)*

G./6@#-U8-B4Q
MD/-Y3 *








M_3/2G





M


MWZB@#G=2@\WPY8;%!:.V+?1?)(/8]R*C2*9!;CRGV-=NF%V8?!DZC(R?J

MU BC  +@+M QP!Z4T6\JBB) L;%U&.%///ZG\Z *=U-
6LH2HC
[?-OY(*

(D3
M:;EB=P,9.?7D$U?:.(;W9$Y7#L1U49X/MR?SI D$SQW 6-V_NY  2 ?0^]
M $M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 9NM
W]GW8\



C

M@A-AJ%OMMH]L\:PAE(4@A69B1CG. .M79K0S7.]F'EE K+C[V#G'TIS6SO?)

D2X_M.1FD\M=RR2
4,QXP2OWL^^2/\BKJV<@=6





XFCDWF
$[593
N1W'3CV'I4DEG%+=6]S(J
MM- &-CID8- %BL+4BPU8A<?.L:MD Y&V8G^0K=JM+9I/*7E]
+MX(]\^OIZ




M'[Q[8/IV'I0!#=HW]@W
BNX




MENW9-PAD=IV'R1@C&?4\<#W_ /U55@V @L[FXD55VKY(OC'!..OMW'KS0

M+(#!8W#9&2.
CMS_ #%%M=-

TQ
5I*T41*S?=R#@$8

M




M

5UJ'$0DS;.ISC[R^@- -J%R4CD6'$;2*A9U ZN%[.3W/Y
M5.]Y(+QH@(PB
-Q8XPNW.
J.
'U[5;N(K



_NY%/RX/W

\Q
D*\J$&1SQTX Y
M[T 7X+MIH#-Y)6






K( H9U
M
*Q-O(#%0V21Z9QCVZTZZD-Q9QWD$\.QD5XA*
J

0$ICM9OW
8.


=

ML\]ZQUCG:%+@P/Y;P(WRE





MTV-;&&*5MR@*

M4 Q[?
:LWO\ QY3_ /7-OY5D!6.K6+_:GV+:2@OM7DF/ Z=\'\J -8W(DM'
MFMB&*[@-^5!*D@CGIR





+221?

MHC
L66#MG *$=/PK$U#R2-9
AA#J
KY@!/\ JE^[Z&I[%H6OT$:P*ZEU;R5


MCW



MO@21MR.G(///!-7;P.-




MN$P-V45R3DGNQJ-PK2S1-+FYE0
6



A%ED
M?]\0V$R=O7/M5!%CM4M7:




MY#WIEM'
UY(85F 6^S(?




X[?C0!MPR1S0))%@QR*&7C&0
M?:HY;N.9I'VK 
O\IX&

*.2-'<!I0ON0,X_
M('\JS)'6;2-2FC9C%)$^PG'S_+][  ZGCWP#2 )#,L3V<;)&P61A&,;N0W3
ML00?SH UU97!*


M)'




MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** $J.U@6VM8H%)*Q($!/


MA*N-P 'N




M E-A)!!'J



N6&?
MIBM5+O=YR-_



ACC+;
8S


HRKJ5/MD8X_.JYTRW9F


MN^\J]2-=^$QN54^^3V!/H
L?I]: +

ER8)44D%F?YN8P3\JD8]/Y&G3WK1:@\)=%0

TGF'/8X



M/^WPW7\78U/! L'F;23YCESGU-1VT[-


M)=7+3;ES@^:W&?QK/359=US=2%!:Q@J/O%?ESN;(7\/PJW=74L%HOFRPQ32O
MM1L_*!USSZ#/^30!:$.U%19) %_VLD_4G-

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
Z[M\ZK83*C
0[9;KM&QORYI]JQD



U=NWN'WH
ML


X ()Q@=V/..U/DL4_

45E!L4N5+
W.6))))]SU-47CG2\%X;9W

M!T]Z?10!SU[9^9H&J

[V)''2K-%
%I=! MO#ME0(8F8#* 9R&]\$XY[C(&:M$--IL*V\<T<4<R(
MR.-K%%8;LYY['IU]ZUZ* 



MGR6TL]V\\9P-R)@L5RJ[L]/=OTK1HH RHHI%U*%&5SL





M1''#'&ZD9PSG /?@CI6E10!E2P,^IN)I)G185*D( 26!QP1T IN@VODVTD



M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% %-=3M6U$V 




=



YCOFLF
D?GE#OR

M@



M=-;


CG'TX .LI&
M8*

MC&T[@OX]: .FHI#TKF;.ZD?39[B&ZEDUE8'\VT
I(63_ *YG[H!'&
 ^^: .




LYXQI%AJ;ZC.Y6Y32M=-LV[B/F&=HZCMZ4 =;2;
M@&DC)Y ]:Y=+]0ICDN+E++[=)'+


2#D $YQF@#I48LH)4H?0XR/RIU<E::C'<6^GB^U5+
M:2!L3K.4WS!NC


%X[7-K'J&I2Q



P$(D!5@@X(*C.X






0?#9Y.
]B.1^%*]QJ&Z


I

M &Q2

#?&F02

M/:=90J!EX;Y3@8P0..

M3RRN$C12S

*O

M)

PZNIYV^FWO0!OPQ+!$(TS@9))ZDDY)/N3S2R21Q &1U0
P4;CC)/0





M/!YZ 57GO+R;1+V*ZGGBNEA60LJIL8$G)1@
%#Z'YAWH ZJBHX1MA53*92!@
MNV



ME#@'([9]*EM;F[
#![N66XL?-\]-L?[PC[@.%XR
$8Q[T ;U%8NA3ZE.5GNI

M56GC4
&PCN/)$99MW
M\6[CD=2.GYG3TJXU&9IAJ%IY(7!C?Y1NSU& [=/7/.: )AIFGJ 18VH@ ?N
MEX .1V['FF)IFER(&CL;-D9O,!6)2W][IU]ZKWTERVO65JLD7V66&5I(WCW


7F1BC.
M

M\E
A3G(Z=#D_F:E73K%$B1;*W58CF

U5
MXW.,9*@CD?6I;31K*W
;6V

MP1(%A8+Y6




6EL[=R7\PEHE/S=



2#R

MJC  & !6:NI2C6FLY]L*




M*7YEVY)


MK&WF$T%G;Q2A0N](E5L8QC('3 %






M[ARBC .



M(!Z@$#W-/%C:*DJ+:P!9O]:!&

DGVZT$4)4-%)\HSGJN
2
MT@=X


M$31

M




XZ# QS\N!P
8J_10!A3Z&7U.
MU




59/0J

!
.TP*5C*
5V@]1P?8


$D?C[GU-7** (+FS@N_+




MAUDD N)!EEZ'AN
8&

H0]5P6P1]?0

%'HN2=H]AQ1=Z?;WDL$LXD+P-NC*RNF#ZX!



\KU% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%,DECB ,LBHP4%CC

M4VZO;6R17N[F&W5C@&60*?QH GHJ.&:*XB661)8VY5T8

MH **** BBHTFBDEDC25&DCP'4,5R



DER\Y(FP






M




M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

MN'8 8):-EPO#=6#?F
^U6AKEQ+J%Q;Q?9D18RT;2.@]
-C?EE.?0#WYKH**
M
BVU8SW-H!-;F.=3@ ?.Y!() W?=X'(W YSG'6NS67]N78U;RA+E?L@F[IM&


%0
&4;^@)*D9/(SGM72T4 9=[J$3Z7R8E:\K'''(H
M
@/W@I) Z9[UFPZQ]DT

ZL8U!.W=\X&2H'5@
YY)XKIJ@NK
M6*[C2^8 #D&.1HR#]5(- '/Q:_?.Y+/97$D$$

M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
-BB@ HHHH **** /_V0$!
end








begin 644 exhibit10-20x9x1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!# ! +# X
A .#0X2$1 3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

BX!R
O@8

H
MJ&ZG-O#O$,LQR $B&6)/UP!]20*H+KUN_P!FV]T9+B22-8P@RKIG<I.< _*

JL2K8RI!((./0@BH#JB+J$=I);7$?FNR1RLH.
MP!) YST!YQCCK0!?HK(&OQ&9%6RO&CD5W2944JRKU(&[=^&




&KVD




4 :5%9::Y!*

M#JUK!'/;FUM!



MH MT5S^GZNUIH

1M;C-O$)L_)




$$8X
MK.L-4?[8RPWCZK:BW

M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !4

M%NK&
!



MTADE(9R%!V


=PRQE/O
6(QD]R?P
MQ51]$D;4HKU[L.T





MX SP

GZ 'T[4 7)-.N/MR7L%XJ3&
13!



DBS?;(O/
Z32-Y!VG:

MYTS2C;&4VY[=3G]*M1N)8UD4



MR 1^.*5=7LF64B23




C.





'J.!S4@UZR
M
6(E*Q[ J@YZ9/)[


R26*V;Z@9(?+D0B2+(RQR& ! R#W(/MBK
MH+C

O]0EFU:#3K2XD@\V!I1
D!D!.5


O'% &?#H$]LEG';WL*QVEQ).
MJFVX^;=\HPPP '/Z?2IY-%D+%X[O9(ERUSWEY%@00PS\P.3Z5J0RQSPI+
MZO&ZAE93D$'O534[]+2!D$NR=T)CQ$TF
?Q$#H!ZG ]Z (FTZ[DU.SO9+R(_
M9XW1D$!&XMC.#NX^Z




M/O#/*C\/SJW'K%C(\*+*^Z9V1 8G!W*

'C(YQ1-:SS:
M8UL;GRYFCV^=&I7!]0








YZX_0T 9Z/<:[$;I!!<0R*T:RLRL
M[?Q;



M









C%0
]^ :I7NCO=



MTH HOI$IU%9H2D$;#$IAD90Z[=H!CP5^C9!  '-
M=+O8H[..7[.PTZ
K;LL

M9:VSVS_.Q&#MPP^7G[O3CKUI^GZ7J%C'9_/:RO!9FW;EE!.05QP?3!/XX[5L
MQS1RO(L;AFB;:X'\)P#@_@1^=+)(D4;22
%1 69CT % &#IVDZEI\=HR?99)
M$M5M98VD;;A22K*=O7DY!'XU#_8%]#;W-K ;=XGTY;*-WE8

MGH/7C:M]0\_4[BS\EE$

B3

MZZ3J


%B]
MHY)8;LXQ\N.1A0#R



ZVICM;1K9R
MDK$DD@@@%1_='?N?3GH*;#+'/$LL3!T895AT(H QK/2+J-;&VN'B-O82[XI5
M8[Y!M90&&
G/XYXZ2

]YI\]K!):7



C8

MK%I+--0WPQ-#EHXC&1C:1E5W\X/3C..W36]M%;)MC#'U9W9V/U9B2:FH Y;8
MC07

FGW$\;:@6 GAE90O#$8RZY!&.0.#Q@&FV5BNS2&N]/=C;^=&28#E,'
M*D=2H&.#GZ'IGH[J\CM'@617)GD$:[5R 3ZGM5B@#D[6+-G8[LKB6P3SEEA
MDMW=@Y;*
4(W


M8AU78Q!!RPQ@?UIU '(VD5SY.E7)@FDG2*%XKBV?((/S%7ZH?7/# NIAGC
MG




*T80O$TC !=W( # CGM@



M%)9PNJM:OAY 6)/(Y?!7W_*NKMUC2WC6&(11A0%0+MVCL


MBMTO8;P/Y/F@H1N$D+QGGV8 U9H XZQ1XSI\D5I=1W!N;E9':UD!-O*9)7

M**** BBB@ HHHH *CN-@MY3(NY-AW#U&.:DHH YO3YVL=0BLX[]+VS56+3

MFMDLP;YCD#..@../K5RZO8XDU6&#4FV))Y)NS!6(W 
3\@/KP%SGBNFBE2



 P! 92I_$'D?0T^@#

M SLS@C822V
@]^U=110!Q[W\*/)+)K

MMQ]E75V5(M3\D*;@

;D60$KGID=J


M

^1);FW*HLVS:1V(!YZXP


!U!&0:6-Q+&LBA

M 





M@D=L56BNIGGC;[5(NI+=
LUL93M$.\C.P\ !
'=CKWYKJ** .-TW4PHTQUU-







M=0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%

FKDLEW-JNIP/=D6\%NDB1)&H!W!P0Q()/0=
?XZCZ?9/:K:







84J


*JC  ] * *VK(SZ5=*L
MKQ'RF.]




MF0.G _*@#G]*GNX-.TJ.\5A/89\MT4B(J@PPQ@D9X.3U(Z4MO<7ES)8W9OV


:KY8PJGJHXZ'TH QK+4;K4(M.B:\^S23V?V@R(BY
M=LC@;@1@=2
9Y'(J*/4-2NX0_P!L6 &P
X\J)22X.-P+9&TXZ8Z&MPZ98&!(

NPLT2DE?3..GM0!):2F:SAE;&Y

ME_U@6


M:S;O?.HLX I1E3


M3QR.?;M4::1IB!0FG6BA&WJ! HPWJ..O YH R4U&\&A2:S]J#%H6;[*R#;&X




!S[4 0:)<37%G
M+]HD,KQ7$L.\@ L%<@$XP,X'85H5%;6EM:*RVMO% '.YA&@7)]3BI: .7:ZO
M+F+3VGOFC8:C+#(\2JJD(),'!!_NC\_H:TM-O9GOWMKII/,96DC&%,;H!E&
M7L

!W1 V.
MF3WH FHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBHYD,L+HLCQ%A@.F-R^XR* 
 ZQ&/$L.W4(WBE=[0VPD!*L.0Y7J#
MN#+^*U9O+Z:ZN-0TX6NV.&$

M=3Z 5;CT6)(RIN;AV$1AB=BI
*'&0ORX[#DY/%-;0XS#%&+NZ4QVYM]X*Y9#
MCK\N

I]L
M &DX6YM2759$_A8JPR.Q'(_N6\-S7%S+IX66\CE$ FN?M
F@0QV=I EU=*]GQ#.@D5<8V_=P

M6;]#5^30X9)2SW-UM
=VRY8Q-G)&U01R<CVX(-;%4;G3$NHUCEN)RG&]
M25(?!)YR..O\..U6T1E9RTKN&;(# 87CH




*SA

2N1\P!/MQT]*OG08O/AE6\NE




#/RX QV %6+&Q%D



EN)M/U/5K



-RQ.5






3-G.WC&#N/4'




6VY'!'8\^M06VM1WW]ER&S#?:99$60.K+$Z!P2#U.0K8( X/X5*^


M(
Y

M[:*Y7-B\AM4*D$@H0PY]&/4CMP#5JZ\4Z9:PP2O(2LT2S8W*K*C=#AB?HN



M









'R





M3Z^M61XBT\ZHNGB0&1G


MRUE$+21--)+M#
J@@ *#QDD]3GITJMK/VVSM$D^WRO&L]N!M4!VS)A@V!R
M.@'2KU]IQN+F&[MYO(NH055RFY64]589&1P#U!J&_P!-N[VS6-KV-91+'(6\
M@E/D.X +NR

=Q_Q[$[=FW ^_P _




WDDA\=@-W'YFJPT:Z64SI?1K.MP


MP:R);A;;[%=?:!&LDB[5 16.


71))=36\:[!



M0F/S78!(TSU)#8/'.!DX[5'=:)Q=;;MXFEF6:)E49@;Y2V/7)7GZTNL:(=



@ GJ .O/TZ4J:)*XU-+J\$B7^
^7%
ML9



+6VGLYC&GVJ%)?
A()1G (PV







1X_-50TS!2K8V\!<+C&._KD]*J+H&H26MI



 C)SD8QG/
M:LN\TG47GO?LZ6IBFAABC

D4L0
MC


8_
\SMMQG/Y5CV^DWMIJ

M^5 $5]JPFTFZGTV8I+!C=YL#*1G!^ZP'4=#TJU:3SOJU_#+(K1QB
QJ%QM!!


MK

M=G(ML)#)%).J':T;80N





)E?=MQG 4EC[  9)]JJZG^^:VLP?\
M72!GP?X%^8_@3A?^!5+=7EK'#.)+Z*WV85W
<C- $EK=0W<(E@

L/**8D#L
MSCACM(_3G)^E6(-GDWGF0+OD*7BX(7@DCB@;^U1]DEG$#LT8W;!P6!)VX
M)P

!VS^?TSTJX


NZ





QWD$3JR1XUD:

\&L

MXKI9O

MGB/WD8]C]  
]\9K*M8X_PSH47/V:

LI']GEDG92WEH
=
9P6P.XJ+5(

O]K6P^U29






\_TH 6VNVGC

U!U:P9E8$$K@@]?


O


MYD$=^Q21\^45VAL@N2%YX!_I0 6&LPWEP(1M5F@CE'SYY?=\OX;?UJTUUBX
M,2INPI(PP!9AU !ZX[FLW3;26VU9T:5ML=G;INC#$&3(Z?_ %^:F6+?K=P+

M$ZXCE?<6&2Q:.
Y_G0!HV5[%=

[@C*&^7/)(XJ/2[4_8X;F1U*O91Q



<

M?-V+YF

UJT 
2*.



M*5XWDC1GC.48C)4^U8EO&WEV?DB8A[)YF19F&Y_DQT('.6]*FDGG71XE@:9)



_BU &@45L;E!VG(R.AI&BC:19&12Z_=8CD



1^6$79C&W'%)#%'!&

MMO B+&L
:H@PJA1@#V%5-/FEFLYS/
F[B@#<PH[FO#$Z
CQHR/]



FK;8+V57B8(9%AQSRB\[N?[



0.!F@!JV]

XW JO.?J1^M$6FPI86ULZ(Q@C5 Q0'H
=P:ACU4L(0RD
TK(2


2-=Q0AFG\P(
MBJPP







M6^\&)RV3W!//XFI6NE:S

KG'')]ZK-?3;W&40)GS
Q


MBG/L

M+;2W0^=]G9TR68Q[N?]D$\?CFF7NHVEV!2?+7S9B%SA
-T]\BE2_Q)(TBD


M047\T;21^5$4C..6$A!//H
8IVFWRW=M68&9HED8*I &: 'VL4ZW-S+.(P'
M*A-A)R .IXXZ^_2F36\QO)I$52LL*1@LV,$%B3QS_$/_ *U2RS2B95A0/M8

MUY7&#SWR/I338 7TDJP0-&T2* X[@L3V]Q44NIW$;R;((W5L?9T9RK2=LC@]



4.X
MSQ*SD*

M+*2.R=FNO.DV*6RN5E;YF]

:2LTD.^
M7S' )&%8=@!G+#'TK3(!()'3I10!S
T44




@E.YO[1/L91XY#S(3C;
M@CMC)/'3BJ
T$AGG( G.YY&:
?=)C5 /KU./3ZBMN@  8  'H* (K5TDM87C

M2VU21]BJDT9
CX&

1Q


 .HQ


M+
YP /4FGTE %8:E8&U-T+VV-N#M
OFKL!]

M TYD_P$'CB++O\ LIA*Y_Y:8*[?KGC%-O[V_CN]87PB6S@CGA01+@Y#Y5L
M@D@D#I@]



JWNH-/YMNEHD\D,D+2?, 0
#9D-P#RQ!!Z5=U.YD6^L[*.9


HA7;M\W9E1U!^I/]: .JHKG


M;TXH UZ*QO$%U/;Q$VUW)%*D









D 8/



M7:WY6*^
D4J3[6DA41HRD!0O1CC.#DD$]






MW

L

ME_X1RSE+0FX:V7;)Y7(&
@-SD\^XS[4 :
MO927

].*I:EJAAM[2:WGMX8+CG[3.
QJ-N


%21NSOSU'39T[T :)TO3VA\
MDV%J8N/D

\



-A9P)LAM((TVE=J1@#!ZCCM61'K%\8K2?R[=X
M[Z$R0H-RF-@F\!CSD8!Y &#5_1[JYNM*@O;MHB9HEEQ(5V@J1R3G]* )9+





M -JYALY9(3=10/)DK%YJ@G.#D+GV!Z=A34TVPCD:1+*V5V38S+$H)7&
$XZ8


MI)/J216;INK7U[J
=V

MYSSQSSS4TMC:3K$LUK!(L6/+#Q@A






M#J
5N%+[D8IUY'][GVX]Z -I;S6.2-;2 )*V^11&
.WJ1CDTL5A9P-*T-I
M!&TW^M*1@%_KZ]3UK

0W*V#\JD
6S_M=


W3M




0


RPS/&6C4JK




 R8=57)S@GKR/05HP:I TD%O#%.
?E!P.%Q4:Z[;L<^1<B+SO(,K(%57S@ @G/).,XQ1#KD4
MPM2+6Y7[3+) P3Y73=D'YO]DXQD4 3'1[(K: K-BT_U/[^3Y?\ Q[GCCG/'
M%1)X?TY%B58YL12&5 ;F4X8]3][G//YGU-55\3P16*3WL#022
X2-I(U+*K8

@T 4FT#37A

PK%A
M\465PDYMHY9WA3S/+A:-V=



;JK*4_P!:

M2C!4

M:%HHI$

)CBE @C:*



KD


M +
6E643RLD.!
270NQ0D]3L)V@G)S@=ZC;1+!K0VI24PD@[?M$G&.@!W9 ]


DXR3U^O\JQX?$
M\D5L_P#9DX

_[.*L6=K#96L=M;JRPQC:BLY;
M]
BZ=%




5(QG(Z=


K][@_
/;WH



*V


MUY[_ )GU-0W?B33K2\2VDE!8E0Q#I\F[&

C
M$
PWMM9AT8KG:2

UT^ZF%NS1LS!44,,=0S!L<]A5@ZO:QS7)N
M%GMWMX4DE$OJISC')4G.1D?3/% #SHFGD7 

KGYAT(Y^4CC&
8P





M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !4-W;QW=I-;2Y



(X7DV@G SM!
MQD]
]: 

PX(R#P.
9.: *]TEX?$ML(9


%('4AB

MW'VF8F$D2-LV8'S?*-OU_P =JLXZYIRQ2RR7'E)$H9C*C)\I. 1D#()[C--N


M]\_I]##-H



L+2#!=DWX'TR*5M2M5





M;TY/

MB@!+W3I+B^CNHK@1
L+PL#'NRK$'CD8.5'K]*S%\
W*6MQ;+J2M'-9I: O;Y
M957.#D



L93[S%B






TGEMLVG/?&.W]!S5

MF


M=IHAM_LT3W/F6MG(9+:/9AEX( 9L_



MYMO(



F@#)&E7EY'K N!# FHA3'AB[)A HW J!VSU/I[

R+&+N NXRJB09;C/ ^





-[:SR%
M(;F&1U4


M:ZD$C(A)5


CD8S3(M-U&/4/MH2U62YRMVHE.TKT4K\G+


M'].* 



M9;J$Q-]UQ(-I[\&D:_LTM1=/=P+;MTE




GSH-F&(4 Y/UQ
Q.

MZVM;:.6[O;9%?@2




(D9M@0N
ENN







M2XBE9.65'#$?7'T/Y4 +9I)':0I,%$BH%8(VX9 [' _E6/)I=^+F$Q_9FBC
MOVNOFD8,5*L,?=//S'\O?C=K)EUR22
6
UO


LNY([9D.8DE9E9R0=P
M4CY


=K
8WBB%TJF)F0KE@

M:OVD1^;Y??;G&?SI);&SFN%N);629?NR-&P^AZT 826%S=1Z\(;0VRW^&@

0J@9))P *



MEG#/8$M8V[1
=R$7.4VX&3T)PQW8Y KIJ* .9CL+D67AU7TQVFLF F.Z/




MD)(SCYCUKH;BSM;IXWN+:&9XCF-I$#%#[9Z=!^53T 8
6GM97&$TYKBREMD@
M$&]6

9(O&XC&IY^F
]N


+7


L
@

QR$*2H/REU&#C@

D\CK70W-E:7FW[5:PS


M_#.A5




M.B@ KGIK.[ \LV#3(-1\_(=,%,YS@D=/SR*Z&B@#FS:
MW9GC<Z7*2FHM,'W19$9&1\W?TJYIUI=VVIOA9!:%7;$I1MK

ML5L44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 5'-+'!\LSK'&@W,S'  J2B@#D;F\EB:SUUQ:+:FX),RW!+-$_R[=NW
M' D@

M7
8DQOC4J5; QW!(_ B@# %P[/KIM+V:YFLL?9T68OM'EC/R@_-@DCG/(]:1

M27]U!

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

MZ*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#*\0H9;&*-
M=C.\R!(9/NSGJ4/M@$_AWI?#_EK92QHOEM',RR0#IW78OM@C'KG/'2KMU:P
MWD7E3IN4$



MO.!UX(Z5T

#)8]

M62
HTS
K80_

6.0DCED3CLO2E-A&=06\:69F0$)&7


M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H


CA4\IR$=W !^4+C


D$D7AAX
M&4F;[*590
DL5Y_6@9[M48H9'#AMH4O&3G []Z;87KR:=+/.PRDTR;MO 
M2,H)Q[DNM.
L3YF;!N$GVJ@/W65L?\ CM0643G1)89(91]IGF &W#!))&(8

XK%5



M
L=LZ

)=LKY+
M?(%^4X/KGGVK0:X'VV.!)822&+QEOGXQR!^(_



] %NSN&EA:68HJB1D&.
M/NL5Z^^*F\^'_GJG_?0JMIBAK'YT.&ED8!UQP9&(X/L:L^1#_P \D_[Y% #/
M/\Q ]L%G7)!*N, BJD-],;BXWJNQ7*K.H*G'//<<C]:NN1 F(X\D]%48R?Z



MSA231M&#S][VHLXKBZD:5%87)



@=NG0?UK*%@EM;RN4D$43NS *6
F


,]O<5
M8T^&:/:^/**(57NK8^8?3H?Q-
U=;F:U^SVL D:4X+














S$C(Z\@U1110 4444 %%%% !

?-G&?P' ]JNDQ_9[S8(
MXB/^J;)Q@XS^M %E[N%()9F8B.(D
O


C)P?R-2(ZR*&1@RGN#D5BZA+
]I=C+;-LZ




3],5<LWD^UW</[S:SDI(26X501ST]



M+S7?RTSMS*G/XXK#A(AL[4(AC*PVZD%64;BX4G'&3@GFMC3-WV0[RQ/G2_

M
5*DQ$X+_*.AZ _7]*74QON]/0J65I6RH.
_(3_

MV&



MR':O'7C/X=*SX!-'JMSY=K #Y

-=H \
M0P






=O:I)+826[PO([!^I.

1C=BLM9B99(9]0GB)D

M!V]:DO9I5N(K9'X6
S



78^I_R!^55+26

UQ!8WLA8+$

M
^]
;3X'AEBE7S%DD






ME26.XX'^L+?3 Q@4 ;EQ:I/;-!]Q3_='3G-3;1G.!D5S


7)4]5/

M5D5G:

&829V'#-CIVQBC57NTM&5&1




@';!(/_ +**K64T]PLD


 C[N1UH TVM]UVEP97^


M:6^N2LX6
P131NLN5QEN@QSGCMSQ0!JK:1Q3&6'


XB
M/0KC.1S@OC\Z +]K:-:I(BW



MQW))^F* -6.6!H77

MYL?FNN\4,3C@D9XS@'&: +YM+=I))&@C+R#:[%02PZ8-,L[..SC*(2V9)'W
M-U^=RQ'TR:J:G+-O%LEU%%YO4["B=SNW#Z#ZTZPO'NG7-W;'YG7RU7YFDK
MG[Q]

M$








C!Z^PH HM9
UR




M
X8X/Y4 9US:2-;V\26VYW\E)9 P&Q4;=S^N

M&\4M:2I'YYD/S1XZ8'?/O5N*UD6^FF(8!F!RTI;(] HP /KGO3TO@]U' ()!
MYBE@[%0


?F/O#


.I)_+/ZU;1]T:


&HV[&#:VX3#(.0





M-*RLV. B#+

M$$:H0%.XAG)'/U'YU?1UD170Y5AD&J[W]NAP68G(&%0GD_A0!%IEO+'92I(K
M1
\LC#.

$+#:NXED*


\.!T('4?YY
MJFVFW+

MRUCE+_-QL_NX!_4@4 )%#


JP( Z=Q52^2]DD;R[-P6B


EM9)9;9PCKL3&
M#


H[J/K4,2S3:J9I(&B
M2

U#;ZA;7$:
LJ*7. C



'DJ!^]*C=N;


MNX4G2(N
OGG(XQZTMO=PW+RI$V6B;##^ON* )Z*** BBB@ HHHH **** B
6
M20?)YES\N1D9R?[V<'H!GKUQ5Z&.2(WB2+M*V

1GYF^O3CV]Z33C(OAZV
*J7\G(9APIQU

&P

^
MU2BW
TF000J!2OYA3]/K6A?[XW6:



M\U-)A




GG??V.5Y]1@\

M\W&57)(65@. !R


T





D@6/R]H#*HS\_YL21UQCN


MNC
M!PVP.5PV?;;^9 [BMS[);E(E



]
D9_

A
5PI'[O./W:]
GCJ?SK4P 

\K=F1][%F+$G

I
X!0#E0C '


[_ +Q)Y/XTEK;16D A



KJJE97*8VLS=0#W8


G ';@5-J\C$!9X5Q)&,$?,7 R#D8





50.EFX2X-]
LDL

.P
M/S8]!Z?7_( 
[3=DMK#
(;B9P^X






-OI@GKGO^E59])^TH8Y)2$#B08502XZ$X XZ<=_6@3]Z-)



[3S\
MQ]L9X[].]





W%V\



MB
 =0

G1K/&72TD( QF-LI@G\?7TK4LRS:E=N65\11*2AXR-Q/\
MZ -HKF86UK+.P+)Y [X&:98W)O+2.<PO7S\CXR.<=J-0B:?3[F),;I(F
M49.!D@B@$ZG$LNQU8*$9F8$'&TJ,#G/SG0WZ-!+-*/+5)FB]<D-M'YGM6
M6L1EE;:0KRI

H$W-)OX!

(\\401PTJ%



6\W22

#& Q8#\34-\IWVLW\$
NY_8;6&?P)% #KJ^M

TLJ(I*@%F !.X5H
M&XB%N+@.'B*AE9#NW ]

C8/R_*!G ))H GBU**

NJCRY8$E\OA!M&
@+P?^




#CG/L#^E7VW%3M(!]2
UC.)6@EF#H4EOHBIV'G#(

TML\4CQON
M)_A*_+Z=3S6)YJ+(([@HKN[%O

]GF+);M<XG





M Y8_D
?4TVV9CJ=RJR





M !57N3628P+@Q
TOV6)XB%(R0Q) X(Z9(/X#WI\ERQTRZ+23

M.F ./:@#1\JV:=;C9$90N%DP



M

M*-SLI4JH'VC:P! R@^;@


M JJHP% [4Y8T0DJH!;DD=ZH:1M
!:&0/#N96+(0[2!B&))/J/2K-](\5G(\9
MP^
 ^F3C/X4 .%M /
VQ(/

!^=*]L#;B


M0BMXDAC'1$4*!^ I[.J#+

MQ**=QV@XQDUS]L3/=7L*LTI:Y\R)@5 X5 3NQU&1T]?K5_4@
A)



EO'@LL:Y( ) ')Z4





Z957

M1Q;/(@

&QCC(.



MV6*/9+

7[?110!I4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !24M% %*6U

Y^G3ZUG1

MDEL$G\ 





6Y)'7T&?P- %J&%($VIGDEB3R6)ZDTL

J


M/PY_$4 -&E;2KI=2QR(

A&/J5[^V:4W*[49(

MQ+F628S+)$-AC.
#'




MDIN(.
A22

.O




$_E[4D-
_X5 VJ$ %8?DD;EL9*%00.#G).!]*E


BK&1M7A

MWLL_D P'
B;F89 7CW'KVJ!=8+7 A$&YO
=%;G \S!'&.?+/&: +5W9XN(
SX\MD20QIAOFR -Q/L0* +36L8$ICB

#N
?ETJ6D(!() ..E
XD<J0N5W+(V.G7FK5[$4M #<(S(5,^WYF[9ZKQ )!(Z=




M LNT'\
C/?%2W!BGG227;]FMLL7;H7(Q^0!.3TY]C5ZC QC''I0!F67E3:9=






-I&QUP

M/7-:=)0!5WO!911(-T_EA47WQU/H!WJG'';I?6-G X:2V4O(!UP%V@M]2?QQ

 ?)T[U
MM4FU2

MC(8ELCKCO[5KT8'I0!EQ!&FN9_

MB-\M[\XZ]/QK6P

GCBK
MFK*AN8DEG5%E5\&0H N
=
J3W]:UNM&!G..?6@#%TN&-;M8XKE7
42EFB*$-

^H-=%1M&W;@8QC% &78KBZ10
MZ%?)W_)N&T\#N2.E59_+M5DV-%&YG

M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** F22)%&
MTDKJB(S,QP !U)-/IKHLB,CJ&5A@@]* *2:WI
CJB:G9

MVMQ%D1B3+(_H!L&




#M]D*+A''\((

W


MSTH Z.H([RWENIK6.56GA 



G:
MI8_D.35;5;E[+2[JZB3?)#$SJOJ0


MD1#;M/(&.1GT[]A0!L6\\=S;Q7$+;HI4#HV






M1110 4444 %%%






(BF@@@:14PDRHN=I[ CMSP!
MQBI=0C273[E)$5T

M^: .@BL[6%I&BMH8VE_UA6
 O]?6EMK6WM(_+M8(H(\YVQH%&?H*QKC4]41H
M(((8KBYFB
X\N

M
\$YSB@#8GM;:X9'G@BE:/.TN@8KGKC/2JRZ7I
ZF1;&RD610I80H0P&.
XY










$;!CWJ*/6-2D



JX!/J!DX'MFN;T][R.T

M/:J=I?OIFEV:HB16N9=TK1
R)AR%4[?N#_:((&* -N+2]/AD22*PM8WC!5&6







V!YP4C.X

158%AQG([CUI\NG6
TC22V=O([$%F:)2
M21T)..U9
VI7-K'?S0);;+ @W*B(J9FVAF9?F^7@]]V



M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %






KY :(YVL01QZBL/2M8^Q:-
M9QW



M

MF



;**.
M;'GXWJV[/\/!&T^N:M?;IYKIX[:T\V.7R99/-VLIP2!CD#//(/IF@ 33(+
M5UGM(V:XCB\J




'G[(YQ(V
XVL   W3N1[U!K3W4L%N;JS\

$]@#1BT6QAM_(C294W
W_'Q)G)()YW9P2.1T

MD' [



$$=Q577Q-+?Z7:^3#-;33
)(Y'(#XC8X(VG('7Z

MNAIOV(+L@=X46Y$DA5


_[



MDT$L2J]O&8H\SR,%0_PX+8(^OH/059MKCS[..X,,L1= QCD7#KQT(]:Y^_U
M(:IH\5RBJ#'=VYQ3Y()D VL.
'!Y!XY]LT =!=VD%[ 8;A-\9(.





N03M(Z9&

800LH5
MS(K)*ZLI/)PP.0.3P#BJ4NL7
VGV]Q8I:2&6X2

O'OK
326T

M-D\JRM&[.JA23*_S@=-XS\__  +-(='LB;O*2_Z9_K_W\GS?KQQQQCCCI4E]
M=O \


ME5FXR!G% &S_ &)8Y)VSY




M-H)HWNKEWEB\GS6*[D3^Z/EQ^.
^].&M:?A2;C:K6_VH
R
JF/CYLD8[CCKS
M3H=7L9A(R3_+'$)F=E*KL/\ $1@CW% %9](DA266[N99OLOV=5=D48['(4

;Q


MJ(P=%89PPR

M#8ZN%O+V&^G'RW2Q0XB(AE4J&ZX.6QDXR?RJVFIV86XE6Z:94F\HJB%RK@#
M**%&3Z]^I]. PULOV(VL;O&GE^6&7&5&


MBF+^22LC-MJD8RV


M53 /.N3%;R&2&'S

7D7EM-)&I!!V

M
HA?(9B


GH?K4D.DI;S
MM);W5S$KD&2




:AI
M9'6.

@;R^2V=P/R=#N;_OH^V+][:)

@COW%9&KZQ):6U[:V[R?;;:U\_SG@)0]3Z8YP?;ZX(




MY.

MFQV




8/3N#^.!5@Z/'Y-J



M$!2Y
9EE




M@LWF8'1&(&3@9.
 ^V:SM%U;SHDAO9P]VT\T0*QE5;8S#'H#@9QG.* )SHT)

M=_:T%Y;7 T^?]\D)D1GA;:1SAAG 89'4'%1Z?=W4U[:K+*K1RV*RE0@!WY7)

%RN

RRB!
MMJDA7/0$@8'/'/?BH!K=G




M .?F/M[52T/5?/MHHKR??=M)
NX1%5;:[# /3. .
YQS[U?MM1M;N4Q0R$N%

M 4444 %%%% !1110 4R5/
B=
XW*1FGTA(4$L0 .23VH YR+1M3CAM@'M
V]
MBUGMW


CZ4MMJ

MT$Y/6J;ZP)=4EM[6[L0EJ1YZRO\ 

.$V\'Y#@G8/7J?3F7^RKN3^T!/#;
)[GSXMMPZL



=:P[=/TR2*42&W1<Q2_*5^8[1V/




.KZ?-]I*7D.+5MLI
@ 7W//3MGU

M@0?H11//#;Q^9/*D29 W.P49/09- &)JFG76H&\FL7MVCO;(0 R.RX.6YX![


MX&?RJ[5:/4+*4PB*\MW
V?*VRJ?

M\: )93((F

DEBD9W(W;MH!


M89Y$

MA4
MA)!/)#=1P3J7Y4
P!( Z\G'IP?3%:0OK0V[7 NH# A(:3S!M4CKD]* .

7

&
4@?'UQ0!E:7INH6MSIK





ME:FXO!''9XFO(KA
S

*FW@_)P3L'YGTYDN]




MI/N1LX#-]!WH%Y:FX^SBYA\\Y_=;QNXZ\=: )Z*** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ JO?IYMC/'Y/G[HR/*X^?CISQ




MED:(Q@''4?
P]10!1L-

_:/-C$L^8V]#L5RN1CN/2J\]E?2WJ
MR/IP:%))P84\H(ZNI^;DY)/?..3^-;-CJ

M/O[M;*V
S#=EE15]69@H_4B@#%M;&]CT?0T-HPFLI5\V

98'UQ


M73YD41YX8C^X1^(]\1SZ=?37=S+]CG6


W3\JZ:B@#FIK*_EEU!A9.NZ^@N(\



M!1\0137&EO!!;27#2.@*QNJD 

MK

#CGCM5QV5$9W8*JC))Z 4U79RC(%
++NW9(/;'&
M/KW]/P 


M&P6Y:$PEG=3&6#$;7*]1]*N4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 56U *VGW 82$&-@1'NW'CMMYS]*LTR66.&)I

MGFLH8K^VBEAO[FW33Y(R98GD!.05! &
X![9Z9YQ6_!JVG7
HBM]0M9I#T2.

Q&
\/@GU]Q5Q+%(+!Y+9-






.F2AST!^E=?110!S6K:*+B


4!FD+JH8KCRVW$YQ@+

D6?
M]'M0Q24_Q

AKJJ* .2BM7BAM1/9RM;6U]*SH

^QQ+'#):SZ6HMKA85O97C01
PAC*
JYP#M&6Z'H#[&
R5&N9
M5C$CB-
_Q

9)SSC



7*P.%#%


JB=U+K'W*CJ: .=TN$


[9(SN_CZ



^V.HIMM937J68U'^THP+6)



L3]T



M3C[P!##D=ZV;?2M.M91+;6%K#(.C1PJI_


MROE+@L.AQCJ
@#GK2\:]DTDR70GDCUXB

M:=E#/:VN?
W*7C7[Y[C/\1X]Z 
I+*;4;K4HRUU<




MX3.TX^96SD\\8%7-6+C2;MHY7B=87(=


M%E!/)&8WDC5V0_PDC)%-;3[)UA5[.W98




$9(_B6MMCM4D G S@=

F%81


M+#87
=UN-^KAHFC4K;L$+9&

'RA5 =#N8GG/4]0
=N]7
MHIKL:A+ILE[

:
%L Y S


M
P10X&8R.


MNV]O!:Q*VACAC'1(U@?@*KSZ3IMS





MD+7C+Y
L*HT:JIMMR#D'/7_ #TK=6UMU!8(@(V+IA!\K'.2/0G)Y]S3/[/
MLMTS?8[?

8(] *??Z
MAJ$




CV;-.M%\MMZ8@4;6XY''!X'

MQ2;MC@JVUBIQ]1R* 

MUJ)DE\L[DSM!=BH.
^!5&:[FO0BSWEFMK^ 1RK$R AL'.&)(Z










MKBM6I-)LI!!F'!@)

M5NY!:W6V VEU

$98BK*0[


G))/S$X))Y]: 



H

MD9Y'Y /0C:

M9'Y?E;4D905R3S@\\DG)YYH ADOKZ*^N;-Y+82

XQU!


MNE/+90PEHR

\=*TK



\








R_NKDW*G?R&)
M/R_[O)XJ4:8%O[J\6[N%DN8Q&0-F$ S@K\O49/7/7F@#.AU:ZE?3%T^SMU@N

M.A&:RKK08[I[MGO;LZA$#JF H]
J3W;_OH^V-.&
Q0I&7:0JH&]L9;W. !
9\P?



M?PJW'JDLF;@6G^@#S

M(Y4\9+?GUX&)8-*C@:14GF^S2%F-L2OEY8DG'&[J3QG'/2@+2M7DU=HWLI
MH%V;TD:.0*1GH2R+\WL









M



9SG/:B'14@:)H+RZC=(EA=P4S




5RKE290S!E/0@#&
=\_A6A=W
=G:37
M



M

N0D
M

M3)=/-[=F!T

M.GO1)X@_TX06]E/.BNJ2NB.2A8 ]E*X 89RP_&GRZ DWVC?J%X?M%N+9_P#5

M921C/S?*2


G\Z *%MK#6EFHN




=
 \YSD=.]7]

7SN!
M^3H=S?\ ?1]L6]/TY=/C$4=Q.\*#;''(P(C'H!D_B30!=HHHH **** BBB




G2B/2=3BDMR3:2+'J$MT?F92%;=QT.3\Y/
M;ICGK0!=@UNSNU'[V6W)N/(0/&5
C XP

L45QO9I#%E5

M\?WVG_7M]WT^YUH N?VW8?:UMEDE:1W


CACG+8Y)&.E;&M

HV?FX4@8
M^;)X&
YK
O-$O7BOX[0PQ)=0NAC


M\EYY


LSN2=ZX@J%QCG;USQGI266BUU*:5K2PE5YFG2Y9/WR%CD

M 3C^51ZUIC7[6LJ0VMP8&)
-T

MVD@6V+Q69@=?






6HQA9MS'
+;=OR\?

8ZXY^N* -J21(HVD


M(R
TJ*:+3XOM1W7+@/*<8

MD T^[O(+-5

0#0!2T[
M52+J\@OI]SB\\J'$1 52BE5)[')/4\G\JOIJ-K)=?9ED/F$D#*
%8CJ V
$C

!\1XW*,XQ
MSQT]ZT3JMF+D6YE/F$E1^[;:S#JH;&W!X!SQ6:NGZH-F8[/Y;YKG_7M]TYX


AR0!@]O6
MLF+3[ZSBM9+F*U:&UTY[60+(SENG(7:,CY!QD=3Z<O\ #CEIRQFAN\Q
2Q7
M0F\M5YG+CKW)- '14444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !2$A02Q  Y)/:EJO?Q^;8SQ^1Y^Z




#7*C/D^8-WXCK7-W.GW\DES-_91;S+^ZB DCWJ%[N


MZ='/.J+(Q8


P(7ZC(Z<9^M96FV-Y:0VXN]/-

8Z_3%


Z%6B&]5*EC][






P&3C/\ ];ZD
M#O46BHRVDDC*5$\\DJ@]=K
2/S&#^-)JEO/+=Z;-!'Y@@G+.-P& 8V7//N10








;HPX++GID=JEK(M;:ZBU9G5)5
MMG+.ZR%&4$YY0CY@3QD'CTK3F=HX7=(VE91D(I +'TY(% %3^U%&M#3C$P#1
MEA+G@N

M[(QAVJ23O&[@XP2!\Q[?@V_$MS?W)CM9C&\40NE4Q

M\+^S
BQB[@+N

M!R/?% &Z+VT


M-6*M=P!A&92#(




T;5/MUJ@N7MTO&
M:3


=W/


M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %


ED$432
&*J
D*I8_@!R?PH RD\0Q?94NY[&
-4W<9+
M
 .
YXS37TISJPCO9+X^4(OLDL$*L
*HR-^TE6!SR 0: -PWTKZ@UO;VZRQ
MPNJ3N9-K(2,CXY&,\CKWJ_7)FU2[UMO[(ED

ME51@X4_+D ?.!SCOVYI;2T6RALT6PGB=-1D+^5 VTJ6?!.T8( *8)_#H: .M
MHKC[2/8]E

80X\P*&*]P#QG]#7'7%LT=I/&

M$''RMROO^7 !TM



D''WNGO4^F-) VD))8

9*Y Z4 ;VFWAO[&.Y
1B+E@4)!(P2.H^E6JY2&WVZ?::G%


M/&=W\?\ $




MVZ;44 ?+NV$Q\@Y&5!!KJ)MIA??NV[3G9G./;'.?IS0 T3!6C24JLLF=J@YS

:JN)FA:)V



9'TH ZZBN;-O+:7]GY



M[RIQP.'''L.A% '9T5RH6-)-1@&F326K7:%(VMY!&!L 9MN/F&X'( /)STYJ


MVL^['TW+^8H L65ZU]I4-[##S-$)%C+8ZC.
U-:W$=U LL9X)((/52#@@^X(


C'&


_J*DKG]9LI)-4::UM0;IK*1(9_+SLDR
?-



M.* .DHKG);V\






M)X- '1QQK%&J(
6E]IENUXLZ2S/'*3$ S#8S+DC@8P.@&?:
M@Y)JEI'=BU:1O.)V@+&Q!/7&0
9QSCKCGI5RN61[S3[.ZFBOGD/]HK&XE1#

C(RGK@A



MW





M)Q@'TP
?C31?7\



L96.9XPPB!
6,E.G ))P?KB
MK+6=J\\<[VT+2Q#2% 63Z'M6=%?W



\CI0!MK:6R2/(EO$LD@VNP0 L/0GN


M(-5_[*TXY_XE]KR_F?ZE?O?WNG7WK
.L7R7269CMVF%V+:23Y@IS'Y@8+SVZ


M'3
;Y_D..^* +=YIT4\-QY*0PW$\9C

*@
M2/'$$\P@8R1S_
UD'7+]TBMX;=9;QY9TW(@*XB?:3M9UZY'&[CWJQ%J&IR7D

;B)Y%! QSM.V0ELC/

M_P OR5V[L8SC&

OU''([T :*6


DK R28V*6P 
 DXZ#C)JU7
M*ZTUW*=0$LD





O


ML.U.^P69F

$WVR-F9\%2#LW 8Y

M\+9 $;-OQGGKCG!XK?H S=
TF.PD





M+
M:2)WFN'CEN) %9XX]@VC.  23W/?N:LC.!D@GOBLS4)KM-6L4AGC2!ED:16C

K:?-*L1MM1R(
ME12'B.TL-QR0W /0#'O6W0!1:+2]/N/M+1V=K/.Q7S2JHTC$Y(SU)-76(526


MO;W0MI6
H+C.W#!0
$?


MGD7 

KGYAT(Y^4CC&






J6XDM;201W$GF893@$D+CD 

\COUIBZY(9I UELBCO%M&

M6NH7E0-(%1=I&02 3W'0=Z0Z])):6LUK9J[SVS7)66;RP%&

M\9&& !]/2LC2YKCSK:2Q3498OLQ:X6Y+X=\#:$








9/(X(QG-7=1NIK2 20PQR?WFEF$2(

M=* );JWCN[=X)M_EN
-L=D)'U4@U5@T6QMWB=8I'


89

HB38
GF\
MW$A(?GY@2V03DYQUSSFGM=I9:3#
REB5C1%'\3-@*/S(K.LY;J#4-6D^RJUQ





MWBW9A2(;0J7DLJN

]


9Z].OT-3T4 4[;3+2UF
L


M


M '-6J* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
Z_NQ]J



M.JY8?






%RN
MG(SC)

8.
#&
MN=UK$T







M

)-N2

7
)D+%-GF#.X#)&/4



M#[=;9=0R_OE^8$X!'/(SQ]: +=%5C?V8C$ANX C/Y88R#!;.-N?7VIKZG8HL
]0V.JV]U;63


M+-



M$X


MFS;Q^4QC\L;BT9!7:V0%Y XQ^55K31+FXTR-;N0VTZHJ(JC!3:V?F*/\V3Z$




MO@5J44 
BC2&)(XT5$10JJHP !T I](3@CCK[4M !1110 4444 %5-1L_M

M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB








MU?[/8F


MW

M.XQQ5^BB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#__
!V0$!
end








begin 644 exhibit10-20x10x1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!# ! +# X
A .#0X2$1 3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

M3F

MP&4CN#3ZC@*M!&41D7:-JLN!VX[5)0 4UF+DYQ[ G^5.J.9I%3]T@9SP
G
M 'N?:@DFIHVKRV@;(2%7V[&W!B3_0IKN[$-DTRD(V/E$@Q^E98M)UU.=8M



S$D#VY 'T-
M6;^*2+3%!#7

M6+B5H8O
$32 $95.6QZ@=ZR9GD:ZCN&0M9J0\YC&0'7[I'=@.
D?W1[XTI9(




ML23CG'S#D]: +%C??:@H*KN.XG##@ X'&2:;+J*PSR^:/W2_*I4$EF );\!P

MNAEE=EP



EW%&_E1J8F:0%



M#06Y5X!


MIT
4\+@RR6$)'FNPW$D$E3ZD GD^P]#0!HWMRT+V\41C\Z=\*'/! Y;]!^HI
M@OI
P;H4 FD\L8D)((R3QCMM-5M2



M&&I7M^=1WZS_M)XO+(DBN\C8YVX/OTICR2&\BNQ'));Q*8\XPS%B
MCT


M'[S=]OL/6L^^A1GNKCR05S%$OR]3O^8_^/ ?@:L6L8^UJT$2-&BE3*1@ =EC

7Z?*.*TH(W2

X9#G:




%=0VLJQLMPB#?C/S.  
?UKIE^Z/I0 M
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %)2U7O0YM76+=



N]@2%)Y('7C\




M]--LSLC14 !W*I?#


\./

1CW
MZ?B30!I6
[
.IWC*X/WA[4DKQPPM)*RI&@W




P_2@L@BN6F5%4S'SE4G#KMDG/H?I0!J%0W4 XYYIDDT
6!+(B9[
P&
78DS)#QDJVWOQQP#CZGVH UW9(T9W(55&6

MNI/

MHSRP01
\[QQQ]27( IS2(K(K.H9^%!/WN

M!YY.







8JX]P=L!WI$[L/D

$D7

M
3P !_GI[TNHWDMOO1
9









M;
M2:T98XIPUL
Y61
MGV8$=_4&GV]P[2/;


M?-P

K/)CGRP/;/OQ3K&9[
MFRAGD4*TB!\ 8QGD5





M]W:1+%(?
D((!3$GR

MW
#(X=N$Y( 'IZ**DGM(YHY1M


MR

MB\EM[
222KL5\&;&

MNX
VOVN)$$ACVR+)N !/RG/?Z4U;6:*WF6&Y_?.Q<22(#@X[@8S^E2

+%F^7[^59?
MPZT3V[R2VY1T2.-MQ7;R







A

<GU%:-O<M/YH4+NCPI!R/FQGG('8B@!'LS(9&=AN
1B3 X4
M'K^?'YITC CC5@&* 8)'?'6LN2\NDCOQN^:.3
 3M&U3C.

M7%S/MS$K
 H//H/K0 ];;&H/=;OO1+'MQZ$G/ZU. !T%8\6H-NM8%EDF:.01
MRR!1^]/E%NPXYQZ=*U+:=;FVBG0$+(H8!NN#0!+1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !574H?/L)HSG;M)('\6!T_/%6J:S!5+'H!
MDT 9;6;V\?VB*01*L8(582S*2=S'@\Y.

8 8MS^



.GOU^F?IEK(T=G'-:RH@M)(W+XP22G&
\=#UQ6]10!FV2YN;R;

20%$4J

NY
M#=:42MM=(RNH


9J6B@#GW@N-O
$H7[


:?$(
MY#B4N6G:!L8<GMR13[]5_<OCD2ID^@!S5RB@#\F*XDDGM[G[)A5C*AV/4
MDY4'.

P0N2

MV5ZJI+*/S('TK:HH RKZ.6YGQ'NB#0?
QC+%06' Q_%Q[U%'YB11YCN25N7D



^E

ME6PA\O9

MCCTNUC@MX=C
EO&(D5F)& 



JR^GQ
XD#R)


1
MYB]FP
J@\BFI
M$GDE!.9  1V&/\ ]=6\:3&55.\Y[G SUP.V<@6BBB@ HHHH **** BB


M\Z'#G^':&W9]P

U--3B


MD#OZ&KBZWYT]BL%G

 FBBE6)@



]JLOK
4?V826URKW+;(TV
MY.


Y.[)(!Z'IZ5*=7037

;2NXJ







M
L(]N0.YY(&!0!:HJE+J#1NZRN9JJ1Y84[BW;[W&.Y. /6L^?4&NYM)GMY







E2#_4




31^48B2VX@D[MW'W1V]?PS;ZPN;:R



MSW].

#




K2H9




M$\:QF/;)%C/S1
/E)]\@YI\.MZ=/L\FX\T2;@C(C






MT +H]B^F:7!9/

EN0V&Q\P.\X(VKV]?7@/AZ86]W''

M


M;J&\MUGMWW1L2
D$$$'!!!Y!!'0T 34444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
6=V@?B: 

:7JBWL$I-G(B7KW)&YD(5E*XZ')^;/;I[\
@TK5$2S5

B9E4;E R6'/(P#S[4K:



M]NMIH)GM[VV/E\
^\


Y
XCE8B4X(




XD11*Q55*%2H7:




^ 3G''XYJ6.\M97C2.YA=I$
M\Q%5P2R_WAZCWJMJ5_)97-BNV+R)Y3'([M@I\I8$=OX3WH J'2)K35K:[T[Y




M3GO;6.Y2VDN85G?[L32 

MSW[#UXUTU/3Y(UDCOK9XVD$2LLRD%S_#GK[5+=RR06DLL4:R.BE@K-M!Q[X
M./RH QK_ $B_NQ? &V3[=:IY+L?+9=W3CY@=W7CITH&D7UQ'K$=V]LGV\+M


M)SCM5[6;#^T]


3)$CN$!8XR2<?\ US[4 98T


^V1S63J&D:C?++.5M4








<UH@     #H!0!S]U
M:7\VJQ2BS A@N_


C J[87YO)[R(P-$;6;RCN8'=P#Q[
M$5=H I:Q:RWFE7-O 5\R1, -T/L?8]/QK$U2PN]0AN;@:6R220QQ!GC+%@Q






MF
HZ?=Y9@%)[#M6;=Z;J

M(T=@&D)#U(&?YI* 
10?<\G\:OS0Q7$313QI+&PPR.H(/U!IZJ%4*H 4#  Z@#.


D(



MX8\9;.!G'UKH+FUM[N/R[JWBG3KMD0



M:MM'\\0^?YLC[W &X?\ ?)]LOATF5[QWO;&YE65HY4Q=;5B9548=0^#@KD$!
MNM=-10!RMA87ENNGJNE20K#?RS.%:(!48.%Z-Z..!_=/MG9T2WGM;22&XCV$
M3RLIW [@TC
#Q[$5HU0TZ^EOOWHMU6TD0/#
)
EAGNN!@]^] %^BBB@ HHHH

MI(Z$\XZ=.I_K0!RR1NLLT0LICIT5^S20?9FM$8\#:N/F7?DD#/K2C3?WNGR
MM8M):QWKM#&T.6BB,9V@@\J-_(!QCCIBNI=UC1G=@J*6)Z 4RWGBNK=)X'#



GT-8LFF3%+:&[2[CT\F;

M0DT]IF:53:H67(&



M!P

Q&
\/@GU]Q5Q+%(+!


=








MT2QS2[4DA9$WDK@$ XVD=/I6Q10!S>A:
]1U-6]+TY8+U[-K:(6UE(9;=MHZOR/Q7YA]-

@'U[^QQAD2?V):V


M[9+&[-Q:++ 47:%4D*6&

5;IZ@^E=!I]NB6S2&(127+&60  '+=CCN!@9]J


1-#)O9+8JRN





1N








MNN^5XXYYH R].FU&ZU*)GNKCR@)#/'YB($'A'*_
,]3].E4M&FNH]/TF
MW6[=8[C3Y&PJK^[*!



^FQ2RW+2RS1*^75<*2
MHZ!0.


P*E


8YYW'/)]L5NMI6G
4+


M((( QT!'.

\G/4FLUKRYWW\%XTF'
MCG
) 4Q



M-)(V&&1U!!^H- &!=2ZS:V4
CW2RW
;NKV\ 5S*N.#G8




YQZFME+*UCN7N8
M[:%)W&&E6

 H

R_N[E[
MZ\MX;K[)]EMUF0[5(D)W9SD?=&T=

M.FKMQI]H-K^8

2DN/]KCG\
M:FB@A@@$

21Q*


MXU8FFU&?57BANKB-5N%4+%AC\K:27*G#9)XR/IWK3_ +(TW[/]G_L^T\G=
MO\OR5V[L8SC&

8B^5Y@178< @9''/Z8K


H:IJKZ@UO;VBW6TJQ3N%5 V0
M2
R97 ;IALXZT?VIJ7F
QCM%1;W[

M
1WEU;?9VMK0I-&5E+RLP0GT79\P^I6@^I)4


EI9&YD=$V)EDV[B6
MQG Y%
65U9'MDPX=2W@'Y, = 1VZBDN;9Y-&=!QN&MR@5WW

M _\ CQJ*ZLI#J.G-$C
D
K2.^%  \MUQQ@YRPJ6^LS+?6]T'E_=1O&8X\ N&



M 
9W


MVYINL:G-974$
;P0K*C










XGW1HS#H$1
G




M^@X)ZX]Z -*F2*67N4/J /ZU#Y
YU%9A.PMQ$5
.!@MGKZ]/YTFH12SVC1

M;&&GD81B0



:Q+M ?@





M0



8]TQEE7%RQPK8'&* -$G S4%E=QWEE;W2 HEPBNJMC.
XJMJ2I.K0*@W
M.




M+N*\A


MRF'.!C(7=Z]


MD'DVH5Y8Y7D
2XC



M 1WZ'.
^M6Y9!%$\A!(12Q ]JQ;:=EU66+SR$!%S(V1@CRPFWWY&X_AZBIM:
M2.XMIH%3AD;S957D #[N1W/Z#\* -.*598HY/N^8H(!Z\C-
-RH-QE6_

$+6[?
H

D$XX[\]

4 4#)ZDD

MD']3^E1Z\J=M[RO:S

!V. ?Y$5''=


V0FW O.QE8^A)Z?@
#\*IK;W*ZF(XI%$:H\D
MJ!VP6=L@^W1OSH TH[J)[9;ACY:



@^_;
MM4D#S7
ES&YEEC2X KL X4\^O6@#4!R

M-0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4A .
@''(
MI:* (KB!+B)HW+ 



MPQ'3/:H_[/M



B
MAC&V]#Z'!&?R)J2FAT+L@92Z@$J#R
]/Y&@O'IUG&I5;=#G.X;NISW]Z=]






M=.U+4EL--FN[NU

/(922(RVI;*].GN#D]Y!
MK%W_ &@]NK6D^8973RPP
A VE^0W7G &#6@ND62HB^4S;)/-#/(S
6QC)8G
M)XXY/3BF?V'I_P#SRDZ.!^^?Y0V-P'/ X' Z=J 

M=.C





MSGJ4/M@$_AWI?#_EK92QHOEM'




!)P/RJ.;2+

M./P'X5;NM8NK
,[BB.Q'/'4XZ^U;%O,)[2.97C<.@8,A^4Y'8^E0C3+80+$V!T
M8SOO'_ \[OUJQ'#'% L$:!8E7:%'0#TH Q(-8O3]L5EM[MXK;SXQ;JRJQR1M




[V]J9(Y8(FW ;Y\[1DXZ#J?09&:R+?6;^Y%@J);@W%Q-!






MML)XB0F2I##!4@X(/N*RX=N8669+Z








O'#L=N

Y











MX![5?U&SN+J2U:WN(H1!)YA#Q%]QP0!PPQU/Z4[4;.2\6)4F$:H^YU92RR#!






11R


M\B
-HLJK']GP2'.2
AN

MGYA\Q[CH/Q '0^(K6Y:!+2&XN'GC




M?P


M&1D5G7&AW4PO0+^(?:IHILFW)*E-N/XQG.Q?3O\ @ 6O[6ME^ULB3L\4PA9&







GIN(&%^IJKK^G7VIPS6\$L:



BK%K;WUI=3*JV[VLTIE+F1@Z9

71MO





MC[6I

/F]?N]*=%IEZTF+F&S:%K);9

MD).49L[
?B





M LKJ=J]P($=WD



M9AM*[LDC9_MG\AZ\2PZ
ZZC+=366G3F9Q-YCC
D+8&5!V_

C@\8STH MQZ[


MZ8.?/Y!8'TVG'X@Q!J=F]NDT=R;B.60JC(A;)ST&T=!Z_F:=+JEG#)&CRD




'- '0T5'$92&\U$4[B%VL6RO
M8G@8/M^IJ2@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B

M12DOSM)1@KXZ[6(PV/8FIKNZALK62YN9!'#&NYF/85SFC2QKJ%N(W\P
9
VK


K@HGU



EP\312PQ/(J

9

M]S^E #;/48;FUCF





Y').1^8X^E






5.;B+R#
&W1C/(YS]/6L7R9EU1YQ


M=$#@XQ\P\K)^M:][




D.S


;57@G)S][_9ZG@^N #863$*/-MC) R
\ ^G.*JQZG^I
MS6F^,*))-_F#DL6&


%S^M


E10SI_:J),56

X%Y-/%+$
MJO&J$





\L3 J=C(-H(QQW(S]* )/M7^GQVP4$/$9-X/H0/ZU9K L?(DET
MT2
I4:?_ 'L8/R5M6_D^0HMRIB7Y5V'(&.U $M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %)2UG:Y*\6G@QNR%IX4)7KM:101^1- %LO;
M2K#*6B=208G)!R2.
'Z4Z?RC$4G*[) 5(8X!R.GY5DVZ;KPK(\IAAN-D(QRC

M(B31E)%5T88(/((K%M TOVA)D+Y*[H]^[S&QT/HO3_/62^G8/; 3!0T)_P!4

2*-'=TC56


VC?C;N[X]*4J

UP+AK&V,P.1(8EW#\<5
M9\J/+'8N6(+<=2.A_04^B@/R8O/\_RT\W;MW[1NQZ9]*4Q1LFPHI4G)&.#3

EMJ# R


1B

3-
$ D90K-CD@9P/U/YT^B@!DD:2IMD4

M'U'(I##$3&3$A

M/HH 0@$8[4B(L:*B*%51@ #  IU% $9AB))
:$GN5%*(HU.5C0$=PHI]% #6
M16*EE!VG(R.E(8HVE64QJ9%! ?'(![9I]% $9@B9R[1H6/!)')I4BC2
1HBJ
M@Z*!Q3Z* $IOE1B
1[%V+P%QP/PI]% $?D0_\\D_[Y%.554850!Z 4ZB@ HH

M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@




AC212)XAT9L8#CT.

MZ
=TGRE1N&

]:F.LV!M
M5G^T
D


V4O,3(D2R$H0.JG&&Y_NYJN^GWY&Y1;;WLOL[

MI'LG
M8W

'!ZX)JA!I-^






S#:

J2Q!UCVWL4;;QN4AD!/&3C(Y':@#8!R 1GGU&*


MJ/O XP1GTS5
:-=V\

2<QYD$01XG5]QZ#81NY^E7HI%FB610P5



22\9R-RXZ$^AH NG6].6+S)+D1
M#S!$5E1D8



.5BLI*IB)F;<.#\@&[@CGCBLT:7JBWL$I-G(B7KW)&Y

?FL5*2N'SG;P01CIS[4 6--UA!
K64MX;2&8RS+M+-&8+N!(R0,#IW-
M8T7AVXC^RM<0Z??&-71XYD(4 L6!4D-R,GMS6C86%S:ZO<3-';);/!%$@B8@
MKLS_  XP!\Q[\8'KP :M<_?Z\2DWV0O;6\BAF:6$@


J2-=E([/\ ?7T5
MRF9V^ZFW@_)U.P?F?3F];Z?/#JS7%8H7+-(J2L1(3G'R$8!Z<@\^E &I69J

[M*F]$6%RS+G&
\B#*+C[1L5@% /S-&0?[I!Z9!XJU86=T;W3
M[B.&.UMH'A/[]F8Y(Y7Y!D?+UXSG\P#334[1[AH1*0Z@G+(RJV.N&(PV.^
M<5$VN:<D4TDMSY2P@%_-1D.#P 0
.#SUR<^G-']BWZ1/;PV.EP7,B
R0Y0.
CDX3(Z=.?K0!HMKFGKOW3.


^F[&W/MG-96H:;JEVFJ(L=




MZ
WR@=#]W!SWY&.V: -.L/4]:V1WT5LSPRVFPO))VS!(S@D8Z'U_MRL74-

XD?$+;'!B8-D]
+C+9[8S




G5Q^G+-_Q*A)#J2#3
MI(93Y
@VMQMZC ;AN?I[5M:!&\


M+;H9'M;F.X


?*W'
MWN.HQGI5[4H/^0DJ:=/(]QY
\82'.6& 3GH&'IG- '545SCI=#59#;0


M '054FO#%J%M:^2Q$X8^9D87:

M*D








M
1XU8%TQN [9Z5SAL8HIH(;Z&[O+ 0;(6DA
C1ON.20@RI

2)=[1_+O4

O_[0
M@DD\EH3'


L]N\]M&[^:J1F3@H0
J 21D^AK
&FO96EMJ
=F&N+:X;RHF


-V^ER1.Y@=?WOR[0S$8'1L9Z?
MB*V_#ME#;&:6$WJF4#S(YX5B4
.X 503SRPSG'6@#;HJAK5O]JTYXLL
LIXB

F+AD9@(A(
M=P

E
MG


M?0K

M 4444 %%%% !1110 4UF51EB 




M(XUD)V_*5;.#WZ&J)2;PK*MK



XY'&

MZHK;[*&2

]UH[.ZFX+

M [12&4
I!!&01WI:S](EM186L


MHHH **** $JM8V%OI\;QVRNJNY=M\K/ECU.6)ZU:HH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *ISV+2W0N([RX@;:%98]I5@#G
MD,IQU/3%7** &11K#&L:#J
#)S3Z** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB




M4O(S-*Z*D94.V0
[LXH T**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH

+[




C&


M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %)TI:0@$8/0



TBI^Z0
YX&3@#W
M/M0!234T;5Y;0-D)K[=C;@Q)_H!4UU=B*T\U2$8D 08[@'BLL6DZZG.L6T

M'=I

M;NA
4 C/WB)23C';Y156?4)8[H0HJ.?


M 
@/R$]=V.Q]QUK-OX]MZC!A+AB[+%&K2
V-HR
]
?TH LZ1J
FHPQRLJ('@

M=

Y !PW
M7&
X[8..V:@N]0:.!7MT#











_!/'3'2KD=P7EEC\I@T8


\ #QR%3DG;\I[\_7I6
C0P79S/;V[+.)/W



M:J?($?!;)8XP5'/IS[U2C




/'J]K: +Y<T<C
3U!7;@#\S^5/LD

$?
M7OT[YK


:V+((+?
M$90X8[MF<9S[T 6**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH



1%F 3! Y8G_P#7S0!JHZR
ME&# $@X]1P12D C! (]ZYV#ADC8BZ25F/[H+\SXW%.O3KW'2NB!S['TH 6F*
MZ2%U5E8J=K '.#C.#^!%



M8SEPPP


M+RY+1.2[

+
M;R(9@NY(L!

T29X;R8\?

VP2
MMT;[';N&[/7D?PT :&Y#M.Y3D_+SU^EO&REU92.06!]/\FN?UX9--D8
M1+JM



M.(!&,UC6I9W$L\DI*M.L+=P YSG/? &/H?6KED&N-,M)I9Y Q@1F8-C)P2



IP1GD?YS2NZ1@EF50/4]*S+.W
MUQ/Y[2)+%.)%&5R

CV/XF@#7#(Y(!



M-G )Y..M9FEA&

'TQ3C(@D$98!V!(7/) QD_J



2





([+:

U&;%7
0D(*0@!0!@G X)




MGQ6
VRY6XDA87& WEQE3C&#U8_TZUH5%


M.1CCK^=27=U-$T?DQ94'

M ?2I;RU-UY&)6B



MM\X@50K+CE@.
?2JUG?O/

M DMK![*15M9P+;)+Q2+N.?4'(Q^.?;%.-G)).)9;ISM+;510H /Z_K4WVF-]
MXA(F9
;E1AD9_&JZL3=SJT:K#$ IW2(&W]3_%T Q^.?2@T+1EOEF5D$2AO

M'KBJB:I
YBC




MHB-FPDA]QP0


3

]\5;MGBG\/V[IN9F3$:H^6(Z9''UQQUK5$T;3-!N

?*@=-V\LK#]W@C)XZ=/;O2VP:32]


M!@#DC )'I6A#-'/$LD;;D;H:?@9SCGUH R;
N-5:&.6!C%$HE4
20
GWX-$

TZR)@[GD_=HN OU4_YYK6P
DX&3WHP
YP
GO0!GV'F174PFA9
M'NF

MEM*UQ!'/#-D^8?*;( /&./I4=W%:?VC8P#'F&1F*;CG;L;GZ9(_.M4 #H
48

M2.GM0!G7\66MEV23ND@D9]@R%!YY 'KT'-9\TEDKR3F6WRP5#;2R8.S)SWX/
M)]N

TTP\V-I
M 

M]^_85=I* 
.6$




M $$9VC([=:L.C7

OC^-QCIU_&NA  & 


MP



H!H P(PZ31C[/($7RHXF495E0



M3%2W%NEPH61I H/(1RN?8XH RH


XV^X]^!S[4 4
M+


M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***9+(L








I4B3 R#P?P^8@?I5FY\3

#)]
T ;-%9MMK


M.%D$C)/8X([XJ%]?MHD/GP7,4JS)T)CW
I;[I.TD8/KGVZ\4 :U%90UR#)

M% &K167%KD4DT


MFW1E2?-&H8*&1RX)C&TGDD@8.#R.*D?7(XHW:6SNHVCECCD0A


MT_0)998[TS/

0
GJ0
*=--Q)'9B@8C85<OMY(J2P[]0.E



U+=ZS#=:8S6)G=I;8S!X0NZ)2#ACGW

M
Y_AQP



M%5R 


:AHF0NPZKA

MFO(I(X!(K@0%3(K]1G?QU]ZN'6+!7D5[C9Y:%RSHRJ5'4JQ&&QD=
U)::E:7
MLA2WD+D(L@RC 

=3
MQ4

MD#.%!]?\XIC:WIZI
_GL4@B69V6)V&QNC# Y'7D9Q@YZ4 1'2;F;3FLKJ^$D



M3@C+''' _




O! #-GY@ QQP/?-6X
@
M- %6#1[FW:RV7L92UW@!H#\P;ISN[?K[4VTT:[M#;R17\?G1*T;DVYV2(6W8


7\DE
M9&$;;5(QD%L8SR.



MMN0S2*S)&J




MGW.NV=O;2S#SG\J58F40OD
Q&.

=Z )[.#[+:0V_F-)Y2!=[G); ZFJ1



M


M#JOV#3KH6\P2\2$R+^Z

MD=3
5CE$+?N)

M[8J;3;![(W)DN#

MDG$
ELT;L?
+*=S8XZ'&.O?M6K!K.GW'


(@\&6C#9X)W#


M;PZ
ZN$;:P4X.&QC(]


M@


TR1)Y
MF]XA*
Q.!M/3)(P#['GVH =8VYM+*&V

R*51BI89RN[&
\'BG:7J4



M .

MO%9Z:95C:.*



M


O;(


&VF+D/GD%&
M7MW^;-/U.]?3[*XN_(



MD$8(.!7144 5I1=QV&V Q2W00 &4E59NY. ?KTK(GT2X2.RN+
#[;!(';SKR



O[IKT[



J#2]4BFL79H9$M[AY-DEP[%$*;-H8







I1VFDCP\3!0/E!!R/ER!D8KH*
M* 

[6.E:QN)
MK&(PM#

+




M-FW=AA@'/WCQQ]:;I6F7%AJ




M[]ZLW5I#:Z?911PSWL D=A!=0MA@1W1$)4 GCY
#VXKJJJW=A;WC(\PD#IG:


MG/7FI;\CO[..ZA#B-\X#C!X)'(_@# 33_
UIY+@7T#)*KVWE0J4\L*OR[]
MA*C@@KN&?QJK!8DZ%*T=I=*_VIA
2!^\4EQ@@X.<\CK7944 <O]BC


MOY0?#Q


MRA1G  P')!^8X/IG-=5::G:7DOE1.XDV[PDL3QL5]0& )'(Y%7* .0U2WBO+
MTK=6C2JPA)EEMY':'&0NU

\
D#&WFW

G@$#'
MTJW86\*W;F]M)OMZ2R%9TB?#1DG: ZC& I VYZCIFM^B@#C7M_M&B0VYTZ=Y
.-G\MP6W8*C*'H=
MW'UXJK=6TDMU=*UI-_:'VA7MKD(2HCRO&_HH !RN1GG@YK=M+QKEF!M+B';W




*YTZWM;RWO=/TZ/
R

M '
WEM;OILK:;974/(ANHTMRK,HSG.



P[# K1JG:Z@MU<-''!.(\$I,5'EO@X.#QS
MZ@9[9H N4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5C^)

MG@-UZ;3Z&KND27-QJC23:FJS)+(LMD4;=MR0O!? &
$
%&?6NEHH H:U-'!I
MDKS231IE06A;:PRP'WOX1ZGL





VNX+M9&MY5D6-S&Q7H&'45
M/0!SJ0%K%=6NM1\Y(;1TB:SC[00-Q!);+?*/0#TK+GU 10NG]I2PP_;;<I_
MI9?




M:#7-%%Q



MFT^AKK;M2UI



M?-M3)NVR8Z^6?NX(.

MZI
;;[*6:3SRQCFR




J#M_/%=S10

@

CUI^LS
MJE[;17=PUM8.C[Y5E

MYF\G43R07.H3Q1+;(;.82E#-)\V3Q@.?N_+@@^G-4YKFX\V_6\OKB&]%I!)!

M 
QX9X=1-J[W174$5@PGD(A93F0 Y^7(/&

MV0W QCC)[9J_X4-LVBH;6?SAN;?^^

M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %96NWES;):Q6I1'N9O*\QWVA







_2MK

M6BD&.\P?^7R7_P!JEJVHSVU^A@NY&5;B&*6(1IY:!R =S'G.#D8/'&1BMBV
ML[6T#BUMH8 YRWEH%W'U.*26QM)I3++:P22' +M&3@Y'/L: 
7SKI$NS9%F
M)U!O


M#&Q'IGKBF1Z7I\31M%86J&(DQE85&PGKCCB@IX79W\/V;RW#SN\:LQ?&02

MU%C)Y/ IGV2V^U?:OL\7VC&WS=@WX],]: ,FVFNQ?R:9-?3/.DHF$A6,%H

M


;3M+1X]]E9JY4Q)F)0=NHXZ8)X]: +U%-5510J
M@*H&  , G4 8^KJJ7^CA0!F\)..Y
;U!J*21ZG-]DG^S%+%Y
HBDYWY[@CK

[QJ25]


.:O&TM!<-=&WA$Q7:TI0;MOH3UQ26RV439M1;H9_WG[L*/
_VN




MSMA R2/GQZYQS0!SM[)=6-SJ]Q'=L9;6SMW9BJ_O2/,X/& #[ ?A5J^U2[M
M;Z_C\Q#$@MO+.S'E1RK
?7&




M



)3\V/O'(ZX[TZ.WLI9EOHH;=Y77Y;A54LRG
MT;TH Q-.N]8N+'[8T]JT5Q 'B E&0_'3Y%P.2
$MSCFM72+HW5O('


M@?@* ):*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *H:O=


2
M






A
M+
H=MA)ZG;G;D^N* 




M!@.DC(2/0E2
CV/% %+Q.BR^%]0\V

E;4L







=*EM]/MK:ZEN(5=9)5

M22:19R&W+K
S6[[XV
\F=V
9)W?

'%2PZ/&ZPM=^:TD
GF1J+J5Q&V /O$@MWZCN1CK5Y;6%;M[

]EY'OQJV-




M*LDJ


^M %)-0ENK


8Z=L46^B6-M+;20I*K6R&.+-Q(0JG
MJ

+V!!/TR*I_P!NW\Z10VEHLEV1


+(IC*[2I&01Z52CT/3HSG[
'/EF+
C
^
M$/5?F)X]J 
N\OM;%J/


;M%E6 :5V*E3D8).1@CM2KI=F

M/7VJ1M6OHO.
@MF6WO4MGVHP

M^TR9#YSG.[/7GZ\]:)- T^02ADG/G2B9\7



M4UM!!

M)BT:E0PD8
O\Z 


Y&

M5#







@Z=]Q4?B:YZ[GM(=/8S3PI*;9D
;O

G I+
MN^6VN8T)P@5WE)1CA5 Y!'N16?EQ#=8MYQDID.Q8Y#G/).2/3VQ4^KI([NL4




MUZ8^O3BG7
T&HV

M^M%G$EI/;07DQ$X4B%LX5\X+*/4Y'3TQ[T 7+BZEACG(2
LI CS( &XS@Y/'


_0_I6EIN_P R<2EU



@Y/US0!?FU K/:HD;[9796W1L#PI/ /N*GNIS#:&
M95Y^7AATR0/ZUEWT49OK3RC!L$C9.X\?(W7GCFM%(8YK%5C


M!Q\I
TNV3T(/7T-:&HQ3/=P)&=2K









=B







M;B!C!]2 



Y). *(YXY(3*C909SQ@C'48K%O/EM/

MK

MYF?[)823%]S.V[Y3D_NWQP/PH TH[J*6141B6:
2 ;3]T]*FK!D5HH$.]UEN
MXDBB9&(VD



M]


O.[/2JUJ[?99GB

Y5)Y%0[0HV]NP))&!]: -IRJHS/@*!







M*@5RO)# \CG^



M.

M







M002.W44Y5*%484# 'I3J* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *9++'!$\LKA(T4LS

M1KP*K/\ N6.Q1DR #.W'OTXYYXP: (Y-=L(G9)'G0JBNY-M* BMT+';@#KUZ




CWILB78TV=9BES.48*(8



 G []: -^BN5G$UO+:QRF^7SY7$5J;W]Z5\O


*0=F%)X(Z$XZ\\]G):7WDX
=^+=I21#]J!FC&T#


M6)M)$9U_=M@ 

M!:Q'$B S
I)S

D4OD
MO9S

MSZ\$T ;5%8VJ7'G:5:3




X2YW8*9X[#_:SQ5G1-8_M#S%EFMF=88I2(3]W<




M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
1XY/NAHRH.003U!';/'3/% &O165;ZQ;-:126
ML5S

M)H V:*J0WR3W
D





M]JYR

ML:6MS//Y)FVQ(


M(3.8C^6I'5C\W08/O[8JF/%VED3%6=UBC
H






T825@C%AU

MQR2RRAF58P

M -:BL;_A(8VM#=1:??2P3RRP5%.[=MY#,

MZ



MJ
=A8I=7


#W'.

M$;@LX7)QN( & 3V]NO(!J45E3ZS]GOEBEMI4MQ;M/)
VT; 

* *-MH=S;1PNE]%]JADE9)/LYVE9#N92N_GGD$$=![YM?V?<I?&[AO
M55I45)U:+*MC.O(VGDCG/:ET*YN+K3!)=2+)
)94+*NT';(RCCMP*L7=];6

@\'(K275;-K;SUD8KO*;?+;?N_N[
;L^V
M
T+JMF\




5D*
$;;G=AB
$C!.


M3(UC=^6GE)%(DJ;]P7.&!R


4BWD@?;Y&-N %P
ZY]<5HB_M1+=?Z
!QC/- $MEI
MMQ;:G-=R74<B2Q)%L$.TC;G!SN/]X]O3\8KW1)+@WJ0WGDPWA#R+Y6XA@ ,J
M<\<*.#4\FMZ?';QSF9RD@8J%B=FPO#94#(QWR.*AGO+HWETL%Q'Y7V
30GR


MI78&62%6+$=RHYQ5#1]72:W@ANY]U

M12WEW';(%:39))D)B


EB$CE(V8*.Y.

?I53^SK<WEC;VRS1K8 (Q
;!6CP%W$8;Y@IXST.:LKKFFLR
MA+I6#.8U95)4L.JYQC/H.I[4\:M9FV$ZO(REBNU87+Y'4; -W'?B@!^HV?VZ
MV$8E:)U=9$D SM92..XXZ57GT^[G%O
7 &I %MMF<PG8
MS'8=N


]U)L@C1I8_*
M8F(')!([@3W!Z8ZK#ZE;1N5=I%(19.87 P3@#..I/\/7VH K6.DM#IES8W


9CW$_+MRIR-IV
MX'0]*FLM/EM=0NK@S1M%
J*L8C(*!1@?-N.>/:G)JUH\




MS13I 3(CEFC+_=8
!)H7#QR*&5AW!Y!H YXPW#:S-,B
M,)!-N6.6TEVM@!0V\.(\X'!() _*KIT::2[BGGMIEN)C+MDM<J
C&W/0'


'KQQ0!4DT%9(8X'N7
0M6M9 1EF!QR3QC'O2WFE7]YIOV2748
MB0Z,)/LQYL&&1OZY YX&



M6;:&8L.J#N2.HZ#KV9XEN%@73OWD*2&\0J)7V@X![_B/SK9/ Z9JEIM_)J%G


MCKVHET:=X6D C^U22M


!K5X;2ZFE0B7+
^Y\*WRG:/G!R
G!'%

JLR1O)L




MM/G*3RNL$S%D9'V]24^5AM'8]372T4 8DFDW


@##TW1Y;R:-

=H?[/&)#Y[?-\A3CY/0Y_3WJ\


M+RR@\AG%U(8_





OQ$P&E
MG+1H?
V!6U6UED-U%<O<?:BZ2E2#]Y8
MP

$@XXY((Q4U %!;&1-5DN%=!;R!79

M:!MS]-N/^^16=9:&]DDJI9::\J[_ ;G;MD8$'ACMX/.,@G([5T%% &%I>FZ
MA:W6FM,EMY=K9&U
QRL55E;!

MVMSY?FP1B



MGI@2*5866(J HW




C(20









MAV5% '%:C;JT-R;+3+V))+!D^2%U/F[@1D#DG(Y/(/?BK=]IL
LEFI@N8;&2



T5X-/999BA02$H-@W'ACGD$9QC
MMFNRFB6:%XGW;7!4[6*G'U'(J.SM(;&UCMK966&
856


M*/S AP&WG@KR
#/ X]JT/$$$$VH:2TUFUP$G)=A;-*%78PY(!P-Q7^?:MVB@

PM9(9O-D#
M--$RR
N]BN2PR1@C_P#7FMRB@#DXXHXYEG6TNS*NIEED:WE9E0C!()&0I_*I


M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444

CA$&
Y/7^AI&N8$F2%IHQ*_W4+#)_@:BH9+F&*9





5MU557.U3(P
]W3;BVV4#<NT[1)@<8';%7U@5;I[C)W.BH1VP3_PS4U;?




TGWY48$M[D$%?TI[63/:+!)=S.
M0P8R$+N;!S@X&



M S6B*W8M&=_
FE\URKD ICG\
@#Z$5)K3O#;N58#]S+AL?
N$)X;\!5J6P24

M1D;EZ_

K*&01OP0!TW
#GZ58ET?S9HI&OKDB-PX4


4SRR\



_'3)^
ME;
6F6\:E7#3+Y@D43'?L(&!C/TI8-.AAC*
3(OS@!^@#$DC]: $G\R'2W$:
MSJZC V


G7/6@Q<3K;VTD\F0J*
M6([_ $JAH:/:6RV4_$R*)

MZ



T:AF0'D ]#6;JD9_M.&X\I91!:S
4*YS\T9Q]



@\UN
MQVJ0O
T3




M]Y[F2RFGG1Y(XIMRA649V-P.G/*UL21EUB1D7OMX)_'M^%0SV*2P)KO%$A


M'&=P48^9NQ/H!_/Z

SDAAC@2-6<(Q&<GY6.<\=A0!&N




_E4U !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %

MMU6TD0/#
)
EAGNN!@]^] %^BBB@ HHI&.%) )('0=Z %HK(MM?BG\II+.ZM

MOCI\
4GDM*))DB.& V[FQDY]R.E %RBBB@ HHHH ***B


]
G'T]Z +U
M%5-+O1J.FV]XJ&
3('DYQ5N@ HHHH **H3W\BWQM+:W$[HJ/+F3;M5B0..


KPF
E\#).0



8#)C(.?4
ME#C_ 'JZ!CM4DYP!G@9J*&VB@DD=-Y:0Y8O(S_@
DX'L.*FH YO0M.%U;K+=

MZU^;/EX&\$9ZCJ:MZ7IRP7KV;6T0MK*0RV[;1U?D?BOS#Z;:N7.M6MN;Y9%G





L0M8[_3KEK-
M7N $

RHI9B%4#)). !3J .

M+(PGA9D5PRE?55/!/8]
\XJ73-


M
^?=A\8S@J



M_=?*.-V/W9#9)!QG/?I4=]8B(:X?L
6K75LUSIX5Q+&L1E
MPYQM8J 21PW;C-;%% ')6E@QU:PCOK:::
0S#$L;R1H/
S$&)!4
%S[]
]JZ

:W:+

U9\MO:K/:J^GSR:68G6./R7?RYV<E
KQP#@;

J6 QR.XJP]O&\PNY=
EGD;3@


M1NBL

C;L




=:Z&H_- 0



1BNHHH X^Z
^DCO4F(AM_.V



E[
U\EC



4K&
E?XEX()(P
'I4NG274^LL\^IK%-'-(K66UMS1Y(7
M@OC&-IW!?QZUTU% %/5Y9X-)NI;52TZ1




M([[!U0

!G/);L!72Z8LB6$2RW(NG (\X)MW\\'&3V[YYZU;HH YG5KMQ=


#:DUQ.T
[36IPTS;0-R$D

53



D;B


M= NF%U(N6#$YR#NSN_7&/:GM=SWUY#C5TM



MQ7;T(QN[#UXU)]
L[B662: 2-



M_*KMR

M&-&#J/M
F5(Z8.[.!V'05-)IMI+=_:FC83;0K


M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%


?E7.
=.V:T5W!1N(+8Y(& 30 ZBBB@#
\0^8=&
MN52..0


AD

?0U
MHZII[7.G/!:L('

M%L\MQ_/( [7'_P!

M6WY4(
9Z')7J3N)QCM]3M2V5W=2V]Q))'!*EO+%(J?.
N4/!(''R4VYTZ[DL


MM'N*%^01\P!XXZ=Z+*WOK6

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@





BH9KF*&-W+!B@)*J1D_A0MU VP5
R?=

[F7 ^E $U%4VU&%

M@RL


MHIT!R(' /7!&: ):*J27\:6C7&QV4,5@?









\J'S5N/+#Q

IH Q+2-R(U91&S7$H5_,)8D,^5![<9^OUK2TV
M1ET^(O'@8P-@)S^E6!;1+T0#!69G.&(.223@CD<FD2VC2U2W4N(U 'WCDCZ
M]: 


4;2.VX*A8J#\O&




G30
M)-060 ?*LXX &%


CD\M0\0*H0

3M^3GC/J<T
M9D:?P\;8M(GGQO'OC0L5R2
\?6DNI)(K65HECWJA*[[4J
]!R36I;6\=K;Q
MP0@B.
84$DG\SUIEQ9PW+QO
K
8V# !B 2.F0.#@\\T /GC#P
A;9QPP_A(Z

'_ &:T)($E;
@+#^Z3\OY=_P :CNK&
MWNV1Y4.^
Y5T8JP]LCG'M0!6U4NL

M9 HDD


O
IUX^3/(P=7+#RR 

M









%I#;LK1J0578
M3VSG^= %34#YUM /*;;D.RJ!G!X*LPY]JQ; M'/RVXD87DNU5 YP_?=_


\




]O$$:- JOD,5+$YX'J*FTZ*14GD
MFB,33RF0HQ!(X '3CM0!2GO_ DU!Q
M7O5]H8G/7%31Q.+BZ954;BNPL





MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB




M31)+&VY'4

9W8#;B



?6HKE;JTN+.-W=MUM)M_@1QP__  %@/S-1


%)9#Z?D:ZA+V)]0EL@'\V)%D;*X&#D#![]#5C<-Q7(W 9QWH Y:R
ML'F-HC6;I=J&347DB(6<%.6(P^6P1UP/2H+.SD<:=&^FS

-N


);9C*T

8ED7RI3$V]=IR
=O3F@#%_LFWAU-K6&P@6




VR
.-PW^FW(
MVYYSTKKJK6=C;V(D%N)!YKEVWRL^6/4_
3B@#EH;2-/#\\@LKL7(NR%/D2^:

M&#H-M$NHZI*UK(LOVHF.6:)@2I50=K
.1E3T/IVQ5C7+4
UI?):_:)K:4?*J


BG@@MM'Y@=\5V%% '*6J71&EW1@EEG\F&&2.XMG#*1

+NR#VXKK:* .+
MM;7-M;6ZV$X:72&BF#VS@-* NT
2
9&&QGVQU%=)I3V\-K;6D4#VY\D.(_(*

C*!(K$X /0




M9QC/?!-=46(=5V



MTU#?#$T.6CB
9&-I&57?S@].



M@#EKG[4]G:W7V$FX0




MZ6XCN[B!PH4B
J58 YZ
<#CNK_ ,0]^M<R^IB*VO9(-0N$1[!Y(WEN=[F5
M3QD'A<@;1CJ!@'%=O10!R


MIHH Y-M3MDEE



$ALA&W9&WCOQQ4EO=J9!%#
MJA:6XL$?


=SM/YJ8 ZB0]5]S[YK%U\D:)-<B^R-:PW D687!W&/[A7;MQR

MSD =!BN4TM[



ZB3;AAEV(8$C!Z@]ZS=+U RVEA/'?3S




7=5VKN;)Z#U^E.W#;NR-N
Y[


ZJ5#
M


]*=0 444UW6-=S


M(CJS1G:X!Y4X!P?P(- #Z*:SHK*K

4
M .HI
C=MR
XSBD5E894@@$CCUH =1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !


M1D&21MSMC&YO8=A[4L]HTERMQ'





MTC6V$3(C90*Q*CYL#'-0P6

 9] .: 


3%MI;=M^]CV''

6LY::






M3
9I60.



]

MA2\#%@
DC^


41D(2.8R[$4 'YRRCIV.





\44J7

ML&TQ;GN


\8]ZIV]Y)
T1\^;;(8RJXCS

HS2K$Y82^
M?









;&


0!GD#&<=Z==7DHO9(K=P/(@
CJ5SN/8



MRKB*1C

$;
$0#=

HRA(;@\$5*LJ-$)
M0PV


MZBDS).MJ8XKDHX21G&=Q&



M\X!QP
^I[4 =%#
D\2RQG*

@XQFF-=P+;^?Y@




=WF)#.=Q_









J1P
#%344 06ML+6-HT=V0L64



Q.2 1CBB[LDNHF0LR%TV
R@9*]QR*M44
15RB@$VZ-Y88DI'C
M:I.1D=?7_)J-+
+?&Z::1SM*HC$;4!()QQGG ZYZ5:HH IS:;!/-+*[2[I%

M; QQ3&M5:\2Y







M'@2(J5 S_%N/]X]O3TY7^R)Y=

C'+'C&: 
H:I/'

R%$:7:/+5V&=O)R

U7F\0_PA2W%I874J1R&(LP5 &#!2&8-U/I^5/O-%DNK[[0;M?EE
M26(-%N
V<GN.*2'19UTRZM);R-GGG:<2+5L6W]-QR
^XXH F3







MDU;U.SFO$@$
Z0F*9927C+[MISCJ



G-8FLZLTFD7R1BZL;E+9IXBVT
ZCN?;
M/0C/:M0:;$='_LV9WDB
7E


^E:E%']IL[JWMC


MIMY$+NY-RDS2V:VX2*VYR
@P<D4V;7&$,3PV%PTC7/V=XB4#(1R?XL'(Z<XJI8V-S-;310SF-9
M,S-;31NI&%(D<L5(R.,=NM6HM:&

6S+*^W=@D'

M;RI'P
[$7+'VQ63_ &#*UG+;S7%O





M%]H



'!S5*Y\/W5RMQOU)0\]F+1L6_RX!/S8

MYXXU
02&9D!0L#\H.=HSZY^IJQ!XDM+H0BUBGGDE9U1[3AE&2V[;G'OWIL


M-V9I4GI@

M?:E0)F9N

$]/FX/&

;*HLERS
E

MH9S+;R)C/3[RCD]AU-49-/N-.M=7CV0O87LR6:25@Y4 [@1G!/)^;CG\*T





=CSFIK2_MKQW2%VWQX+(Z


MR1;CDLK*S

(BV0L6'4DG) _+''/)S0!(^JV

\'CJ:
EH#'J$EVV)V/R

/3.14

MI07.EO
EILM(I(W*3






M@ 9PZ




M&2


6+;B0N
 9]Z@M-*U*V
SNKN2%

Q&9B '8\' .T'CN6J*#3=0ATO2;79:E[-U

M:H)I5Y'%L5H#LOFN4R3RK

I1QRHIM2MU;+#*'=CY;*NW*_
M+\P([''UI;S2+PV^H06I@9+FT2!#*[ @@%23@'L<_I[T :,VIVENZQRS'<0I
M)

+HQW2?*5&X





M*Y/0J/[WKV]^*HL9;?2].T\W


MHG1HK4I;(A95VHC

M
HZ?<S2:E!';;UU!%59]RXBPN,L<\'D8!_J]YIVH WT=O:B7S;NX1VD


\
]\)HMJ23F1'W A@57I^1ZXK/O]
O&DOA;(2F]
M;R#YP
S #Y/8?+GGCYOK0!KB\@D93%=VY4
RL-P)) Y YX(ZFL]=?MY[BW:W

R![J!

MLX(HH[83



L+OC( SCUS@$X]NU
T^VO(;VVDFMPH^QK$Y60$(RD

H

M8IE6R
@XR*V-(M4MTED6TGMGF(:03SF5V(&




M@3?/=01IM#;GD &#T//:F'4K
:@MA]HC^TLF\1[ADCZ?3)^@K&;3&M[B06ND

BFS6)]SKE&4G@X)SG/:@#0GN[:W
0ZE#9VUI!+YL32!I+@I]T@$8'^\/UIUKK5E/;12S316SR









#//)R0!Z9








&M4NHG\[&]6('/R


MF
7GFY
+

M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH



M99R+N*)'7)!+(P.2


M2J!@\AY(SCL.I-00)-:7C7$L$CQ3':BI\S09.3D#L3R2



:RHS@;BH8$X]:/(
MB_YY)_WR*/*C4$A O')48/Z4 9EYJ$EG


2(D9G!V =<#&00#U-3:<SI;O;





MCWJF+AK:\NWN4O8?



S
 H_G^8J.WM

M0J5=F)0@C:5!&#_O=?:G)=




MO/9P0W%I+YLZ[YV6







JRO&K]8R-Q4$GGH.E/N8
MHSIDBP0; 

ME3M _.J=K?RN9B0C#S61%9U4@@[2/?D'%799&CC C3?(1A5[9]SV%9[1A);.
MQ6.1V63S9)#&=I !);/3)8CCK0!:FN)$

MIPS(K[D1/E5R0IY_S[59OMRWMHXC=P-^=HSC(K
@@G@MMKVT@)@@C.U/XE8Y


+(25V\X(' ].3CK56WM?L\EKO@=K:$+AUCRQD VYP.=O?IUYZ


M]@

MB5(4MQYK%8XUY.XJ
8[XK+ FMK:2XDADVS;Y6(D(

\_*H'KF@#8=PF
M
2(1R%B!@%=RASDX]6- &C<WMO:LBS2*I=@O4<9Z$^U);WD=S
M,Z0Y=%56\T$%&SG@'/T_,54U=C!*P# J8P

#%.::)
M



$ 
2/7MMY]*L/.%(Q'(X(R&09%8GFRB]MXE

F^*

2/[L+D?F!6;I:SV^EPFU!D5)'0Q


IR.E/:Z1;B2$@YCC$A/
M8@[N/K\IJM9!EN8E8,&%J@(;J#D]:H7$3+=WKM;PIL@1DC0\N2T@'..?IZ4
M ;=O




C
MFI:I::K-;1SO+([

MB (

MJ

:8EY\AC+;7$ACVL

M%I\OVC4&1VYLD




=?\ OH5)



M
X'U-3MDJ=I /8D9K

$.[@''/;!Z4 :3':I;!; S@=34#








XR5(SU/6I[R3R;620R+&%&2Y_A'K]:HI._P!F



ME;LL8
/.TYZ9ZU)68]ZQOXQ
MAP@692JY.XJ4 .!]33])GEEL;8%'V_9T)E<\LV!VZGZT 3)I]JENLPCRU&
M



82-0JC/0#@5FVUP8XDA
M



MT!EBSL;.
9!'X]32&TA)G.TYG(+D




SY9


!HAM3

J$$IY

MR!Q^'2JGVV=;RXVF4[8D8*5;!.6[;..GI0!IR64$B!6# ;PYVN1N(]?7IWJ3


?-)+
I4
0H
62*6;?$T8![5((920<Y^G
MZ4 2RMEBDC2)8TD.6?+S@#/'3H.E/B@CAMU@C7;&J[0


MVC=HV8



L6V2:

F98\[3D\9&.G3I52[N
RVSPR@QRJQSYFU2
M



MN'VD#DY_7]*2.&6.[



M.


:IP1M?=D_3 ]JCDODB*
M!XY1O!(X'0=3UIR72
TH*LOE8#9'J

5))+D.45OX@H7@9 ZGVB36^F6L(CS
L2(03PI  .:@36

GB@&:VDVUDD+O'
MYJRR3Y&





Y_(:[@GN+A0D(QN&WO*
M0&&.P'U]J6'41+=QP!!\X8DY/&/J!5BXN8X(I&+IN12=I;'04 5'MGCNH-D;
M



QVW<\8Q_+M5NVO//N9(=@!1%<L'##DD8X^E
.HAU'D

U12:A$LMLL;QR)
3EPXP



1VR
_Y%-_M*$SH
MBLIB
;.\A;&W!P!CWPWY4 -FLY//2[4DW(..#A=N#\I]N_KDDL+6:QDE0[9
M(I93(.&WGJ







M/$OE3))OVG!VY5A]/XO_ -=
N=76W\S=;R?NV*MR.HC+^OI5E;P9N#(C1QVX






GR%E)^9A_ 
$Y/MQ42
6/0<4@M[I9U
MN5

98*QQTP
M2


@X(SR.E

M+U@4XV'^\W:N@


X^8NKW@
/[J2&/
L@^0 ;LCWZ]*6UN$.I22





M;OVC=CTS0!E


.=S;1U'53

BAG/'\'TJ]]@M
D_9HLGK\@YJ2*)8Q%%&BQKM0

MZD@?AD]JU=456MI(HT5KB=2D?R@G)XS]!UJ?[);^2(?(C

M7+  


R*6 (#



.C3SI








6W-S_+CT&*V*8$3S#*%7



*L26LCSV4F5_<
N *N?8Y/-
RL!-(Q+-G@#& 
=\8!^O
MY4RSLY[*8I'L-L


MA*@=?

JG  $FTE%).UL #!(YP?:J
M)\F


M$%SJ+.Q=LG;YBA@JY 7[GU_
UOI#'&
*O?///-9L^G32:0]LN/-DR#F5@J@G

D79*SM.MLKO TH!$C !1@\
M'/)ZYZYZ5NW$;31F(':KC#'OCVJ@^F2- D22!5MWWVX8;L$'@-[#IZ^] #+^


M9J
TB:A;!&QM+$?Z

'L


#W( ''K5J*VN(A=.QAEEDD$B94JO



M9KI620CRL
M67R_.




=H9L]\=.?2H9=.G-Q+*BH1NCV(TS?

M^%)EW#,V.N21G.:I:7++!I5JDJR1.D*[T




LUT [ %6Y20G:


GF&1MVTON(V[?0D=: -*BBB@ H



M9A)AU5G.6(Q^9'T_
 M2WNV-]D9\P X4LO4#ZTVRN9YS^\C4!HU=6!'&1T(R

:KN C4D\=?K5.\M]DM

MV4C
3  %PN#GOAOQJV+D^2SR!(F5MK*[]
]


LAP4 (QZG!K$D
DK^:U\LCNT/[G!W(!*7R54C'RLO

#)4G/7IP

HO6.;99O
VE?G1 I0=.HP2?4?RFO?WTVEW&YL
M-





58]68W+M




M 'Z
?RJ*^F1[C39$=V3S7^:-2Q^XPZ 56F*6^B23&5HO





M6^VW.X^6L
EA^:0L3QTZ_*

MWJ+6UR$$#.BKE\
H(S]TC)[D8YI;2^


MO !]ZLV%RUW TCQ^61+)&!ZA7*@_CC-9.F-+;)'+Y89)+2#:
Y9RH/ 'XCD\


M((!'0T %'6EHH 3%&!C&!CTI:* $HI:* $  & !CIB@J,$ XI:* DP...G
M2EHH 3 SG'-%+37941G=@JJ




^SLQ
9 8





S@*Q
*DL!C /'/
M0?D* 



PH PC<75U!%'+?7$31:B8BY$0

M1Y8P6&


A&7)S_=[5MG3;!HHXC96Q
MCB.8T




=*U%





MAMU8Y811A ?KBDGT^RN2YN+.WE+XW%XE;=CIG(YQDT 85UJ=_;27-HDXD87J


M&-U?J'=[R7RK*\$4KK&G[Z




M?8[?

FL






QS1I(AZJZ@@_@:K-H^F





B+&H5_J




1MIUHR#&%

JXGU;^T9;2SNHC]D178W


WAW





P$B


M#
@B1]PN


ML6W&F?84DE6

M@
..
BK
_:G-H<9V;;RZ39<?:/E*<M^
M*].3^?TPAT&
EW^V70E

891G&


F9$!R%;Y<<9Z@ ^] $1UZ3?+FQ9(X;


?#+C&
ITX7K_='OF5]$BFDNVN+JXF2Z #QML


M7';W





2P2/)(C0[L;




]

9QV'


















=\5)#K:R
H



WV7OD21MM&[

M=
;1@CU/7/;\71Z)(+X74EV'8-)\WE?.4?\ A+$GIC P 
=N] !8:S'=PV
E



MRWS?
0..

KL\
I/\JW[J$7-K- 25$J,A([9&*QY=NI5N0U_%_I%D+0_Z.

_


MT(!YEVET;8\%2#C[_/W5_7UXL/91VPOVN\\%\^6A2$L02H4]
\?+[ 9YH




'O@T

M
\




M$F


MYXYEN;075[9HQD
UL=TL@B*JR$?=!Q@@L%X!/3GW -.)S)$CM&T98 E'QE?8


MBS=6.1D\?UI;S3Y)[Z.[AN!%(D
D6&CW [BISU'=1^'IUH S]'UN
:59_;C



46-1@X&3R2!^M5?^$DT_P#M(6.\F0N8\JR-AQG*



;!=QZ*6Q@-[9S3(M7M)HA+&9




8)[9H OG6].2&666Y\E8L;Q*C1D9Z'# '

XD?$+A'!B?=D]


C$-$=NW*C!## '!(YH =)?S7.O/I\$TL


HBD\MU1=
MY1L?= 49)]N:R[K2M3F&H;5M;FXAF0F5A]S9G/RG&=GOU]N9?[+O))-2,\-
MLR7,RRQ@3N
O'<]* +<E];Q6B73R?NG *%5+%L]  ,DD^@JHGB'3'
M52L\F7=D5#!(&9E^\ NW)Q[LF2&[TW0X;6\:TA$
P^SSX8
9) +%
+@84

MO@#








J5 ();GGM[T#1I5@A
MEM[/3K.ZAE679 
)(0&4AB%!Z


M)MEMTD16B*$$LP/7D]
@].:T;FYBM8O

#GT_EDV-4LYKG[--;

M]QN_M

%('4AB
''?!


M'6J T6XECUBWG






R
%3%W&C;@'4Y0'T/S$].PH UQR
TM%% !1110 444

M74

D8ZYP1^=




+I-OP=N[# J



M88KK84()R2 X#*0?7/'2@#J?M





K$9 '/T'6N;NK'4Y8M35M.+3W%C%CQ/&$WC.[&6R!EA_P!\_3-N
M\M]0N+Q)4L3&BW$,V%,8+X !WG).X=..,#@GI0!.NJWGDQLT, )OOLSX8G[


H8;PW4\#@\$\X_K62EIJ EL9[FT^T[(KB.5!Y:DABI&X9VY(4YQQD

MD91Y.79L?





S6)G062VKPB1
QLO


M.:Q$M8]/U^V6UTUV+6


M?*9^NT@G=MXQT[T ;L%_9W
+S6]W!+$G#/'(&5?J1TIO]I6(M1=?;;?[.3CS





M;^UKYCTITABCG+*#$K.5/3=U)4]

MR2
@D8PP/U7\UUZPOKBSFL[2W#J]H4\Y=FYG_NL6/ /MGDGIUH O?;YO[0U&
MVD

MH/)(4#8W/8Y((R

1-JOP<'#9QQC(]:+BQ6/3I)!87$5S++

M18VM_;#2HWLI6%O++YCAX_E5L@$\CUS@#IV[4 ;T\\-M$9;B6.*
=7D8*!^)

]+110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 45DZY)]GGTVY

%

''3G/?-1W]]




M^'ZTZTU*:2'2KM[H7 D@B1HTG*/YF?F('W9#V(/(QQUH ZZBBN4O3-9R7:+/


-Y

\3S'Y@R






MC9'EY

MDX.
?+[G-#DJC
%+$#(48R?;FN?NYUL[S2Y/MTL0O+MBT4DQ(92IQPW( .W@

M'[2HP)2@WJ
=-W7N:L5RUY?)*\_F7TT+?94DL3%(0)3@Y( _UAS@;3GMQS4-



CB-@ID



MRRS;QPREPK$\J

M6Y.G3




#/&3W[_2KM%% !111

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
2 1CC[I]?YT :M%4K?4[66.2
M2:.%W5&
;N R[ON_GV]:D:^M]P1+BW+^9Y94R@$'N/K@'CVH LT5574;%HWD


M/GR@LP/F#_9]?PI\%Y:W#E(+F&5@

0
D9X]P1^% $]%4Y;X1ZE#:&/Y9



#7#6ZS1F=1N
M:



M** BBB@C/!
+_S;=57S(6C9R
@-U4L




DD6*)I&


O(W#JJ3 0$;@KLR[?F.T_


#!CW




M*W?






B) Y9E:
L6RI'!
MR

RPNRHTC!20BXRWL
M
D#\S3Z* ./L]&U!;)8XH+JUG33VA+RW0;]YA=OED



ME

;E8)(R%6-@
 XP

]#6FHA
+%J)C8R%$%V-\:E!

X5Q%C!.X!AG.

MV.CR6]V7BV7!V3K(L2R*2S8'[P$ =
%E.


M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
@B@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH _]D!
end








begin 644 exhibit10-20x12x1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!# ! +# X
A .#0X2$1 3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BJFH7C6B1.(2R32) S;5!




T: A2V064
0

WDG7SR0H'F9VDCGV
M& /I0!TU%8\FN$:F;6*RGEC241/(D;G:2!SPNW SSE@?:M69VCA=TC,C*I(1
M2 6/H,\4 /HKMM::1+..ST\ 7%H;B




8ZCTYH VZ*Q9

YQ^- #Z*R9]8

(99?


C!!SU% %VBN;T^6X6ZCDL(M0EMQ;

M;I/EVA3+SGKTXJ9O$


MCN]02ZLH&BMK993'%-N)SN[LH!X7VQCOFGW.O?9G2*WL)I]L:.ZQ([;0W0#:




=Q/)!EI065TW=@
8^4\Y_/


MAB9P'.!P



?*JC


MSS/&Z

Q
00=O&



M\0PSW.D2P6T+S2.5 5&52 &!)RQ'I2'1H)X)/M$D\DTI1C*[*)$*G*X*@ 8/



3D'&.3@<]: *LWA])GG=M0O T\Z3



M
PL9]!@9(YZ$GCCI5RRODO'N(Q%)%);OL=) 

&JD=G]@5KA?M-]



MTANGMKB*&2-Y69]@\I5ZEANS^6??%+I6MVFJRS1VS?/%@D;T;(/0@J2.W3K[

M6L;OS8F19(0$WH&X5OO8*D]P3[]#3[S4X89/*N(+I5\^*)9$^ZSL01RIR!TS

OKO%Y$L4H!3[HZ8RONW
MYGVQ:&IQ$W&(9VC@+!I%4
1U  );/U SVS4,6K0+:6IMH+FX$DS!5(9UC(
M $D&E+;W+3QW5R#(0TR97;*P &X\<$X&=N![5=E0R1.@=HRP(
H
MX&3STK._M%K+4M0\X7,\0:+H!MA##'?'&?3)H L-HH?3VLFU]


M 







XXS0 YM.4W0N?.E:


MZ/MB&#5H]-LIGOKAY#]KEBC
CJI;!.!DD*.![5H0ZI#=:2=0M%:9-K
$4C)(

84'J3_*KMWXDT
MZTO$MI)06)4

MBB@ HHHH **** *6H6+W;6\L$_D3V[ET8KN4Y!!##(R
'U%1S6%V;B.Z@O(T
*8#[.3LV;<#[_/W%]._KQH3:K90R*DDWW@#N


MV-MW'HN[&W/MG-1+KFFLRA+I6#.8U95)4L.JYQC/H.I[4 5!HMX+EY1?P;6O


M-()
EL@_+TP!C!&23UQB@ M-NK2WLQ'?Q_:+-#CFW.UHSCAEW\G*@Y!'TJ
7LTMQ'*EU)YFU8BI4X]=QSPH[=:9+I EU6.^9XU9




M$&G)K.GR3*.XWL9#%E$9E#@9*E@, _4\T0ZO9SPK+$9F1IO)'^CR [QU!&W
M( ]3P* &V6GW%HIMQ=H]F-VR/RL.H/8MG! SZ9Z

-I:23W
XMXE'


RL&Z;ACD#OT
MJ6ZUNPM)S#+)(7#!(X)) &/1<JI&3Z=:?'JMI/=M:0RGS_F S$VTE?O -C!


BWE




C21/Y17R')1CTRN


5C(&3N8# Z=S0FK64B3
LC

MJ

MC(7&T


7E



MMYC!(7

M/:MBB@#N=(NY?M\M;?40#,S,0T1VA3M&&& 





MMST%% '/G2=0-[/=#[

MG%7];M;J[M88[182Z3QRGS7*#,&QP#UQBM*B@#_L_4L?ZNT_X_OM/^O;[O

69[9X6W3
M-@L3D$#;A1[ ?GU$<FBZA<I!#.+:.-;2SD:.5F(+8^8 J
_='&1U/ISTE%


1DX;9L)8Y7



+;-IV?+\PQCKMYK=



9[9# +4V45M$[
M
6;

\D[1Z]

MVJ_:X89+9[5=0
K.DN7^5PP& 
8)'7/3M5F#2=072S$QMX[J.[:ZBVNS(V7+



M\W!XZ5KT4 1PF4Q*9D1)
?
J
6 ^A(&?RJ2BB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****

8]?F/Y4 :5%07-

M(//J* -FBJ-[J*6EW:0$QCSV.XR-MVJ.


5#*NX+QR0!_.J]CK5I=Y#301NTS11)YH


VS%8L +(I*1@Y+-CIGCKT
MP.]:JLKJ&4AE(R#D$4ZB@ HHHH S=?ABFTBX\V)'VH2NY0<'U%8E\@2UU&-
MO)4QVD\
@('E.=B]


ML4B_=1B. 3B



MAC1(UVHJJ %'H/;@4XQ1MLW1J=ARF1]T^WI0!SOB.R#7]M* SR2.@.1G:BRQ

RNLD:LKG+C'WOK
N<]@!9\




M[]J .KHKF9M=U+S;55@B@

C\!1_;
NJQ6EJL$ ^U6+7

M\\VG&X2V\J[FD@98T8
I3/S DG@XZ8_&@#J:*YG3?$5WJ7F/#;[8725HW-O)



4 :5%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %

5

D?\ I


%MU*Q_O7R


MFJ;H^0S&[ $V^5VWXZ=3V[8K2HH I6FE6=E=27





MP 





MCR\ 

MN1AC:

?WC^A]J -RBH()3)(X\V)PH'#H?KFJ:7OF-9-)($+%MZ@X'
M0XR* -.BLZVU1]



=OYDA+ Q[@


MSUSUH TZ**S=0N9([B-8UD^3YAU578@X!;T')/T% &E169YTJW

M@$

Q6
L8BI X/4''OTH N45D6EQ-/KDY1D:$V

MIYNX+$3(

MO+)









\4LDR1R



M*D#&3TZ?G0!(L3*S






L%


*W*A0<_-MYQ_*F36<@:R1LQ616
M=L( H YSWJY-=QQ6YF.XCLN,,QZ8 .*#=Q?:$A!+;T9]P^Z !R?Q_0T %PI
M8XCA5Y,!W'RK]?7Z#]*JR-BJFW@%RF
2(=H8GNXZ#)SR./\;TDZ1-&&SB0

 ^I]35#3M

M!O

:@D?
0


M44\RRZA%8OE8YG6?YN
8YV^Q) ./3=Z5JRQ)
FV10P!##(S@CD'ZU&UG;26[

M0 1]


6.23

MYRP  /ZI* .=5)C9(TN0TMU^]0


=.G3/YFI)84FVEQR
MO1AP1ZX/:@#
MG$VJ+;



8G)

VYT/*D_3I
M3FLX&DW[6#8Q\KL

'J

M7(\NSMXHV#8D9 _



M ..GKVJWL7?OP-V


MV' (YZC\ZEUGS)++:ORQ


954J6. #C/'3L*FH S(I'%] F$MO)S!L. !R
G

=V]RH;S67;DN2 .IP#P
]


IR

$C
M'0^XJPRAD*D94C&* 

@G'SGD =ZJ2JR!Y5(DBEVP-$$(&2


\


;&+AF!8Y SZG'7G'YZ
MO%*ZNZ LJLH/0@'&
M1^@J#^S++[.8/LR&

M


M6SVBR


MH)Y9'F/(?E)W%$^OJF*T+I[=4;RXY6&'=#D+]
]_KT]Z@O;.62T2SMA&+=


M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH


MC4+(PI
[N8;=6. 97@G\:)KVU@&9K
MF&



M^A99K9=.EM&G\YI
$


L8C)R.
C
M..1THL]0M[B 
;B'S4C5YE5Q^[R

MD 






JA-P8]%)8\*?8'\.M9][IUY*=



H'DWJX^;




8QGO6S

MI &!YW?[0Y_V?IGKJ* .7O+#49K/48!8ES?0((V:1/W)@;&Y]02





+*8P7 ]CU[FHIK_P K5;:Q


ME8X*G /7/'X5MWD

M?99V
D8W


[1HKN&.9;LR
-_

0Q&?PXQ^&W10!
MS#'4#IVEI/9N-0MY?EW-&Q?




M;LR$-A0#P2*M:==B_T^WNPA03QK(%)SC(SBII94AC,DK!47J30!C:A97)U









-U!/--#%(KR0$0#^$GG% ',SV$R2026]]=1IIQC
M4S1/(&(/R]!MW8QVS^-.2R$]Y)






E:6=8)D2


/Q%/FL8H-*DDMDU5I)9H=\7V<IM(<%CMC1<_+NRW(.!SG%=@98UE6)I%$C@
ME4)Y(&,D#VR/SI] '(7=FDL.K0II\IA6\@FCC-LVTJ/+WE01ST?..3SZU++


 UV-4X-

M$L@YR$
W9%1=A!!154*-VWJ.<D^M-MK)9&L2^G2-';:C/A7MB-D9WE
M, CA<[?8<=,5T\=[;267VQ)E^S;_F'@;1W^E/MYXKF!)X'#Q2#<K#N/6@#)
MT*&2WNIHC#E

H6UE7S$AWE6RI'09
MSC=C\0.M;M% '&:?&;:*P T^\+'3)(YU6&1[C;A2V!@\-CGCMU%*+$-9:C$
M--Q _D3)$EJRKP?FPI&2V!SQD^GKV5-9@N,YY.. 3_*@I=A(]&F6&%E40%4


=K'GG..^


]\+N*2.18BV



M _EDWN-W''[N3U[U4-Y?1(;F2]=K:SNS%
P1/WL6!\QXXVDX.


M
I+KO5044]%X Z#UR:YJR$SOI:M?2R2M?W(WOM+( )1QQWQWR/PXKKZK/IMA
M)(LCV5LSJY=6

-E:V\J+/-YX
SNJ%C')M'\##)')

M
*EW(7BEM]CW$2!RKL%/X ZYY&?T-=+#:V\%O]GAMXHX.1Y:

*85(XSCC';)_
T 9LD=U#K
@&J3
R6A9!*L94

M^G2[5%@L(KI%2-?O$-E23G(ROMU[8Y=K5Y)=66J[[CR([4HGE87#@A6W$D9[
MX&#V[UN'1]

#IT&!^0I?L6G-(J?9;4R1(%5?+7*)V ]!
M0!7\0

O&#NXQ@CT


M6L;-WB=K6!GA&(F
8)0?[/I^% %'Q$\I\


MM;0ILAAMD4@K@*@'TZ8H Y[5KB072ZJEG.T=G


]SCK0!C-+K-M#


MBE' 7[O'?=SGTXQ6_P#8K!YIS]FMFED&)OW:EF![-Z_C4266D0.'CMK&-X/D
M#+&@


]0%
II%@L[-GF6*!I6 =PH4N2<#)[DD@4






YQ]H@BEPHWH&P#U







1TZ-QCV]!0!2NM8O;626V

M9TBA
28'S(6Y#.

M^MQ]$L)#
9(I'




MO8Y6#[/;W\,:@J3)N$B@L#G ZD8QT[]JU7T.PD$X:.7$^WS +B09V]/XN/P
MI9MTVX=VFMR_F;=ZM(VUR

AXP1U QGMQP:Z.XM8KA L@8 =

?PX!QCK^9]30!4OM7N+6YMBK6[12R
M1(80C-( Y R6!PN



[CU_BZ'N.A]* *5KJ]U*NG7
S6\5I







K$C (#LH8#/! ..3P: ,Z75+F+6H+7=;2QSR/&$16RA%

#IQ]:T#H]BTWFF%M
MPE

M]
@@XH RYM4U%M2DM[R\Z.V=$F)VC.0&.7!& ?[IS[4V75;YM66T@DM$/V

^9PPX/TP

3I





1;20!8FMV8E=BM@8<<\_B?3MK6-R]V\DR2Q26I^

M\
K=!]S#^ZE#J5VLK;68CKC'S8ZXJL-9U/R7ECDL+B+[9%;1S1QL%96*@L/
MF.[EL=1C!Y/2MZT6(0W)LT/FW#K)()+B3#D$'KD[3P.0.*;%HB3P[+\2[=R
MNL:WTTFU@3AMY(/IQCC% $+ZGJIOWMK6T6Y^S.B3LJJ@;(#$C
F5P#Z-GUI;
M75=3O+PFWL0UF))(M[%5P5)&



 -QCVJ9=-M5EDE57623;O997!.W&._L

M6Z*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***

M)YF(&QTF

#;U_'M

=??K0!LT444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 45GZSJL6C6)O)X9I85(#&(*2N3

UM[F*+4W
%S81
@+$D#CI0!2\/6SV]I(
M2_[N5]Z1?9C (A@ J$))'(S^-8%O;7)\36-ZNGSV\9GN$G/EL25Q\I9CRP)&




'+2

2

M*60$%P
:Q! Z

MXXG1VA949UYSG&

MB60Y96=4&W_:( _G2K.AN9(
$
BJQ)Z?


M*X8H 6QSC/3^5 $M%4Y-2AC$V5D/E8SA.N1VJQ'

O(I\D\<1.\D8&3\I.!0!+15=;VW8(5<D.0%.T\D



YY8CUQ0!/15(ZI:Z6 2J2
M4+E@PPHS@9^O]#4GVZ Q2R(^]8CAMM %FBHC*P&3$X_%?\:A.H1Q:Z57902
MH0#YF8




M;VTKR01^67ZA20O_ 'STH PKF*Y\O4Y&^X8B=CNVY%V







*Q)N==O\





%6&0:M;% . !GKCB@#*#QS:Q#$C#RE_T@'I\VS:%_([
ML58U.))8/($:F2=@F=HSC/S'\!G]*L&TMVC6

LPP



\J;

M @NYS;PJZJ&+2(@!./O
%_K5:.2?^U+D;5($

M%=









M58J \8V[6P

M&!Y84HRL5)ZG/(_2FBT/V^=Q'MB$

M);((4D].N:BFL%&EA5@#3^2D?/)X_\ UFKC0Q1QN$MU8,=Q15'S'CUX[#\J
M ,]KBZCGD=SLD5%)C/*[2QGC.&X/M[UH63RR6L;S8\QAD@#&WVZGIT_J1T
MYP7N4CA^TL1^[(^3:/X,X_'..OMQ4TD4\]@B0!K&4LI(7:=HSDCN.1F@]5'






:YN]IDC2.WC:



M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HJ


M8^] $]%%% !1110 4444 %%1K+&TSQ*P


MZT .HHHH ***B

CE27?Y;!MC%6QV(ZBGT
M%%)38RYC4RJJN0-RJVX ]\' S^0H ?1574[S^S].N+SR6F$*%RBD D#KU]N:
ML1MOC5L8W '% #J*9+*D

VX1JP7Y\*6ZACMSC^+% &A
M15;3KL7^G6]VJ;!/&L@4G.

MBF



M% $5RXCMI'(



XX.1TH YZ6TM?







M8.
^HJ0V4$-_:1/%?W-LMG


_*WUX]
MJ[.B@##6.XO?!1A\N4W4EB8RDJE&
FS!!#8[U1FMKAUFFTJVFA7[.JS(R&)I


$G&74Q_



M/NL


;U )[8/2NDN[.[F8/E
E6CD9&'K@J0:ATNZ@N+*.:SBF\MW93


40JN5! S

@;U



MIPSO;REA$=^W)(SM^9.OU[&G6=E9SZHAO+-6Q+*/.EM99MS$ ,Q3;QT!W'/
M &.E=86/F*GEL5()+\8'3CKGG/IV/M5:VTNTM&!A1PH^ZAE=D3_=4G_@* .
M;L89H/[*SIES));V




MF
]JEL]+N8+.]MH( EQ9I+'9S% H)D^;*GVR!^==110!@Z3 HU))K*UDM+?R

MQ6[3=Q\P+L;&
[N
#V]: .9EMIY+F8&VD&IB[5XKH1G;Y.\'&_&  F05SU[5
M7TV!9D=M#/]JAU3%PR

8SG/..]=?5:QL+?3XWCME=5=R[;

;%9$8L


MX-2TU45




32[?M!G$EDIMWW2/B1\\
ML03SQM()S]X^E'BN:*+2HS+




FEC@B:6:1(XU&6=V  'N30!%

MG^VR*XOX_


M*.AB:7;]H

MG)4X/((R.?6KL$(@CV!F8Y)+-U8GJ34M '-63R2ZL]NTMSY%R5O89GXC&01
MG/3.PXZ?/C'%48[B*[M=/EFOY;A(M3EC:99R5Q)LSL(Z_+C'KQUKLZ* .-T


WS%B8S^?RM^1]*ZNB@#)\52)'X9U$R.J@P

M)& *RYKF:[UEE75H[1%



IR,B@#+\*R))X:T\QNK 0*IVG.!@BHKJ)HM5E@





Y/0YX[=*

M



M:00?O;3CUXJG!=2-H
=S%J

M633U5KX7PW$K

M&

MCD+OQB
'&0


M

M65LCLGEEEB4$K@#;G'3 ''M0!!I U!4E749H93N#1E'#-M(_B(11USC JMJ;

%R0+4K)LW?=

?2-
D+F33K1]Y




#

.3U















Q

PKM4^H&
4G]E6 E$B6D$;

KQU&017+::)I#HNV]D\UM
M-D8RD*S+GRCCICTZ@G^===50Z5IS%2UA:DJI1285X4YR!QTY/'N: 

M;;9$=T:^4N$/7(&.#5N@#\-&,V-V;K9]K^T2_:]W7[QQG/;;C';%4;YWLKG
M4YM/E\A;;387C54!!F3 Y'3 ^ON*Z.6QLYYUGFM8))D^[(\8+#Z&F2Z7I\\

:?9[6*:']T#LSNSU/)^

((_
9E/(4X V\$@XSSFM8Z/IAW9TZS.Y0AS
M O*C&!TZ# _(4Y-
T^-F9+&V5G3RV*Q*

M9G-LR/)L &

JV
]ND-MY3'S9-OF(RABQ783CD@$
M
$5M_P!G67D+!]CM_)4Y6/REVCOP




M
@G+-@X'&.G4BLFXOI;/5KV]C@\U5TZ.=T
22#[5/

M


MQ QD]33J BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

5S:^'&N[74+F)HK1IL%A*7?9GDR!CCCH
=:






H8KL*N7VC)

4BAT









C7

(I80'9 7VY;'&X8)X^OY4 6**YZWUR#3-'MS?3O-
YDQOD1




9'YCJ.E5-




MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB





%=V?X5Y!ZC\*V:* 
JXTV[FNVG6]B&;=H
- 3
MR3G/WA^7Z]ZK'0KT^1_Q
HT



GM[U4M=

*WT.[A:T)OX6







M-E@TR6PEG







M+4XV[0I0CS.0=JGKP1^4WB
S?V#?0LKSR3HR0K!;NQY' .
^_/ K:HH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****



9)R


M  
%
M)RTLWDX
#@JVTMR,XP.OX] : -&BL]=7M L/F3$F7D$0N  3@;N/EYX^;&2
M#4EKJ=I=S&&1C( QPT;+]UMK=0.AX/U'J* +E%4)KV2/5(8=J_9WS&S8.1)




M!1152YGEBO;.-2GE3



M@9! /(-
'7'6M.@#

M)8(4R?EYRI.:U:IR:@JW;6T5O/.\8!D



/


@B2)1*L;!0A)7C9@XW'KGK4JZ#&C+LO+E%4Q$(JQ*OR9



#
&:- I8=SZU8IAD02+&6&]@2%[D#&?YB

D
MS7EQ*)
/YR5C;8


K*WW.JD$_4YJP-%N7





M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH SGU&=;VYB2T$D5NJEBLG[QB1D!5QC\V%11:VTMQ+ -+O@
MT+K'*3Y1%@


3MP@P#[\?6I;F6&XE

5&USG!QSD#(/) 'I3M*=&MBD
=PD2


!4GYF#$84]^#DG&10!?AUR!XKN6XMY[2.


MX'RGH3]: +=GJ\=W]IC2WG2YMOOV[[0Y]
?-M(/(SGJ*DBU)'TK^T'@FCCV;








9'2@!:**KR
M7MO'MWR;=QP

;1@MN#
]0R:G!''*[A@(L[^F1@9]: +M%13SK!LW DNX10.I)_^MD_A3&O(
MEECCPY:5L+A#@]\_3WH 06,WK7BB03
 &Q*P5L# RN=I_*K-5KR]BM$#29)



M;[3Y.XYV;\X..N*L+
CP^:FYE]E.?RZT 2454_M&$R/&J3-(@!91$V0#G';V




M(H LT5!#=1S+*?F3R6VOO&

M*A2YC=I!DKY8#
6&
 Y_PJN-4MVMDF&[YR!L.
C)QS].I^E %ZBJL]]!!8SW



M!'0T +15.34(T:1=K$I*L78 D@'C/H#D_2K*2QR
5216(Y(!SB@!]%5EO$:&

MVZ#^?\V6[.NLI'NDV&W=MK

M(-6C8:=
3

)0YGD8 $;3MP??@4EQ;0W2JLR;@K!AR1T.?Z=

['DD#I^'L


MK;-G$;46[&1T!#?.Y8D@@CD\]12SVL5P4


DJRO$
MC2*



R([ L4^Z&.0OO]??K1+;132Q2NN9(CE&






'W([5:U$O&MN8CMS*%( ZC!XZ&




X
M0
Q7 (5L+CEN@[=1ZG.NMI$C3
N_

M?V'Y4 
42)I_E2)#;8^15!
@*^PX.?:N?8F0W%W]I98@I!4
0S;=P(V^9QG)

MZ;5V@#L
9-5;+G4M1)))61%&3T&Q3@?C5[&1BH;:UBM?

08&1MS%F+$G&._
ML* ([YU!5C628CY7=M]S[5BZ8(;%@T,EQ$9I5=O*+LN'.&Z=^X^G'6NDJ
M.!+=66



O
M0@DD_D:G%C;B%HMAVLNT_



L /

N1G/0G@#V^]4U

M:.

MKO8D+C';!&.V*=-:R&ZCNT7#1G:L0 PR]\^A]/3'N1186\]K=3+)&K)
3)YB

W1

MUMI\5E'(Y*1B(W$F 54#'RKZ_7ZG-3FSG:U^R[D5(I4


M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H


MLH)56W ?C@9_*I: BL&XUR^M[74)GTZ'_07NOVD_


M0

MC)8Q13P7;;=[REG!)XVGG /''-066J:C=H9/L%JL:S-W^EG=E6*G \O!Z'






A6^48)Q[CWH TJ*Q[?4M2G:4?8+11%*8F_TQLDC


M2)?VK1LXC#+








MXCL9I8(H)$:17C'+%2


M#OG)_*ET6VN['36-U$TMQ&HB558%G1.%Y)QD\GD]ZTY)-J.54R.JY\M2-Q]!







M)&Q= S(R$CE6Q
W0R_9IO
:$

MZ* 

MW3/'*.
A1N. V.1M&
UU=% &-I\-XVN37DME]FAEMHTP\BE@REN

M\-FD5@RAE((/(([TM &=JEO/+=Z;-!'Y@@G+.-P& 8V7//N16-;65^HLLZ;-
M&R7\T\C;XOE5PX!X;G[X_P^3[9ZJB@#E['1FAL&CN--FFNHK=H=[W/F)*/


M!R







S6WVD.JC=M/S.5 Z$,%YKK:* .*M[Q)[2#[?)
]UH[.ZFX+
TJ





ME$)NKAI8M2VE!([L(V&0& R=OIFJB.UM:-%'=R6Z-J$R7
LCR.(QE]F2'!7/

M)*2 O[ML_

=AV;E).3C[_ '['
ML

/+ZJYY8
M!MHSZD@\UUE% '&V.J '3I/[5
\LE[/ =\X(=!OVY48'79SC^(8X.*ETN2[G

D5

^E0ZE=


4#3@C(+ ]1SQGGG@XKK:* ./\
MM;R*4OM3FCD&G&0QB7RB&!X8@8(.



M0178@(?*X)8L
XYR




MV@Y+C;C !X/WQQ@\'TKL** 

M?$5OY-Q/M-S)#.LDY/\  Q $?0#(X/!/N#73T4 87AVXE9YK::7SY(U4M
LY


;RPIN)5BO3Z

ZBT5W=/;/#;[9TF8Y^=LCS6Z#YAGG(!..G'8T4 <=O$L5A]IGF
M*PZD\987#GE7VC<

M#!1GUKI:* 
8;G.UI&8;2B<X)QUSS[8Z#C;HH **** BBB@#(

:
SX Y)?@*



Y48(Y!JT9;L7LUK)?3H]RB







$$%F_3%=
+.U4(!;0@(






W\*D[MV.C8&10


?F


ME'NKE?WK7DBX90 \NQ2#




M^0% &A1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4



M?EXZ ]ZZ*B@#)U+3%GDMWV;UBD14BC;&N1N./I^G'KFOJ.B1N^G($EN(UN
M!YH=OE-QR!@8Y Z=ZWJ* 

MS7D\TMLJ
 T5L?. $:?WA@'DX';L!ZYOZ;]J-J#?Q1I= E7
9R'P2 WXCG\:
MMT4 9BZ8\

'^D2S?9W

M??#KU% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!S7C6%[?3I




::)8YG\YU$@&.P; Y&<GS^']







JKH#@





M[#'I5.?Q#J
/VH[;5A!?K:#Y&&X
.#][J




M?+N4
#


K#OOSNS^- &#JC7,'BRN=ENMZMA
SD LA*X..Q(_+K3SX@OY
M7TKR$MD6^M7E8.C


M1#P[I@$ $

6V2&*XO('F9I%+(

M3=6CW4

MK6.B6D

Q_&K$FGVLMN('B^0-O!#$,&_O!@<Y]\YIB:38QK;JD&/
MLS%XOF/#$$$GGDG)ZYH M21I+&T<J*Z.K*PR&!Z@BN9\#106^FW\HCCC(NY


M
U77P_IJ.7$
A9H#;EFGD)
9_AR6_P#U4 :E%
BC6&)(XQA$4*H] *?0 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%

E2T %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110!!=1O)'^ZC1G((W



M%7:* *Y@D^WK.'01(H4\L;LY'.[T]JL444 %%%% !1110 44T,K$A25.#@

21)%W1NKC.

M= ZH64.P)D\G'7^8H =113#(@D$9=1(1D+GDCUQ0 ^BBB@ HHHH **** B








C'%

D8QT Q6;
M&N5MG4


M5K.1BRPAVRI3'53@?
F.)-.MY0B)YD8<A1QDC- %JBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***


M'SH5/!QT(!H DHHHH ***9*)#$PA95DQ\K.NX ^XR
_G0 ZBL*#4M1DMI;=F


48!&




M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110



MWN?))\VX=L





 5((/(([T 8+:(\E]]HN++3;D2Q(L@F&\Q
HQ\I*_
#Z?+5W3;
M6Z@O]1FG6$1W



!AGKD



M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!GZHNZ6Q.P
WGD#*@_\LWK-
MLXE-J@\E7


M=';VRQ2$2D1(G;@;0/3W[T ,NQ%]DC@N=A4!HQQN]L] *S=.FA@N%N)+=7
?*%%/*R
M-AYSNQZU-0 4444 %(V2I .#C@^E+2$ C!&0: 






BBWM)/+D6]E6X+.2


MN7



M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% %.^U.UT\9N6E VER4A=PJCJ3M!P/K26VIP78;[
D[LNTE6A:
[6. PW@9
M'!/'I4/B22.+P[J32.J!K:106.
DJ0!]235#4M0ABT33;J'4%BC
\ETD4*Z
M[@&!/H!G./3F@#8O;Z&R@,LN]E#JA+N()(QGTZCK5JN/N6MK.+7#+
R
U[&


M5#;&$QMY$OF+O;)\POAL\C))Q@]NW2IJ BBB@ IDLBQ1-(P8JHR0JEC^ ')
M_GTR66.&)I976.-!EF8X 'J30!!87]OJ-OY]JSM$3@
T;)GZ;@

MUG3DT:TA^VP-.?E$*R N26.!MSGO5;1I;N?S+B;5E%T(G$]IY;DQ/C@E2Y P

M?7T&GPB:Y





MU206/GVX63[1N!8N1(H8DG 7!(!X_
4 =C17+7GG#5OLJ:J;)8T5K7S?
D
H





MUGGU023&/%Q9[7W1O[@N=N

M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444@Y&10 M%%% !1110 4444 %%%(
@YH 6B

C.



JKV\K:C'<2
1+&5
M*&



P.
#!&T#O[UH7-D9)9YT;



M((]P6


9V'R++M@_\!4'^=4X;.]BU#4)HI8(X[B577?&7) C5






MQ_R#C






KQO)%&[1'*






MPNGVBC84P(5'RDY(Z=


'5QJ&Z(2+)Y@:

M82RM+)8VSR


M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110!4OQ$\:K
S%

M;U)QSC\N
UMW



M36T XB +@R8Y;;QGUQFHK*2%A


M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@


W*]






8PRX_6@#6M;VUO49[2


1:8EXH2




M)>S.Z+L5FM[
N;=R7UB<A
M5


MY+:;SH+Z:*7:$WI;VZMM&


I'[KJ:V*
M* 
+_A%[;+'[2^64(W^C6W*C&!_JNG X]JK7/A)IKF-A?H854)LEL('8 = I
MV@*/;%=-10!#:P&VMHX3-)-L&-\F-Q^N !^E3444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444

$O[L'(X*



MH(X[=2:DHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH R=:.HPR6\VGSLS;L-:LJ[90%
M8D9QD

]15V[M[F:YMI(;
MB*-(7W


M



MM\]* )!XBT\ZHNGB0&1G


\3Q')^5R
CGV)'
MO5&QTZXLIY-EVIMI9#*8_*^8.QRV&S]TG)P03SUJ_$)!&!*RL_.2J[1^63_.


9CW$_+MRIR-IVX'0]* '

20N


QA261\1YD4Y^88('&#D8'3BIY=56*[2%K6YV.ZQB?:

]O8&H8]3MI(RZF3 C$O^K/W3G!_'!J+5G19;$





\C/K600
MTVG-)'B9I08HA

2


M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444


4JQ2*K ;V.N?]X?G5Z@
P1&X%P8D
P4H)
?
%ZXSZ5)1
M10 4444 %%%
E=DB9UC:1@

M&59%VJT3F-@/0%2#BI+6VCM8O+C:4KG.9)6D/YL2:GJGJ=]_9]O'-Y+2AI4C




M;:&[A





11P31F;&26W

LSR$#T!8G X'2K5 &3XC;=HSH(YY#(R

1E2I/&[L?4&NF


D$A9&3..G*D&IE4*H49P!CD


M*T)1T;!V_O/NL/0=1FNFHH XR:QB@TJ22V356DEFAWQ?9RFTAP6.V-%S\N[+



L 



MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M***9
'
+B)E60J=K
NX ]LC(S0!5EU;38

HS@X/?L01^%3/=V


OD#Y =I]!V/TH Z)B%4LQ  &23VJM:ZC8WKE+2\M[AE
M&2(I58@?@:?&]QOE
\4:1+_JRDA=F'N-HP?8$US5G'=R36YMWOBRI
)K;RU
M@R05+(-QR 


CA[Q
&-P#:')RO*C

M #_=[XSQ0!J7%W;6H0W-Q%#O.U?

]34JL&4


@;BS ?*PY
MP


MO#\
CQ3F[F41X





C=TYZ@T ;0((!!R#WI:KV*NEC;


'+LJ@Y.=HR1T&!GI0
M!JT5BRZW+'&1]DC









M5R@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ JK=:=8WKA[NRM[AE& TL2L0/3D5:HH K2V%G.JK-:02!5V*'
MC!POISVX''M2'3;%FW&RMRV\29


M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
)110 4444 ?_9
end








begin 644 exhibit10-21x1x1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!# ! +# X
A .#0X2$1 3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *

T :4^MVEM?2V\SA
M5CA64N#NSDL

\=M:
<#ZXKEM22&5+N:

MPVQ&E96E!6)U8A8V(W')'!P2*NV-^+R29/(EB:+;GS-O.X9&
$US@T^YGTN2



M!

UK

H/O5BB
M@FFF6J2Q2;QA $*LQ*Q\8^4=

I-2RVT4MN(&&(QMP ?0@C^5344 1SPI<0M%(4;K@D'\Q26\$=
MK;QP0KMCC4*H]JEHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBL[6-7CTB.*


^2!T* .Q()VGH20
G

VGW 1=&
$I:V;#
M.#RIXY.!^/;--L-
E?\ X1=[C3Y7CMUF2=9(#E3CY=P(Z9Z$\5W5% '.:;HL



S@*.#MQD$5UM% '$65I.E


ROX1M/[46XMGM9XUF6:0)

M)IC:6[GR5Y)'W0V 

M4K$&^;EF=R[-VY8DD_C0!S&NZ5.VI6UO IBT]H75&6W:80S




B;Q( NYERW'*G!Z^XJE:9:ZFE9QTC%51^

@8':06YSC./RYK.
MOLG18OW4LA:
1CC<<]CU]* -V*
M1)HDEC8
C@


'& ?K5:

DC
-R1CRU8-\W0#..GOCI0!-'?6\OE^
M7)O$K%4*@D' SU]


M[G8*O R3@4ZJ


M\R1W*
)0PDQM/D1]?FKI* *S:C8J,F\@QG'^L%22W=M^V:XBC;T9P#5*P:

MR+*KHS[ R_



Y9

FZ)PRY(R*DJ.-90[&21&4XVA4QC]3
MFLV33HO[7M9K9=LT;
]Q




U#A[MI%E@4E=ID<' QU')%9SQ;([6W$J,$GED"7;E<MC
M+9ST8?K0!NI(D@)C=6 )4E3G!'44T7$3736P?]\B!V7'122 ?T-0:?(6$J!(
MHT0@(D;9P,?2J:.$UF:^/$+%;3=VR.0?IN)7ZF@#4FFC@0/*X520N3ZGI437
M]L@RTH R!D@]2<J^M9-K#M&3]IBP

 _3GE

MNCISFI0ZG&&')P.:B6ZB8N%+ML8JV$8X(_@5D!!Q\IP0& Y%51I\8?*O(J


MD5C&@PY
BAV=5;HQ)/'?K5@R(%9BZ@)]XD\#ZU#_:%E_P _=O\ ]_!_C0 V
M&P2&,QK)(8]X948Y8Z =\9YQ_2E^PPL'
F7=^K9P1]
=/PIZ7EM(CNEQ$40

M6R





M#'%
:U5KQ+DR.2@(5





MRVX*#\I..?S-6** J

&/T)('''';BK=% %
M*TTJSLI?
MXF5@I5=TC




M2QHJ


M SH%C6]F807#?O$V_.3MX')R:9J;W!U*U%ON=4D;(RH^;RVX4XZXSU]1^&G-


ME%&TARY

QEG2.$*S$$*K
@XX_BY'MM/X]*0#U




0








MHDEC.4=0RG&


[V(P?7OV]Z?7)Z

C^6





T




$


M_)9KO\ 


+@[BP:0CYLY/)7C.#D=1B@#L]Q\PKL;&
[N
'V
M]:=7




M^UQ#JSGR;2.X@Q=?\M#NY'/(/R?+]WYNG-68;F:]U=G_ +7CM]DBM%%M8^=$
M54Y7#A6!YYVDCUH ZFJ\][;V^WS90-V[& 3]T$MT]

M\#%K@?

$E!'?9
M@9_#.S]*9XFDCBT*X
DHB!V@




''?WKF+-FCE\NWGD%\-

MR%P1QA0#GOQ3)KEK:P%ROB(.DEQJ$KL.X;P2[
1\IR5XQMZ8S0!VE%8VA7

CVR
MSE?ER0

@#JZ*P]&BE








M

\:X^5 [A0S'H/\ /H: )-0M%O[&


M23'
#0OM$JX'(4D_H3574=6O+2+5G2&!C91K)&&8_
3GCKQT_6@#;J 6W^




M@D3;:W%O+.\9DB3S1\X['C)Q[@&H-'U2+4;&WD


Y# @]/2I8(5A4@%F9CN9FZL?6BX

#!K8+=B?[
(?




A@RC!/0




M4EAJ



9E5\X^4L-N.#]T]Z -*BJQNX(8'
MFGNH%B5B/
+!5'/0DGK4Z.DB!T961AD



9. !T Z#M4U94&J75U:F\MK#S+4H6CS+B23T(7&


:&0RW
&T2!!R!


MK\V

M2Q=;J.&9'0F-RJ
P_AWJ.?7/&
8.:ZRJ]S96EYM^U6L
^TY7S8PV/IF@I#
M)O#GV:W5Q_H[0*)2-V0O)!(ZCJ.*H/;7CR[VTR0G^SC#OC.&/\/WO_ *U=
M      .@%+0!S']E33SHU[8W$L,MM%$R1W7E^6RYR'N PYSD9[\5JZY'/)
MI3PVUL]Q(Y4!491C!SDEB/3]:TJ* .=O+.^N/[1C^R


M_P !]ZWZ* 




M+RV
*. 
#\NM6;2QNBVNAK$V_P!LYB)9

?+VG[I/4Y/([UT-% '




&!0LS
M# .2








=02


M.2*TZ* 

Y1
M7=IK:6X#R








MQ
/RWB79C(/3OQQ6A110 4444 %%%% !1110 5F
M^;-=W]TL$I46@!
X#2

M( Q]#[4 5]0OKW3K1II$B9G\N*(!R0)&(4Y^49&3G/?T%6%M+U0
ZC))N)W[



J(-
MJ*QP

^GQ6DM^DB16XA
HR6




MQN4CE77=\W3/!%:%M'.@W7

M8


PN?D=NR)_
M%D^N.![_ (U;02!WWLA0D; %(*C'.3GGGV% $E%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %037=M!


[$&YL*20/H.:YW28KF2'1FVW+11S
S%O+V*/+D&

AR#N)Y/7L




MC4=AURI(/ /(]*Z&*YE_L
;T5R$VEH6

M9

V<\5


M*Z\CY64K

YXS[9I[ZG9




@





%FGBC
M8C(#N :8=0LAC_2X.2 


DZ%XR2H8KG!'(.#^HK'OI9EUN


EM
DR!BI9&R
CJ*3[5#]M-GO_ 'XC

@XQUZC\*C%K;VVG-;J






MD+]K^T9._9LQVQG-344 5;NQCNV@
CR!89%D*V%8@Y&1[$ THL;59995@19
M9AAY /F/&.M6:* *5MI=O;/T;3$PKM7?
S#&

?MUQMF;+X(#8 P%



F
$=%/;':H#H5HUA]B=[AH=NT#SF&
M/RK4HH C$2F%8I/WH  ._G..Y]Z@U&P34+9X'DDC60;7
9 ++W4^Q!/YU;HH

MG_OFDBM$1I&=FE
CA_GP=N
8Q]
?6K%% #)5+Q.@=D+ @














M_:@0_:H]NV^\I5BP


TR,DE$;R C&

MR



$M@ #DG)X& /P&* .%M=0AB\)9AO\ R9EU#GRY

D9YSDK][KQQ[5W]%
M'(7US?#6EM+.X6.


MZUVM-==Z




M@


C  
I!' &.ASCMCB@#234K-UC83

MOMUH(!.;J$0EMHD
@VY]

Q@$_.

JQ

J\8/4U=\2;!?@3)&V]55_D49CSG))
MD'=2
X& 3S0!T/\ :5EYJ1YC9W( 5#N//3..GXU+=7,5I:RW$S$1Q*6; R?
MRK TF2]^T&.6*..29V;

MM08^BG'IUZT =
XV=/<4 ==;W4-T',#[_
M VV-P1@X!Q^HICWULDQA:3]XK*K* 3@M]W/UK.T624V=W)! SJ\N^%FD)60




MD7_H J2Y);4+2-O]60[?5QC;^A8_A[4 3RW$
&/.FCCW=-[ 9_.HFU*Q52QO
M(


02,X[#ZU;

M*JR:G8Q[@UW#E3M*AP2#G&

CR\GY06')(]37/3(
MTMK

M5U#;.^)9PQC7!YVXS_


Q





 #H*6

&4C(

%1FD #$\@ ]S0!8H
I-.4AE#*001D$
M=Z %HHHH ***C2:*1W1)$9XSAU5@2IQG!].* )**IKJNG.\B)?VK/$TBB92
M4 ZD\\8I\5_9SK&T-W!(LC%$*2 AF R0
'DXH LT444 %%%% !1137=40L[!



M)/.J





P6


GO6)J5S-<:%.MQ;16]
MU%J$2S&(Y1WROS#\
5U\L
4Z



M]
.W.G6AVKL7]PO\\#CIR?SH YY]=U.XATJ*V5O/N[1IB8Q&[C&!\YQCKG
M'..E
U+5]4@?4'6Y



NJ;3K%\[K*W;(53F)


M#^?';#]6\*6FI7
4ACMECCC$8C
3?*H/\)1UQU[YK4LM+M+/RW6%'N$C$9N'
M0&5P !RV


M!^5+_8^F9!_LZTR&W@^0OWO7IUH Y\ZYJ(O1+NRAU3[#]EVCA
??SC=GOUQC

MM0_V/IF0?[.M
AMX/D+][UZ=: 

















MY;&
$I]#V_K!S@XZT 9]CE-4U&-?]7N1^O 8KS_ !_'WK1JTMEMD?YM\D
MC;Y)
%VQC/Y #Z 5/0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %1M-$C;6D12
M.Q85)6-J6Q+V1Y&CCC2W\UV


M
;22NJ(HRS

M_=/!K2MKR&YEGCBW[H'V/N0@9QV)ZT 6**** BBH[@RK;R&W56FG8KG )[

MY'US6H+J]30UGF:(W!90'13M92X .#TR#TH TQ)&9#&'4R*

] &M#<0SM*L<@9HFV.
M.ZGWI998X8S)*ZH@QEF. 








M&)9%3S')N.-S'H![\5BZ+/+-%B2!+.WM\3'&-SGG&[MM')_P!ZJ3 WFM91
M+I8;:)7AW^9(6+EEW_?!7A2!Z@F@#JB0JDL0 .23VJ(75N3@7$1/IO%9-E&L


M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !5*6P2?4DNI0&6- %4Y^]G


\)X\Y0VX3X&!NSGGWZTMSI

#VQQ6A10 R&
10I&2$4*?:GT
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111


).XC*'J


AACJ1GGMZ8K1T/4)]4MX;HO#Y1B D01%667/S#)8X ]
?C5B:P6*6YO

TZ[TV
MUO)5EFC82H

 CUQ4=



%!QD$9'/H*TQX?TP111?

;896QU^;K\

ALY[1('

\G

XYZUSW@73XI

MM





MF%%*^2UVTR


;?3+L9L1:F81G[LKYQSZ@#M5O4Y8M

Y1U8JR'U##!'X&FM
MIMH]JUL\7F1O@MO=F8D=6)SD8ZYH @TC4);N:]MKA4\VTE\MGC!OD @@$G
M'7IDUHD C!&0:I)I%BD2QB$X683Y+L6+CHQ8G)/US2Z?IT6GI.L1.)Y6E89.








DG'!B3:9A%O$ Q
MDMC^]0!JTF?TK(L[DV^F0L710UQ(A:3H!O?W]J:+Z..6^D6\M=V 1T^;_[U







?E:7:#UZ8.16C?F6*VGF$PHA;:4!Z@Y16
M5;6


MR-'YZRQ_(Z2NQ*]^A)'XBJ=\6CNWF0F:X*;



/%-'(#*
@G;A!P1G!YS[#TR.M2127$49^TQ[G+G'E'=QV[#'TY^IH

+P!]X?=Z'TZ^X[ %RBBDH *6LZX1[V4+)%(L$9#
MJ 0&9NQ/ICKCU^E/MI[N57CGM61@IVR;P%;MV)*G\Z +M+7-0S17

NX[0TV






M))/X#\J8+&:)X'5TE*RF1PXQRV02N/8G@YK0HH I2VT@OH[B%5.$=6+'')*8

T3@$1MSM

F3M)X7:

K$[BZ*/F^8@#)_  8'OSSQ+;17$%A' !$DB#8
E0!
MP#@\]


ACD1O





M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110












MW6;S/F#[BO*X^Z6&






M=QE0ZG!'0+MZ$CIS6=?:(88!#;I=W

LTD\P#Q
Q9NVV0;









B*C
?3FM/4+$WRQ

M*
]STH9[C$?RL%8!@3UZXYS45OK6HB$SW%G;&#[6UNSBX;*?.4SC9TSWSW



M)



M@6;3@Q =ACENF#Q^%2Q^'($B6
W=TX'FC+;


94#MQ4!T2
MWEADCN99[@N@C#R
 R*#D;=H&

EK#=23Q75PGG$-*@*[


M?IQ5IM

 G()!QQD$&@#+U&[:^ELI(XO]&COTC67S






ZJ))4W/Y8:6WDC7?G&W+*!G/&*TJYB




C)8%R[
A(]


MQUSDYS6E;0%+^;3FENV\N47*.US(28R
 $YZ;@1CICGK0!M3RK! \KABJ*6(


.



OFMM/TM;&[\RXETZ;$)EW R*%V +G .=PXY.#GI0!W



MU (R

-+^&]N9+6RDB<^:LIB'F K@%P1CC.!WYK

#Y*[065L_


/;%98D5C)\S#< 06/)
M^7)SG/&?6@#;JG-JQ7:VZP3RG*AWC4$1[NF[G/Y X[XKOO-&J?9(]5-C$(



QZ9^]QGZ5
TCI=:S'9WD]
2W

MR*=X;)YQK)N+:22




M0_D.Q:
X='1D9?JK $59KG[R!+&?4+Z\=Y+DQ1F2W/D*%!.!DL=HY.3NSZ5
MG65V9KC3[2ZU9=T]Q$T0NP!8)\W#$] #GTH ZYI
!M@
A4@%5(R.GJ?0Y




RNQ5



M6-!A5&!3Z* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ 6W^E&=YI''

M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444

6$+L




M&6]S@ ?D*=0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !3'C23;O16VD
-PS@CH:?10!&L



M'D7:[!!EAZ$]Q4]% #418T5$4*BCJHP /04ZBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBJLE]%'J$-DRR^9*I96V'9@?[73
M/MUH M4444 %%4[R]






M$JH9=V5.&[]!D4 7Z*H3WTBPPO'$5

M8USLE6
A_EY+*/\ V:JIU2X

CQ6\;E$F8_.?X&P.W?G\J -:BJ-YJ

M3!SCY2BEUS[D43:@4MYID@9A$

_I6S0 4456N;HP,H$3."2PX _&@S167!J4KIQ$LS
3L\ML CMS]
M*L7UY):Q


MEB$D

B9VB
2:

M2M#3VB6YO@
1GS Y0KM*C8!D^V5/(XJ^  20!D]:

M;EA_%D



M:
?I0!@36\J27$XMT4


DHT^Z^SR*PMYFSX!(5CU4^G.2/J?2K$<T[7\T31*($

?@1BL:+SX)UN0WG0PQ%#.(22Y)
M!9L Y/W1R
UN


#I10!AZHVZ^TF2X;;^\+O;G!VXAD

<@1<

5J$ XR.E&!G..: 
Z2 W4][;](Y




MC?





MUO






MEN(76)DFC82C

XZXSWJ6@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 


8]#US6C3&C1G1V12R9VL1RO

N


M1GO0!@+?:BD?[UKTLL49;%H3EQ)A\83N



&7P]H\;H\<J^4FV5I5@
'(//8_SZ5NTUD1G5V52R_=)'(^E.H S+AC_P
MDED/+E*BVF4N(F* LT9 +8P/N-W_ )C.G110 452NM4M;2Y6WE\\RNA=5CMY
M)



*FH ***AM;J\@$]M()(R2 P'<$@_
MJ#0!-1110 4444 %%(2!C) SP*6@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** 




%QE9V/_
MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C
M8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V/_P  1 .V D
# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** HY98X4WRL%7(&3ZDX%252U8A;1&8[0)X23Z?O%H


D@$_H*QI$EBEED#AF62)&!8XR6 !Z=MV:NZ@LVVU7?N594+
X@#<P&2:=+(D
3RR
%1 69CT %9RK-'J3F*
MT@#^2.!)@=3WVU9O0&BS.=L8=P.2Q'1?S_/I0!821)P4YVG!X]@?Y$4V2X






M6



Q[/^/5







M))G#OYI 5LY]?N\XSVP/6M6_):-%:4)#(0OR@L7SVXZ#_/% %FVN(KJ!9H'#
MQMG##OVH
\8E


T :+74*O&CL5:1MJ!E(W'!.!^ /Y4U[VT1B
MKW4*L#@@R $&L7SGEU2U5QS#J!C#?-\P^S



MQ!73C/*YB


M8F!SZU3L_. T];P @3-\Y(*

 CG^E '0 AAE2/:HOM4&9 TBJ8VMN
M.
$]/SR

G/M@^M &K
M+(D
3RR-M1%+

@8Y_45EW[E;Z61H2J10L2


M_%/25)'D13EHR%88Z' /\B*QKY6

MLFP\F5))QC8HYY]1WH T:*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ J*X@6XC5&) 5U

IGY0 3@X]?FZTX6Q%MY'FLZD$
9/F)'IS
M3VN(4\S?*B^4


3M8J!@$Y).!Q^
G6@ 6

]Z;





1#

\D@#]2*&GA3.^5%QURP&* (#I\+6


M?R)_.I+B$7$+1
2H..1UX.:EHH *IV^FP6[HR-*2C
PW.2


MB@ HHHH **** H;F1XHU,:,[,ZKA1G )&3] ,FIJ9(GF+MWLHSSM.: 
:W




W69&VM^G&/




3#$HA
MDDLP;C& K
6%Q(TF]2V6SG

M-N



M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
TZ[IZ

:84

M^GS.Y-S$[H%.!L3S-Y./O'.[J

@E^SLYWDJP=BH.




TT]G]C
M



W 5B
_I


25#)'


R59!+ JNQ9<*0V<8/?H
M:M5QWF0O?WPTV^9EDM82D[R.ZG$C;E


')4'IGTZTT:A:F[^RB7][G:/E.TG

M%E*X&



DTFD%A&)-
MY\Q-H&U

MFM-;G4UT]1&C6Y96Q(V3G&'4


M.1@*03V_&HWFANUM#+?2SI%JDD;2).00I5]H^0C'. 

M@QD_G6';6\D6I2Z:TEVT8D%TDK3R'

;-Q/9AT[@U9\1W'V72C-]J-L5E3Y
M@P7=\PR.?;/3TH U:0
2 02./2N0O-319-3E756/V:]@$0$XJK%-XP..



X^R%'+/%R%.^
M






M4Y$9&3P

2\MY9X&&X

BF%VUC





M&1-1M=X?8%


MA6*
3D^W4<=R 3TA&001GN.U5TO[.3R]EW WFL5CQ(#O(Z@<\FH;K5+





MZX(.* +%%5(]3L)8O-COK9XRXCWK*I&X]%SGK[5;H **@:]M5G$#7


ME.1]X'O@T1ZC9W2[K2^M9 '525D#CD].#U/;^M.EU&RA6=I+J$?9QF4;QE/J


1UQ4-M;_9U.
M97F=CEI),;F[=@!^0JG!K$:O<Q:CY5E+;;=Y:8&,AL[2&('7!Z@5:DURBA2


M4D

MTQF\^1'A\UHRKA513QNZ\$C.!P
D5!;V&I07;W36SS*+TW&QG0.ZM$%R #MR

%CY421S*\89 8RY5LD XYVGIGD_C6K$[21*[1M&

GQ';S75C%#!;2W'[^-W$4BH0JL&/)88.!Q@]?2B:P^



*IR?O$5B7&F7++=JNCLRMJ4=S




JD-D)AEQDG.TGG!

&EY









M@]^3^.U91O';+YHQ*_SN
YPQY(_#I^%/E@AF9&EBCD:-MR%E!*GU'H:DH S]

MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#/754^VBVDMKF(

PM#Y

ML\TEM=/;Q*H



&Z6:(16R3&64 !U(QD

M)8XY XQ6G:1W

GG\?PH J-K=NLMVIBG$=F2)Y2H54^7

M5L[N6?RFFV(@'RA@IY8@$\YZ_P!*KW'BK2X%A=ILK+&LN=RJ55NAPQ!/3H 3
M5**QN;/6K.VMI9!LM)$

M$E3?NYPP.1AN3SR/:@P-31[AHH;:XF17\MI44% V

MN;6X@DGF=(@/NDKGJ5..@/!ZD' XS5JQN+:[D:&Z06TLGFO$T66#'KM;(P





MA[FR6.TF
<9]LTRSL+MC:2B6)+8OM7[
R^8& Y(+Y4



@$9XS3=




F]2K8W
M*5R
]!W'2JRZ*T$D

RLS/'N5S(P9N

MLMK
S0XZ



GVIMWK2Q'4ENK2Y6VM

M;LG/3G@&F/KULDDJB*X989DADD *I;&T\D$@[ATSU]*BET6:1KD?;%6.]C


MTR


M) P0
D97&?SK33Q'ISZF+$2@N69 V]-RYR

VH6T44-PD#
M)

?K@
3^&
M
26
JI8Q8#.




O- !/XGTRXBB
P?S-GS*Z?+OP5R0QR#P#CO5^_ODL(XI)(I'625(LI

DZ:@N9+E+AE:#*Y50
## \





M'7'Y&@#3!R
CI2USUG?W2^&F7E+VT86\@DP6&& SCH6*D$#H21UJN]QJT4#3


M'6=6$EU)(%F54C;;@#RT/&!GC=C_ .OS0!L453U28PVH*W#P



[L%




?:]9CTR:[-[:%)$22%@PE(RP!QA4&W!'J1ZG-6)[ZZM9;J
MW:\S_I$2+-(B_N@XYZ #M@9SR1G- &Q;7EO=M




XYY'/K:EU&[?P@VI1[8+K





MOJ%XZ6ES
MABQ4LV

M7E*KA6D8%OE&






MP\EM

M@#H**YJSU'4
V
D]R)3+=SV[QK&%5@N_!'4@Y0=^_P-/74+Q-;6#=A]]L9
M/L[(-L;XS@$#.!SD'/3M0!T5-5PS

\]NE '045S%]?W7]GZG%+



ACP1\V#TH ZBBB@ HHHH *

MFZA\HI]G8*&+ [P1G(QVYH E2UMXYVG2)9F&&D 

M-



M(Q7


R-O5C$I*MZCCKP*MT4 4UTK3DB6)+U6
M-7\Q4$*@!O[P&.OO4XMH%MOLP@C$&W9Y00;=OICIBI:* *0T?3!MQIUH-JE!
M^X7A3G(Z=#D_F:EAL;.#R_)M8(_*!;(P-@/7&.F:L44 4_[*TXQ/%]@M?+D






&=V+NP&

M22C:[M$I+CC@G'/0?E5JB@L-/L@T+SM]T Q$?*7



M 2;_ %J^6
/_ +P[_C2'3[)I#(;2 R'&6


O-'AFM([:VBM(8HWW

M.091Y*XD(.06XYYYYIIT?3#NSIUH=RA#^X7E1C Z=!@?D*NT4 8LWA^*6Z+[


M9E*%D)R/FX/!R:ZJW


M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH




TDUK



JJDL4:J% RKYR?I@54FTNV$UD(K

^!)&S









MJ#5V'


;=HXXQ!MPJ 


L:@\=W4'K[&IX%D6%1*VY^YJ.[C
OE J2BN';'^









J*&Q$L*QLV&V@DYR
M

M



GD8P

_6GBXNEOD0S3;/M:QD
$QM

M%/Z4ATUUU%9(K9%070DWC PHBV_SH =J
URUQ%9Q3Y9SYC^6F&5%([[NY('T

MI[QWC9%DD!3=MR0% SQQU!H OT444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !115/5+I[
M.S$D:J7:6.

CNSI;$X4. 0 @8C.WW-:)$X5!$4



Q$




M+3S 3YD@ZGV4?E0!T%%4R[OIL?DR@EXQ^_SP!CEJH:?=DW4:27KK%&I0++M
M'G-TRIP0
?S -NBJ%[</'<6Y16*_







N[SGA5
MI-TC\?12

2LD2?+YI/.';Y1MP21C\!0!N453MI)7OIU\W?

M6+!/=7%I%##*
N/]8A+LISU.2!@?KG&* -RBLT75Q):S%642K((QB

Y'


MKG@4T37'F7N9&98

6W&T9\PDG\^]9]E=7.R1G
 &<*I.X#/?^6:CL+Q]\$$N
M#YBR
'+DGA@

L#R^;

R(OKM)!)_$&JVGR:E)-%]MMA$IA
MW.1(&Q)N(VX]



6YCM[525?
M(P21M '?IG/X=:74(W9D
5JTS!E)+;2NW/S 9/!QZ=\5?HH Q8;-C(CW6G&0
MKM ^6


I=SLD#[&(
MVE)C&.G/ /J36I10!0TJU




M(VJ



MTQH9I-'O5
+)+
)=L9(SSG'3BM.B@#'UTNIM.FB1IW=D(GRL$_@*NZC;^?





MTR&QS.J21$0VZ*L;E\ER#G/'/8?F:TJ* 


M9V8 ?*.F0.O:M6B@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** J.K7

P;I@

@

#GM0


M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 45REWJES;76I
M(NK


MSY!C;@M)M!PN\@ 8^@/7OR :E%


$54U+4ETZ
R/;7$L:H9)'B








L


YQCZ5
M
FI1/=0QRP7



MGH


3C ^]QG(QQCU(J.'Q197 C$$4\L



I5P
JRD@@XR.H/2JN

1' S3K(



L9))!(&X-MYP?XNQK0TS4;?
M5+


=33(I8YDWQ2
M)(F2-RG(R#@C\Z 





QA)
1SE@,'&<5N44 16T/D6\

;AW J_10!D2:*\C7*

'N8O*R6; !VG=\H.!G(--_L.1X=0BGNU(NYA.ACBVF)AMQU8YQL7T

TR(1()MR

VAR\11W







31Y96/7#9Z'T(/UK0HH YG2X;D7OG(




M/R[


M]+8_+M_X'SFA]$FEU%+R6\5GCF$J'RCE1L*E02Q '.1@?7-;5% #(A($Q*Z.

8=?
 R
M5SSCUQ0!4U2SGO8X5M[B.!HI5ER\1?.TY QN%16VER01S6INA)92%R(S'\Z[
MB21NSTY/;/O6G10!A-I%W8KE[UKA[22*-$A4&12!@-DD$\#IC/YYJZ;IIN



X8

MQ'&9#$Z
[R8/08/RC_:.:9=ZG?Q37I1+98K5HCSN9G5NH[;3[\U?O-+L[YW:

M^-2S:%IMP[M-;E_

M@#&MX+FQDO+JWMX-

MFE9' !4

5 ?T)XYSZUMV

'G '
M89P
GBI;*UCLK.&VB&$B0*.
=* 
BPABU35-3?4(EF:VN!%#'*-RQJ%!# 'C

M;BX%PZ.LV #)%*T;$#H5(R/
M8U92-(XPB*%4#  H Q8-4OYELG'V8)J,1:#



MCM5?LR86?[2!SQ)G.[]: 

MH
!L#\/4^IJ2/2K..X$Z(XDP Q\U_GP
 L
X8\=3DT 8OGRW^I:%J#B#RII7
M


51^N54G YYX%6;NS@O$59U;Y#N5D=D93[
I!% &1#J]Z'MY+DVR
M6WGO;3LJ$X=2P# [N 2 


1C!=/4=^/2





MPWX@T^PL+?3HFBM5=49BY#R
_)ZG+$]: 

W
VG7^KS6Z0B(7L =2IRV]8U.
M



MH)8%B8PRH4
;RNRA3V4$X4?3% &=JFH7ZR:E;PRPQ^0(&C?RR3AV*D'YO;J

M!&UVZPA5.]5V/U;/? .





Q

MFRI(LEN6


V]%C):5R2

M





9V7RSU4@G!'U]!ZI+3
M2+&SG$\$)\Y8_*$CR
[!




?2;)FA80^685(8G:/C^'Y2

MT6KI)NMI!&'W*1D,,!N&Y//3/:G6FG7)^U2H]]'JP2526B18W)!VMO?
.F


I  KQ'.T;P
MF[ 4_=+9R.!G%
TRVB0Z9FQN=[K-%
TMO(3M)X#EATSZ\4 =3#+'/$LL3!T8



#Q[$5S\X


M#=3QQV@59+J)F 8

2,@'953BOO,U6XL3R&&-)!(2

M90K=31RV#O:20*+-8(#B*3+%B

^T)KKK=)*THL88WE\I@C




P^M96FP2VVMS@1%XY3([2OR.


M8;&:\M-.BU)=0CMQ:+&-EMN:.8$AB0R%E.
888Z=: .QNKF*TB\V9@J;@N20


YJW


MZ1Y$HD@=5

MJJ




M5SP2%[\ DDCT[\XSBKRL'4



M*



M+NNXXEE=-RMP$R&X'()&

MA
5;RYCBDF<K 'C0-U?GC\MM &M15&WGW:8S
M[Y6,(*L[ !F*]?;J#4)EN6OK:-78+)$\A7<.<%<<[?<T :E%4[2266W9H_O


MCXC\X*%VGGY&)SCJ/;V%/:ZEEN;0$[5



M

MH55)BH
K9P2#@$@8^O//OL@@C(.0: %HHK+OKJ6#48@&C4&&0@/(0I.4 )X]
M_P= &I1639WPED_=WL#28X1R

YB5ILX;Y2



I (RJCON_*@


7

M6
LDCN@*RR
Y+'[J J%!]R !P.]:M% %&UAD@O'W1C88E174\84G QU!^;WZ

M]1/:3RQ,L9\F5Y/,:<]0W3Y1Z8XYQQ6G10!0C6;^SYK=K7RBD91=KAE?CJ._
MYTK6R6KB3<9F0 

MWF%J;5(3
UR_[V0$ +D_
2#SC P





X]!UI!
!BK )
ZLQR

 
J%P/_'16C10!FQPS2V3I+$8C+




MF(/E_EU/Z5#-:RVODRZ=&A\M!$T+':'0=




 $\X;/I4%SIT
MY_?9264-$V0@W'8VX@9(QGH*LVULS6
*3KM(R[1\'G.0#]/Z4 4]
NYI8[0+
M*6


M=
O(X@I108F0E2W$H6.
M



KC=\X('3';CKG% $&G
5E:


BZ:-1_JPH#$ \OTY^@[?E4^G6I1Y9G22-C*Q56QT





3'7V..O'7-1FP)N08


\V\$
!@;@?6@!VHW+V\\&)=B%

MD$_3[H_6F+:W$4L$CHLO[\ROL;!4LO?J #['B@?5I6ATF\D3=O6%RNWKG'

_P JC$=S;7I\
MF-9+68[G&[!B;N1Z@_S^O  P3733Z@L)#M#(FQ&X&-BDC/XFIK9V:_O%+DJA
M0 9^Z=N3_



M IRWLWGM.+VW\N#
8&T@.Q8!N-W.W&
^N?2M!)F-M/(;J*8)DYA7&W SCJ?\



M\F.WD0N=H!+


*3M ]0$Y'KFG7TWG$1+))%A#2S(#VZ*/?K^7?@GM6?4K9EM]
MJ1RF=I0PP6\LITZYY_2EU 33PRQI;7!)& 0ZA3_X]0 ^UOFDF^SS0RI*
_/Y







C22/;^4)%97= 3GU5

J*&Q$L*QLV&V@DYR
@$D_3


MW4?7H3_D


MY@0PQRPSR
_E3;&YFDO98F

%3P
]:+^SGGND=0=N2=RX.



M;%&SA&C))P


M -&BJBW4A260Q+Y2(6#+(&R1U%4_MMT\30JK+/.-\394[58_T'//?B@#7HJM



D
CM)-@Y*E!T4
M_PW^E6CJ)CTB:\EV%D,BC:#@E6*CU]* -&BLC[5-TT
MRVZ(A$/DY
A\L

M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 57O8I)H52

M'YT\JSZ)%A7!


ME58[4W#S+
/W(G+[?[Y&

M5:K:?$+?P]832B9)(K)8V15))^4=5 SQC\

M(MZ

412

MDD5P/EV!V!R3ZA1C'7/M5NW4M+?I(DT;2

LU
M_:RQM



MWJ*ZT9YI[PQ7/EP7R;;F
0:QD\3Z;)=26
MZ.690Q785<OM&2 JDMG@]0,XXK810B*BCJ







MGO8X5M[B.!HI5ER\1?.TY QN% %:+Q'ITNH?8UF&_+ -O3!*YR
 [AT/) %5
MAJC2:[;3$W



BLH4\@9Q@@C%4;'5'^W


M

=N.?P +$5SYMP\




M8VXN3:W@@

M?_CV)V[-N!]_G[B_KZ\ &XQPI(!) Z#O7-_VI=75QI-R8;F%7N)HS;JRXE 1

MS^);WM89YRF4
1&SHK#:=K9W




FE:]6UD
MU9[J6XF@1TVA


Q[+6Y:<!H,E@=W&=WHYY^G'JZ#1980D7VL-:PRF:


GKSTP 6)-6BN;*(VJW#M=0&1
M#$J[HU_O'=P

M=S9P6BPWZ2'[.[&#B2//'&[AAZYQ[4MAH4VFB VM_EDA6&0RPA@ZJ21@ C
M!&2


&!)4]
'Y3SSVZYX??ZEJ5H^K7
+V\D=M CI%(C#&03U!Y[]AGCD


!_.@#?HKFK?6=2N;D+$;)L0222P;
M&W0,N $=@QP3D\[?X3@=Z<NLZF]GI_EQ1375_#YZB.(8C4!200TBYY;U'T-
M'1T5STVKZNTBV]OIH-W' DLT19

?=/(W?2GW&JZC&UXPAME2UEB7

Z10F)



#- %P2(9#&'7

@2;6D.
;LY(&
DGIT-7'U?49K]



^E &S163H





M91'(L(RJ@Y8'=(
Y//WA]#B@#JJ*YZ;6-7+);6^FXO5@$TL;%&'+
H&?
&
[
6CQME_ER<.#M)SQMZ\$\T :U
61'9E5U9D.&




M HHHH **** *4VEVDUS]I*.DIQN:*5X]_P#O;2-WXYI;C2[.Y:-I(B#&NQ3&
M[)\O]T[2

M[.P4

12!9Y%4H.BX#8 ^GJ?4T3:'I\\;I





MVCV
\CR20G+LC

K)
[D8Z8))*X
M[8QBKU% %!M&LF1%

M[1P %S@8[8QBM&J37Y76DT\P-AX&F$I88X8#&.O\7_ZZ (IM!TZX:9I8I6
T

M* 


MX]
T:O?'3-+N+U8&G\E=VP

M:%IMP[M-;E_

P)Y __ %_YQ4]4
MVOBNL)8&%L/ TPEW#!PP!&.O\0H A30]/2W6!8Y0B2&53Y\FY6/4AMV1G)S@
M]SZU*^E6;S)


M\#ZUHT4 4I=+LY7BD:-A)%D*Z2
K8)R0203USUIXT^V%PDPC(9#E1O;:#C


.P/Y4

C;B#U#'.6!P
YSTJ&/P_IL*[8H'C7RC#M29U&P]1@']

MK'.6'IG..U/71[!)4DC@\MD01@1NRAE'0

/KFG-?E=:33S V'@:82EACA
M@





MR- ZXDPNP



HS_2?I]*ZRB@#DKB3&J0VUM=1VOVJ-RD=OC?'L4/M#+M;Y@21@

C:.*20+/#*R*IW;5=


ML*6R1VU(VFE3):M!\0\C8 R,Q('!W?-V'KZ\]A10!R=[%--)J#6]E=QVTT
MD



Q*(GSNV9DV?


%.78-(B_

M!'J4L3W4;M$]J45 
[OW:(H]
Y&#V[UT]K8P6G^J\UC_ 'I97D('HQ) X'%
M6: ,CQ#$\
WEO:V['



68^Y)R3^- &#K*VP\1VQNX)+B%[24/&L;2
M@X9
?(






VDBWAD5M/F6(

M/

MP;RTCT[[&(TN;AY+T2S2B
R

Q*(GSN
MV9DV?

MI';668[^:TM!;7KVRHB16[QLP4Y=@TB+\S9QCGH






M(G[XA@1SQUYZY.1VYH TFUW3TAEE:60)$N]\P29VYQN VY*^XX_*G7&K6
8N


M)=:3JEPM^V;-6N[);;R]S85ANYW8Z88GISP..M %RXU^RM+J2?[0!%LKRB

WO$)1F)P-IZ9)& ?8\^U4%MI+:]:^O'MHK

3@4\:O8F:6)9]QA)$C*C%
M8\#)W

B/:3RA*G/7I@9P.E/.CW4ZZS%
M

GKCWH T5U6S:.1P\G[L@




M%XW61MW4IPP/L?UX .ACF6ZM1-:RJ5D3=')C(Y'!QWK-T+6([ZQLQ/+F[E@$
MK?(0K=
X.
Q9)(DDA)+

C




MH17L
TR1)YF]XA*
Q.!M/3)(P#['GVJK);_9M3N[ZXE@2SE@1)#(V-NTMZ\8

[R E8TS@'

M_5L5!;HV, GL:?#?6]Q

*?4@\



MG(R

M)UVO_=;(^4^@.

M\U^ETN9V^ZI!P?DX/RC\_;D TSJ]BLDB//L\M2Q9T94('7#$8;'?!.*C&N6#








M-!
BR.4A2YR\&\G)


*5QD$Y'3- &M1


MBUWVWD/.&^2Y8Q'(.

MK=PLBH]E$NRY6WN9SB(L 5(^7Y@=P].2/K0!MT56M)I;F.1I8UC7S&5DA;


MVFLU\U+=KA4CG5FVJ0





+0//
M(T9VL^%AAR.I)QSTH V**K6UK]FD8K/
=;F7

6  )5L

1)CN(V[L-@ J=
MN2
$].HH V**S/#3%O#FG
Q))MT))[\5GQZO&?$L86_BDBN-]O\ 9UD!
;)R


-P

MPSK(-PEW



MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

MK\K



6

]P0
;YB
X_  ?C
MC-4FT*&22\::ZN9%NV#LA* *PQM92%!!&T8Y^N:U:* 

2#*_O!SG.5XSGJN#Z8K0HH KWEH
MEY$J


MHH H6%J%N[F^:!H)+C;E&8$C QDX)&3['H!3[W3XKQXI2\D
\.?+FB(#+GJ.
M000?0@BKE% $-O;^0IW3232'&9)
9/X  #\!5&XT*VN))B\UR$FF6=HTDV@.
MN


MZKUX7\OKE]OH45J+?R+NZ1X8EAW@IF2-3\JL-N.
XR #[UJT4 5[NS@O+1K:

VVT=
M(+TW1NKB9FA$#))L*E1D]E!ZDGKW]
 );Z-%;J%2YN-L:E8%8J1!D8^7Y?3^

Z+ R
LB; ^5



M#\I)^_[XZC\: )Z*S!JZ[





+D1)N'&


KY2M-')$S/LVE&/.<#MWZ_2@
MU15.?4(8+I89'0+Y;NS%ON[2.


5K9RJ
!$%(W2YZ8!QU/2K[/M4
M

M[CGGIZ8/Y4 6J*H'5(249%9H2






:RR !W@%L=,F@CKY4V
:DC)NK?C_ +;)6FQJ6)P ,DTR6*


 K$]_50.<UI&&(G)C0D]RHIP10A4* I[ 4 8
MEJKOK $K'C+$$8'E'UZ\M^M2W46^UTPI'&TI( WCC_5/C/MFM1X(I(##)&K


GO4%VZ?:[Z)ID4O=6_R$X9O]7TYK=DBCE4
M++&KJ PR


M




M)\H8@J&95&1Z[0*UF56QN .#D9]:8]O#)-'
\2-+'G8Y7)7/7!H IZK&)9+)

M&/Y$TDT

L?4G(Z^U5]


[F;
M8P_@)P#^0&1V/X5=\J/S/
**7[




 O//;&!Q@GGT-

@3D

MV\10$L%*#&3U- &/;HR[$LF4%F^8M#E7&T
'.2..@XQ@X'05=OCLCM))PKR
M502B]3@]!]:L?V?9?\^=O_W[7_IU140(BA548  P!0!0W;M=AS@
+5]P!S@

MY+=XE#;2HV'ID GICK_7)JW=/'%JT
1!
DL4CB1I=H4*4&!_WU^E:$4:0Q+'
M$H5%&%4= *&BC:59613(H*AB.0#C(_0?E0!GVEO#)?S3 
)8R 76=F#97H1T



M('0$_C3Z %HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *


M74$



FN7T16BNM&9K:[28V;QW+O!(
M\NT.
MQ'LV

9B\P



WK-%$L4FV.$QXPR@84;^@/0$]LU''!*VFQ/';S!K


M//:B&


5K
MC21:++
?W)C$DIR_3 )]Z (%UF*2)[B&VN9;5%)^T(@*MC^Z
[C]0





=LQ1XB&QNVC!&2O7U/O0!V-5


D(
L?H*




MRP8C:Y7J/I535[6*34M

M-RLCM:R A&WE
DKPN60^G7T- '8U0O-2:UNXK9;&YN&E0LIB

MK


<X' <GD


.!ZGW

+1&*


I([C;R.Y:@#I:*Q/#ME#;&:6$WJF4#S(YX5B4

O-LXW2JQ)/(Y?:5]^U37ML+I=6(TR4Q2M#
M



$_+T^=?U]#

P( ^H(8@^F!VH ZBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@



J(W.\ H3G=W


9Y8@=QWH T:*QW\16X\HQ





M4 :5%
BD\V









M#Z@C!!^E4M7U%H/#UQJ%D#*?(




44C[QR03T/3)XZ4 ;%%9-QKT$
6,$=J\PNIA964

4#$;KE]O) 526'?J!TH VZ*RAKD7^BAK2[
M5KO_ % V*=_R[NH.!^./RYI8-=MYC;_N9XUG9T5W4 !USN4\YR-IY'''6@#4
MHJK87RW\ FCBD1&4,A?&&4]"?3ZU:H **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@

1?.RMSMR6[8 '08[=ZS]
L;IHGBCD&YXC





]

MF(A0HPVXYP .PY_*MFB@#



M?-\HV_7_ !MZ18S:?:O#-.DY:5Y R1E

M=X : _

;L@@D\Y_MJB@EJ
MEE)?Z5-9).(VFC
;2

MY^E:M% &

5\BR- MO.WD'


8








8QQZ5C6

M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB








J9W&$!Z#W/L*AM]1A

&8]%R%XP.?Q%7+:XEFA:?:

PSM




&27[#&]R-LQ0%Q&I.&/H.356\E:^$<V1LA!=4
MC;&XL0#TST4__7H TJ*AM[B.Y1FB)(5RAR.0<'K4U !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 4=121Y+/RCAA.3N*[@O[M^2/2J4=K+


Y

M.-]*K^9Y(C0KO5?O9;/(]L5=HH RTM6GO[A]S1^5=!P2GWOW(7C/UZ^U1V]L
MT&K0H!(X43R


$F6SNS]H^V*HMDA$T

3/$L2,5<V\:*JDA
M0CECD]N/Y5+?6T]Q<R+&J-X0I=SWW=


V#SSUZ=#6K10!5@ODF@:3R9T93M,;QD-GT
M'8_4''O5:6W\J:[N&D2=FWEX5+&

M
I2.7RW :4MU/3 /(_MFBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH







M@\?*



M1&02W'EB-2Y9T95(! )5B
-R1TSUK.CTK4E%ON2T_=ZA)=G$S?=;?Q]SK\Y_


M#\O;.
YZ=J -:XN(K6!Y[B18XHQEF;H!5

;





* 


MTL
K


M)4X/J



HR

Z-O'(3)@L,HP#@=2I(PV,CH33K^\CL+&:[E#E(4+D(I)XK,T
M/1/[+VHUI89B!5+J-,2R+_M<<'U.3FM+4[5KW2[NT1@K3PO&&/0$@B@(ZQ9
MK%&\KR1[U#$-$_R \ MQ\HX/)Q3)-=TV
S;KH;8&*RN$8HC#L6Q@'GIFJ3Z)
C=/N_[73WJPM_;/<FW60M(


M!L#SS%



JE02
XY.

ME:-H\]3P#N' ^4\&J$^E:HXO0J6A\Z\BN$+3




M]5%.EL;\VVG*!;O-%




MU3-PT;P-&6E2






9P2J<D#K5.;4\,(X4C,C(67S9@J\8ZD9QU% &C152ZU&VMEE
D1+

1D!3FH[J[
#QHD32NQRP7^%!U;_PMWH LT4Q75XQ(C!E(R#P:JP:

UEA1Y8AYC8
M;<X!0;2V<?@/SH NT55^W1[H1L?$S[$/&,X)]?8U:H **@N[@6T:N5W98+UQ
MUJLFJ!Y$00.S.7 LI'RXSSGWH T**HR:E&MA!=8 \[RRJ.P!PQ49_#=0FHJ


%




MB%$E#EHV4EI


#VJ2!8QHMUE






M\Y!?(^E:=

GUJBL%[+H

!0. /2@#*T





!E0?FRI'
&,QRR;0HG;*85CG&.O'ZUL[5W;L#=C&<<XIBP1*$ C4
Y7
MC[IP1_4T #1)U9G'_;1A_6J.FVB-96KI(Z*N7VJYPQ)/7VY/%:+HLB%'4
IX
M*L


HE*+Y@!4-CD ]1G\!0!C




LPW?*...


*57DA_?@]?W@Q

MQGKZ5NR0Q2E#)&CE#N4L
[3ZBD-O0X,2$2'+@K]X^_Y@#/U*.4R(EME?)A


XSC_ ?E2O%'(5
B*Q0[


TDD:W]J7B!:11,N4 ZDC/&.]64=
M7171@RL,A@<@CUH =14:3122R1I*C21X#J&!*Y&1D=N*DH **8\L<942.J;V
MVKN.-Q]![T^@ HHHH **** BBHTFBDEDC25&DCP'4


T5Q$LL$B2QL
JZ
&!^A%24 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444

48(0&QP2
@'Z5@07
5NNEOY




DJP


X\U
M8EELV16PN4);8

MUPZ ;]VQ=F&P
@);[DE&6'SG'R'&TXR
9[
MU:DG634[!ECGVO&YR87 7.


MZL&4

UU#!+#%*^UYF*



M\_=XX.*U:* 

M@(B#D%%;8


M;ZCFNFHH YB&SUE;;326NE=57[0#)YC!Q@$G]X!M('^UUSC-(]KK02Y+?:I'
M

L
=W'Q*FZ:=7&WS%
?1\YV;
MESD')&3W#FM=72!


M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *



M7CVX
5'941&5%<M]]C
MC@?F!5RLF[C:)(H5D38USR)GD?

[8!VJ



?P

_V&5@BL2T!;@


N2%/L 3]!5N.9)(?-0[EP3QU^GUK&MF1/**^6
M\DC$;_M+$#@\;L=L8QS^IS9M?+BM;NY6

M&O\ K\;-[J.Q/.



.RHP;8
M2 2

C\J
MW$FMX[-9(Y$


MQE/#7[N1 LUFHVD\ER 
_B


M!C QSU]Q4






D$=1]:@O+\6T(D6*1R9$


MQ)(I##DCG)6@#9BO%
3O.IM]C;3YGR@^A!.

2CY

MD4 ;(NH6A
J2*Z!BN58'D'!'Y@U774E
\L?EDA I!#+DYS[^U4]&+MH\AA D

MTI. 3@G'854:X2ST]9I(#%$B_

M=H+2\C**.I_
CCKS5M)]^XF-D0#.]B




M'S9#& R[3D G.#C^[6?=A)P7'VC$L83;G!=?11UY[G_(EES+#IN]H21*68J/
^OXK)5WO'N9T7:SA3@L!G\
Y
M_L6(!;RA$Q474






/*V%+*HXSR2 /U-  T$3S)
T2&5
A7*\K]#2F*-F9F1267:Q(ZCT^G)J
M.&YCF+@?*4D



X(Y!
MIL=Q'(SJA)



M=XZ4- ,!% )W8QWZYI]% #$C2/.Q0-QR3W/UH2-(U*HBJ22 
9)ZFGT4 1
MPPQP($B144=@/PI$MX8\!(D4 E@%4#!/4_6I:* $(!!! (/4&F+#&I3;&@V



9\T 2
M94?.!Z^M.2*-

M.GY8J2B@-H8GA,+1H8B,%HVX]


;2B5D4N!@
1TJ2B@!@C19&D@.X 9NY Z?S-/HHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *KWTGE6CL25QCD9

2W!&
$*PS[FM&\M8!IBBVP





MP22HSVSU_$47=N[:E

T$!8#=@ %BK*.A^F.
MU $]OK



NK7-@


?(
D#'0\GIF

X'4^




M@#IZ*YFZM8$DD\C3YWBN+!HT7R&))!R V?N\=-V/3VJ/3;:.7597O+&Z4+91
M8



M?4)[6RF5IGAD



MO;KALGKUH Z*&_

W !

9P?6@#IJI:=?F]DO$:
M!H3;3F'#

R


M#V/XT =#)(D4;22

Y;!QC

ME\J6=@A1#@')PQ.


=*BD^RP.UV+%;=(X7MK
M4964%@Y(*%HV)P<\=\F@#LJ*YA+!Y==DDNVOTE297MW2)&5DKP7V';R#E=P


M=^M-;6+)8?-
DA'F-'M$+EMPZC:!GCZ4 7Z*SFUS3E* 7(=GA\]5C1G)CX^;



9R?3KTXIAUS3A$)'N1&#*(=LB

MC9X&8A6*






M;JG%IEK%

+@R\97/ (R#D_
M@:EEFC@B




MM=M)[
7)6= SLBH8'+M@]0H7)XZXZ4 6KFPM[




)=


WD










MK3]3F&I!8[0?:FC*9G;C: #GY/:BRT5[6]FF:RT^4O*TZ3L/WJ
QR5SMY&20
M&R..U;U


;Y4.1')\K



MRJZ.V[.=IPW [&MZB@GI=E]@LQ6W

J02.!QTH S;G5[I%O;B)(?(L)1'-&RDN_RJ6*G/&-W


M@#.&IZNUQ';R6UO:R-:23'S
N0RLHZ*V

3JS
::-%L%2W5(63[/Q$R2NK*/3<#DC@<$XX% &+X@NKC4-&U2
Q
M0QQVT(\Z*5=[[R@;@@X&W(YYR?3K73
XC@
C9PJY./854N-&T^Y=GEMP2R-
M@K,H=1T# '!QVSTJY%$D,211($C10JJ!@ #@@##CUB^
5I.8[=X[Z$R0H R

2

@


Q

4NO\*R'&#UY.1Z9XLPW]^=0DAL[!)(
 A8,%5CCIT+=O?-7DT6P2RDLQS02.79
.* 
V#4-0O)


0.?O*0
^V:DUQ-TFG.BIYJW:A&89VY5
MLU/!I%E;W$




1&T;)
@_



F;F0





MNK:&\MV@G3?&V


M'WL\=NQP



H/4;LYQ[




1]XGGH.PJ._U

CG/;%7;&R@T^W%O;*ZQ D@-(SXS[L2





R!^ S@


M
\GECP!_(4 +8:A;ZC9K5G:,,5RT3)R.#]X#//%6RJ00QP


M!(/)( Z]1ZYH [BN(%W=#2KV]FUL0W:6[^=;*&#1R?P@AG(7D8!C.?4BKE
MV[;;%(]4-M:W
)D-S++(ZM)\N!N#KCN0
X//% '5T@8



HCBQ'(T3YXRPCZ

MX'U/7- &]1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 52;3E;5H]1^T3!TB
0C&W8

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBJ37Y76([ P


]00%&
]_F_*GW^H/%H


M0G
C$G&-HZ8_'I5^:Y*321  %8O
#9^HZ?A0!9HJA!?
;FSMF 9I[9I6?.
%

Q+RN[-&KE24Q'GL
M


MI10




M 2YZ'C@$^E &A15-;EFNI%0B10=ICQAD(ZGGM@K^=)IT\TT;F120)95W$C@!


METUO'ELO]I


M2


T7

XZ]AC
M\ZCAOKF5T0.FYPAYCQ@%26.


M%:M% %.[N;F.)_L]C/*X?:-K1]


MV+=^A'^!J?4($N-!DCAB=(DB;;$4*G('RC'UY_ 5K44 8]Q:
7CEM8&\B!R[
M1@X



MVV5V5RQR40!&'T!R1[UI44 8\*7&VV+;'G'.=W3)QGYNG3M5B=6:[N-\3.





MF:LSB5Y;-HX]C?-PPSL^7OBKM% &3=VAMHD6%IF5R R!-P9BX.XXZ'KD].:N



M5@T^CP0VL1BD
:-*Q)0
0FTK]2.

M8*
&5=PW9].

(+2[B

M4C DCW?


MLBO;#;\_[IB



)*2+U^

MF

N[CW!(]^O^%4+G2+
M^YTP64FI1':Z$2&VY(5@PR-_)RHY&!UX[C4N(/M%G+ [8\R
H6 ]1C- %!=9

?FZ'!P 2?:KINXS8B[A#SQL@=!$





MLMPDJW



$DP8D


G'YFJ TFXDTTV5U?

^E  ^O11;Q+9W4;QM$LB
$R@D8JI.&P1D=B3S

MF6



MGO@8'X4 5I-;LX'F/EW3

M
E R-C/][!R
=0^QJY:3+*A5LLN<KM!


MX(3:I)
F1[U%)HUVSWS_C7[5.LH A8 ;0!M.'!((49Z=^W%+'
MH/E6(MDN I2Y

PS^E $UIK*7D

MV



M%NK5[(IJR+;0?O( 2V[W!&

T
#((SN#9)R0

#C(S^=8R^&Y7BMX+F\CD@BLFLV

M
:SW

=I6EOYTN9#$8%*Q[ $.
Y&3DG Y]


LIW1E]V.W48JD-
M&NEE

M(9(7C\GE@^
X.[CH

?X@

\8@N J7(M6D9 JASC'4







M!*@\Y/49)ZT =-3(I8YDWQ2)(F2-RG(R#@C\ZQX]0U*7R+.:WBMKR8R'=*H9
M2BX^;:KGD[@

MZSK$D
$4%DLMZULMS(HCJ-Q(8:0$=.O/TK2M+R^N=4N('6&*#82N[L&4



P#
.3C@GOQ5J/


M23&8F*R
NY#U#8(W=3UJ?[';?8Q9^2HMPH41@8 ':K%% %);3[' RV
2N[L-


00.

LID:


MV]





M$=.





M=/
<3JY
FURA#8ZCZ4 34444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
^<
M]ZTJ* JFJ*7TVXB7[TJ&-?JW _G5NFLH;&1G'3VH Q
O'

MI;Y.AP
C/Y59O1

M$;1JP95*C (.00/K0!E75C(FH0LKPD37)8;XRQ'[DCDYY^[3[RTD6TTVU4AC



Z
MSB1-2!RS;8F(+2

)788\?+MQC&/3%


#\*?Y49=G* LRA6/J!GC]3^= $-E
)-/AF*^
M6IC#8)Z#'K]*SM.D$NM336UXM];2Q9

M9B?7@U9\M

-HPQRPQU^M5X-
!I4;_

C$@*=O/XG![5:U

#!&1.
2C:/GXQSZ\4 9-Q;3


D8I&S*C2%02$7&6]AD@?F: 






M$ =
J$*EF;YL9.W'!/;WP ;=@\\EJKW$MO

M7%M#8PRK!$LQ8W)5F4EAP-F

K['!(_(UB3::;W



M9MO!W $-C./7VH.FS+#'=6UA.DHGCEF@N+KS&EAA@$LPXR.1G'..* +NFZ


HNGSLEJRV]W)]GDF^T0)
M.(7W2$-N7:^

66-D*;MNX$8QGM0!3N
M]62-K%[:2WFMKB8QO*)



MTV22S:;[-:M;/ LB;LG;\XR0/X3WS@_A0!TBD
H92


4 :L^

MEDCGNO-=MC@G!+$=.G(S71+DJ-P ..0#F@#).K&XU:2TL[FR(MB/.1WR[#^+
M!!XV^X//'%7H[^SE@


TRWN(;ZV+6#P1)9+$S;DPK YQ@-G]*
M -B1@D;


@Y.[T(Y_V?I0!UU9DFJ2F[
MNH;6U$_V4?O1YNV0DKD;5QSU')(_&K]N6:WC+HT;%1E&()4^AP2*Q=9T^6[D

M1)V@:ZA695WF
R 

YW!L''3\: +-KJ=K?QPRV=W R
Y4C();
M / YX/0]^.WI.E[:R320QW



M?GO4^LVT]WIDT-L5$IVL W1L
5/L0,?C0 V[UFRM])GU.XAGBB4D%) 0S#


MDELC$-KJ

(TERATWR-FZ+ ?L/O=NN: .@%U '2)KB

M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444V1UBC:21@J

T ;M%9
NOVT;3;8;F1(-ADD6/Y55NC
N,].,T
M :U%%% $-S:V]W%Y5U!%/'G.V1 P_(T^**.)8H8TCC485$   ]@*?10 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !5/4K6:\MQ#%+
M%&C
/




KJ!(

MM?S/+ ;N=N[CUXYJQ0 4455GOHX))4
M97)BC60XQSDD8'/7Y30!:HJ&.YBEE:.-MQ49) .WZ9Z9]J)+F- #G=F01_+S
M@DXYH FHIB2QR

DX'/6@!U%0-=1+
M
T66




\9PZQR!BOU Z4 6**KWEW'9QH\@)WN$ ! Z]^?09/X4GV^T/2
MYB/..&SS0!9HHJXNDMWB1@S-*2JA1G) S_(4 3T57BNTEN&@V2+(J!R&7'!
M)']#5B@ HJNUTHE>,1R.R8SM7(Y&:=;W*7!D55=3$VU@PQS@'^1% $U%4O[3
MM_+F?)_=%A@

\\^G-32SQQ('


98#)
MP.:KS7T4

M^$C_ 






M;



$KN;)(YQB
MMT6L(\SY2?




I7;DL
M2 




MIJ 





M
MSATG[

\F
)YAW-

#D589%?&Y0VTY&1G!]: .8D=EMIXO
.SR+L!/-)^Z


XXQUZGBK- !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !114<Y(A;&_)&/D'/X4 0#4K(LRFZB4J^PAF
M .<XQS[U8EE2&,R2'C&3C/4XK DE:*6258PMO:JLGD
 OZY/



 R1^G6JNG?:?)=A=+<1<H@:(JRL&
M(.23R!CTSQUJEY)33()I)-[+



A\N0D.02
M?E/UXH O&:
2I&3\\BEE&#R!C/\ 
4LDB1+ND8*N0



M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH

M62
1B61%+[I



M/
;:DHDSQDX?=CZ9JW10 A&1BJ:::B6GD+-*I$8C$BD!E4#  XQ5VB@2UA
MDLS:
O[DIY94''RXQBHSIUN\925/

R

CNL=N25B&



MT4 48=
CBT^&R\V1H8HUC )'(4 #M[5-+:K+;3P/)(1
I4DG)&1CBK%% %.;

MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***CGFCMX7FFD6.-!EF8X
M% $E%5(-1MKAU1&D#
2%$D3)NXSD;@
@ HHHH **** BBB@ HI%8



UFP:Y:SK:


I.=WI]T\'F@






















!CC!]ZZVB@#E-!U%9+O2%;4#-

MUD&CD24KYLPR&4D=2

'@^XK+DE



FNU.FZI=P:I-4M5+_ &B)6\S)W$ 
P /R@=#U

YNX




M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 51U:\GL+/SX((Y
M\
JLKRE

\0137&EO!!:/=&1E!12@& P)SN('04 )%JSQWKVN
MHQ0VS+$9O




R(K@LGU':FB_LS LXNX/)8A1)Y@VDGH
M

4E5A@[1N.W/&?E&/?%2_8=0:V8O]K






M '0+<1!99&N(3$G)

M







^^' 8=B

$B** %8%AG!7(;!/-
M&XU]:+
_P!/PJYIMM=Q:E'-+;,B/911,6=2
M49V0<$YSN'3CK0!KR2)%&TDCJB*
EF. !]:BCOK26%9HKJ!XF.T.L@*D^F:






M@(210%8D$*



M
@;&01V!S0!K)J5A)'&Z7MLR2/Y:
LJD
W]T'/)]J(]1L9?-\N\MW\G_ %FV


99X\;P&^7ACC[P'IP?;/20E


V^T)?V
MXBR1N:51C'KSQV_
.9X\(21A3CJ:RX=.N_W-I+ <PWC7(O-RX*ERV,9W;B#MZ8QWJ_HJ7)=





MAG&1SSSQ5FL%K?4#=VLT-O)$6

9)YR& SC;D9'/'-;U !1110 4

MEQHJL=S8)_A!.
 ] : +U%8
FOW






9)TE9HF


MBN8X'$$X=1OQ@[B!W(&

M!KT5C^'0RQWX92K?;'RY?']SUJ35]5ETS#FVC:W &Z1YPA))QA5P=Q'7MV
MH U**Q[C6IH9+HP9DM94C=C* 6#8P5'?J.1_2GMJ\D9FBEM0+A)4B1%ER'
MW\@YP

SS3A'*[CM&



_E61IY;6+J^FGFG2.
MVN6@BBBE:




M8(ZCD]1T[T =+16*VM7!O88HK*


U&OB9
R


M*DMQ:032)]UY(PQ7Z$]*L44 )2T44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444

C#N/
-F/

M014+Z%;O

M?:+B.1XS%*R



]AQG''2MB@#/M[4/JDNH/;O#(8Q S E@3G )
M'?COUJU=VZ7=I+;R%@DJE&*G!P:FHH QY?#T4J,OVV[4L\;L5\L9*8VG&W'8
M=NWURXZ#$99Y3=W7FRS=7R@


M(^?F/H.@_H+_1H;^:222:9#)%Y3!N
9R,@X//;KWS6E10!DS:$LPN0;^\
M N61FP4XVXQC*^P_*EET.*=[AY;NY=IBC Y0&-E^ZRX48/UR*U:* ,Q]%1]K
M&\N?-$RS-)E-SLHP,_+@#'8 53U#1W$)C0W=U'+.TTB@PD@D$8NH5AST;.
M#'-;]% %/3(9H+01S

ZO'&8Q&-NP



C!K0HH 9%&L481
X'

].V?IBM.B@#'B\/QQBW'VZ[803O.


MEG+;&62(2KM+QXW8/7&01TXZ4Q['S-

QF7Y=^/RQTXZ5;HH S8]'


MF6=[2;=_H[

M 

2H))


_0T 8KVQMKC3E(1RWSRRQKT
M0LCE0?QQ_P JKJ
22^&-=W)&\RS-!P!@#)'OOWUT*:?91VK6R6=NMN_+1
M+$H1OJ
8ITMG:S6PMI;:&2 8Q$R J
=..E &;K =]3L%M9$2\V2E/-&4*?+N
M!]_NX_&K6AF'^Q;06\;QQ+&%5'.2


M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444


=O

@!;/4FGN7CDC*#RXF[22V<@G\!6C67!$YUB] GD!$</(Y/+
M^U3H[G6)$\R?RQ I&,>7G)Y#=S[4 7:S+K4GAFN41>(XE=2T;




R2JYX;
MLN
=>N1VXHU$D !6
MHJ\M/M5UM1V._Y)_P[Y?7;]?\ XHFFKMCUGRRZ^9)*TJH#SM\M5SCZC]10

B!H_GRQSZC&!^9JM
M#%;QW5RC2F/Y@?\ 6%2Q*@DG'6DT=(18VJ&5_--N%*&5N.!GC/!H DAU'S#-

MLIT*
VJ!I)Y5$I51\R%]K'CT7//M0!9CU&::*ZEB@39 Q W.06^4-TQQUJ]!

U?2\1K-9+-1(@8H-N2
M !D9X!]/UH NT4U&+(K
NTD E3V]J=0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 )2T44 (  
 8HP
YQR*6B@!
#).!D]3


M 
4M%   #  ';BDVKMVX&W&,8XQ3J* $[8HI:* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****

M3F%P



M41) 8# .

O!Z=0.?4=1WJ-[R$7!M@Y$V.OEL
M5!/0$]


#@=S39-3ACU1+!DEWM&9-_EMM !'?&/7G/\Z +U%5+74K6
M[E


L-Q*RN0=L;,%!. 6(!@GC)Q0!=

ACC  VY





M1HK

M



M\^O /- &K15*74([2&-K[

MWW06 P

%

C/GL247 P3^=4YM
M&N;C1A;7$L
MPKHP




MJX4\#?[=/?C?HH S=

P!8+A6^[DCC[O Y[UTE% &#=:5J

MJBXCB^=BQVLO48QR
=\CZ4Z;3=0F_M$

M BC
_/!'O
M6K10!@VNG:GE@MH&M_-#,)6/WNA V\_I5=]%U22^+R0//=V8MV+S
PW9;




M\=LEO(D:QB)B

M9-E879N[6XOC 'M86B7R6)\S=M^8Y Q]WISUZTS6]/O]0\R*&6
6[1 *ID9



MT





M_6K5Q8WKSV5S$MOYL


MTYUJ* 



!W[]N
8Z]\].U;E% '.PZ7J:
MBVWI: QZA)=MB=C\K;N!\G4;S^7OQT5%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444






MJ3_ABHI-%C=LK=7

=]-=&XF?
MS5^6VW:@'I@9[GOWK*N='EMK6VENKF.:;S'CS$H));:H4Y.,AN/Z@C


M



MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***




A?Y


&EZ:&D







M.H'0(M4I?F$YD4!)Q7Y1R3*57D@]N: -V5I0Q:&2+!P Y&2/7@FF17D4BE

MTAPB8=F\Q@5'J
'@4 =!#-'.K&-LA6*G@CD4PW48OEM
-YC1F0'M@$#^M1:6

FJ4C$:C-J8SY
 6$D=U&=Y^@)'_?!H U+F9;:V

M422=E #%
A/]HCT]JQ-%


MR.$OJCD37
4BJCN/DVN

^M)]J43QPLC

5'ED]^!R!3;976_M_
0J?-E R@4E=HQTH
M OF]B$RQ 
0660^ON:CU(!-
M UV/)9E24L<8&3&&X_.@#1_M'[.9L




83&/



M]PP%);' +-A1]2:R=&=DND M]VZ! 64(-HYY.&_^O4\-JSZA=!\2D.DC!F(&

M0Q ;Y07W?-_K#QT_K56UM_.BLU*(

_@*SF#73S

$ =Z([F.2))?+W*&VN0
^M9]C$L

&@#HD=7&48
M


M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %5WLK5[I;I[:





M

D2C#



6/ZDU-10!%-;13O&TJ;C&2
M5SV)&/Y&B.WBBE:1$NRA21W SC^9J6B@-(4CDDD4'=(06R?08_I33:Q&Z%
 R[E!R%8Y&?7'<YYR:2*R@@G::)C/]X*Q
MD^NWIGWQ5BB@N+*W 0/ 0Y4;C\I]OS-(UC;O!<0LA:.Y!$H+$[LJ%_D*L
MT4 01V=M%O\ +@1-X ;:




M2I:* (9+6&2=)G3
B'*G)Z_UHN;=+J!X92X1Q@['*G\QS4U% #4144*HP 



 #M2T4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !115+4]0&FV_GR6\\T8.&
04E

J/

@4JKD@$ CG&TD\
MCVSTI+O5#;7\=FMC=3R2(70QF

MKATR

GL


2QF8PAQY@4
5[@'C/Z

3^9$CXQN4'% #Z*** BBHE
MF$JDVY23:^QOFP!@X/;J* ):*** BFY?S -J[




MM%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5
W
ME:^:8/87*QDB-=J\;P
* 0V02
Y[YKIZ* 

*!*\:MEFVD'L?ND9..G--O-/M(M(MHTM[N[B-['(%EL\E%W+



2J@$@=?_P!?%:NBL3?:L&BF
M0-=;U

MXC'NER

M@/I[ U6N(9_
NETZWNHC+9P
Q$+*78.2XRPP7V$#GZ5U]% &3X?LX+2WE^S-

MH7)A@;#)YA()VCD!2
9X';FNNHH Y^TMU^TRFYM9?[4624QW C;!0D[?G VX


R1(YDD8VG[H;&:IVF;3O+





(?







X/' QSGI[U6_

?09[$T6NE3V^J-=&2-HY$#NF#GS^06!




1D
!T


6VX(^3_9'Y^W+1HVH_V;;1











M



8E&
_
 

MK%)'
:JL3ERPSD; -V1@Y&.
5FG3=4-W')Y=GL6_-U_KVSMV%







5#@9VE
M@




X(%-M]*O$$%M*T#6UK

?




_=SU'6H6\-B'[&4BM
M;[R4=94O%X=F8
7!PV#G/&.AH FO=3
^H+:VMW+;*(?.\];8NC=QDD8VX[@C

AR-AZ@[
M-N

MBUQOWQ'C/IG .1WY%6;?4HKC4+BS1)@\&-S-$P4_0XQW'?FLVZTW5)X]1.;/


M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B


M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** ([B%+F!X9=Q20;6L5./J.:S+7PSI%G;W$%O:;([@*)1YCG=@
MY')/'X5KT4 (.!4-U;Y5 6QY;;P
9!8=



M?'F22'+-CIR.F.V
8JQ:PVMTA5Y'# :1RS'ZD]:FHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***




MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ IK*IY(
M!(Z'TIU




C;G
:!=Q]3CJ:
MC_LZQ^U_:_L=O]ISGSO*7?GI][&: .5BM7T#5;& .UT]KIDS#/5R&W8'MV%.
MBUW5X] GU&2

%


-
MK;0


M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4


5L92H5^=J2
%+'TSZG%5[A0;N
MS6



JY/15]
MQP!ZXZ5(D2VUMIEO(H5(U .1C:0F.
=* )Q?;$+RKQ]H\E=ONV 33KF[:&ZA
[FFF!;QAV0J(7))'?=T ^HJ;4[E[/3+JYB4-)%$SHIZ$@<
M#\ZHP*L=U;--$(F:61ES'C@YVC(Z'&.#5N]!NRMI'RI8&9NRJ#G'U/ QZ'-

M@-N])!RK#I@^A]J 'W$ODQ[\J!D [B1UX'ZXJHM_(UW+!Y2@(BONRW.2PQC;








?EN[L$8\KMZ?F?6K
O:@W5&+4-R[GC(7[0T&5YP0Q


&IO-9P.(_W

M-'5R0 &C8@?-CM_C5;R?-M+!4\ZX
=P/.

MFVQ^4Q&?,&/QYQ_^J@#1N;U8;0SILX4L!*QCSCZC/Z5%'J#
EU61A&9#Y1




9S_*JNJQ%KPD?*RJK*5!S
MG=@$^PZ@=
YXJ'2KBUC)
MA=TCO9F+R1

3_(PD//S8SD^OTJ2SD69]2:*90#


@AF_

G#;R';'&

5N(  Y 4'')Y/7\JE-VRV]W([(IB9E3/'1<C-9XM
M9))KJ*)3M/FJ68 +DJH'3GO5J*1);'4'C8

A$



]:WP0P!!R#R* *5M=7=U;0SQ

R.(%#!#
@ANH(YD$<XM]K#9@,<@G!'!_G6M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %(0"




MIR3R)5/])(R!_#EWK[5+-J(CNRFUO*C8)*VW.&;;MQ_P!]4 7Z*HVU]O*B

M SG'/K56WO#.TVV

M0!?P
YP

X/J*@%^XEDF90+%?E$F._=O]WM




G!H OT51GOA;
M0,\8\T_O/8;&;('U%%OJ*R7$D<@9?WWE1_NV&?D#<Y[]: +I (P11@8QCBH)
M+@I/L 5D

5.MU&9U@^?S&4N



DB16REG

8&*S/[1EVF(1_Z5O4A2A ,QP??J?QJT]V#;S2

M)#MS&[=
D9&1WH F P


MXST]:M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !5748C/92Q X5U(

4=KYDBE1YX'(6


M379AN9;=F)


YQR* 

YQSZT4 9;A1JEI LQ=TDDF








M[MP
D^Y_6M&DH PQ=6T-W$RWMM
1DMI7$
M8?<QT'(Z]<]/:M@ #H!10!DP2;;J QM


Q\PM)'(N-C'DCGKSSG)Z^E1[
_K6F0#U&:6@#)NX%-AEON


MJO+$T\T42NT-S+

MZ?J4JW

?4?A+?W%M<^&-4


M11W]E.0^Z*6X+HZ]\


B%LQ-N'H 0W&
\8K0U
MW=-.50)+J1)8RP!8CS%)' ';_Z]:.!C&!CTI: .?N@]K(LTRF.)9W+$E0B
MCRF&1WZX'XU8U.!Y/#[(V52.WW


M*]_

#;P
5KT@ '0 4M !1110 4444 %%%% !111


2VEUHNH?9421(T< QKD%MF<C'7KCBHVDCCOI!-

MSDXX'&.G7\

M3$HBB61=QY;.[C_QW]:6&\:2[ABW1


MW\^GRX'TJQ:73R)''.FRY

M[U?M73^T' G

MRSLD1
?D1RHO&[YMW!YQV%5+:-);^1HHPT!2+!6#:I*LQX)XXR#D4FF$0^=&




VJ)YVC?:








OIQGU(J
M0C_A''(! R<#'/W_ $J2((TUS/YDL821#O9I( &000..M %IKZ/[*TZ$!5<





M#6\\

MQQP:R A.BV:P(SN]NJSA!DB

B4RF-
MKBU2)8R SD<?CS5S68O
B/[V

Z4.&M7!A+VP#.0

CJI

MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** D90PPP!'H12T4 )1BEHH 2@@'&1TZ4M% !28
^.:6EHH 0 #H,4=\TM% 44M% !28'/'6EHH 3 SG'-&!Z4M%

 =!UHP/2EHH 3%
M&!@=*6B@!%4*

TM% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 45FR:M@QB&QNI_
=T4IY8R5





M@JO9W:W:RXBDB:)S&Z2 9!P#U!(/!'?]: +-%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4A&01Z
MTM% &)%#?K':BVMXB;620





M*S@'G&0-'


O;OZ4R35K.&0^9=6P0E$4B8$[FR0.W&





YX.W/MGO5RB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
J*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** /__9
end








begin 644 exhibit10-21x4x1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!# ! +# X
A .#0X2$1 3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB



@7)& 


=S&F+AH0G4\2F,'J/3-,TT!989_+8B=617C5=N,Y&< 8X
M'!Z?I5;3UCN+-H'81HM[.[-D9)$[D ?C@_\ ZZ -6Z
MVT2R12($SN3USC'





M&VFDDEU!4/G[E


MJ4I6R*1[_-8*Y7&#\A8@9/'(J\MPACC9B%+MMP#GYO3C\:Q;M!#H[[V^62UR

J64$_ANJA9Q+:3:?]K@2$QVK*6;'WP4[CC/7
M'-37[RW=O;2IB.(R0D'&6)


DY/H





@8/ ZT '_A'
6
M)'*I$7DV#=N.?FQZ=Z+KS/[5@$0&\V\H!/0?

M+X?:$^RJ
[R/-.
@)G)'U(XQ[U#9/%-JEP]NRM%'&J90\;\L6'U VT ..I*M
MRX8
..V$LL(_X^!][$9P61?4\=.P)]JLZF(M0T]&1@]OO5S_M$,,#\
M^?P% $\FH%8))EA)$* Y*$DX X([DU-=SFW@9P
L%)'RDCCUQTK+G0Q3PN#


MCD;Y0-AV
QZ#(P0!^..]6=6B-S*)%90L)B&XG@CS%=@/7Y5''?- %FTO);B4
M


M+50ZA$(UD57=&=45EP<DG [^]6)'\N-G/\()H ?25!I]U]ML

MEHH 3 SG'-&!G..:6B@!


$ CT-+10 E+110 4A )!(&1T-+10 E%+1


M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ J.XE$$#RD$A!G Z


8X7<?09ZT-=VR7*VSW$2SL,K$7 8CV'6J%U;S)JLTS69O;:X@6$HGR8


1D&X#UQUQ7/W-MJ#1:
MBJ:;
QFOXIX\21_
B[
G[W_3



U@V]KJ22F9[ J#9O#Y

MPM#*D2HR

MV20$*?0D=*QKS3;Z9[VV,D45PDO,A5E5F!P4(^89XR

L%A-%


;2W=Y (S*L:


RWE@MARN?,PT;9P Q)P<CGMCCKUK7D8I
M&S*C2%02$7&6]AD@?F:YVTM]1AAT^9K4FU

M2WUI!&LDUU!&C#(9Y  1ZY-2RRQP0O+*ZI&@W
S'  ]:YRRTNYM=8L9C9DQK



M&#*,'L/O=.N?2M26\MH6C66XAC:4XC#. 7^GK7.VEE?P-8739&%OIK6Y*R









M* .CBO+69Y$BN89&C +A7!*@\C/I34O[-[=[A+N!H$^]() 57ZG.!6#)IUY-


^9&MQ9
M*BR
.]M)6D6*ZA=HO]8%D!*?7TICZG8I'

_-@C XJ6.RN



T
01E8@\CC.02*@N+2X
MU*[N!*+NSA1#$A7R6$RG[W4
1G ]/\ #3FN(8(3---''$!DN[ */Q-5QJ^FM
M%YHU&T




#[4 =$& *D$'D$=Z@2]M))Y($NH6EB&7C60%D^H[4ZS$R





AEA21HWB+ '8^-
(-4/]DW:V1N1*EMYWG0@ 1 @E<D^N.P)QZ=: -ZBHX3!&2<DJ.
M?PJ&\O5M6CC$4D\TF2D

M4YP6!(/8\#)XZ5'/X@M(C/MCN)1!$L[LB?+Y9YW DC(P#T]#Z4 :U%94VOVU


9W

M-NC?./8@X(X]Z;J&H0Z=%')
LC218AY:%N6.!GT% %NBLT:N&60+97;3QR


#T'XYJ_+KEK MR;E9(#;E

MQCG% &G16+!XFLKDP+!'-+)-(T86
*P#*N[!8';T]#_(XTK&[COK1+B(
JL2


C7D

'N15O
M3=0@U.R2ZMB3&Q(YQD$'!'&1^1Q0!;HJIJ5Q);VR^2










M=OW9'W^/OMS]/3G?HH R8]+NTTJ33_MZ.GE&&)V@^95QCYOF^8X]
4R:Q\][




_


BD2$JL:;OF





I61OK7RDF,,BNLD<@&=
MK*<C([CU%9S:#/(]U+)?@S3S0SC$.$5X]N.,Y(.WU_QK<JZNX;.
/.Q 8X4
M*I9F.
X  )/ )X]* 

M-(LDG\3*NT?@
G _$T031W


O+*




]3Q[4V+P]BU2VENR\7V+[))B/:6 Z$'/'4^M;
M
LJ0Q/+*X2-%+
S'  '4FFV\\5S D\#AXI!N5AW'K0!0ETR[N+'R+B_!EC=7
MAE2';M*D$%AD[NG.
 YI^G:=-:7EY=377G/=%&95CV*I50O')/;U_P :T:K7

M?%:2WZ2)%;B%=T!PI4\
!NZ]




%K78I! .!SC<&/!ZXP1QWJ_)I]E*83)9V



M5IKG43&MK

1GUY].U4WNKNY22WEOKF
PZA%&KLL:R%2%/S
M +C@GT]

M?N\8[8X]* 





EN[C4]0$]T3';3^6D:(JJ5**PSP3D9[$4^_N)F
FZ18E'\Y#I3S+$5 L@3&

M@$8(^A%11:7I\


MD?VA#=%





M/)XY/)_


DBAD88*L
M



M-:6-Y(ECW$AL[0.=I X!Y]S6O;$?VZ!D9^PI_PA&K7]E:=Y9C^P6OED8*^2
MN
YZ8]0#]:?%IUE!
LT-G;QRJNQ72)0P7TSCI0!5U&XF.HVEC'.]LLZ.WG*
M%)RN
.QKHKFUM[N

M*K-I6G/OW:?:MYF-^85.['3/'.* 

MSD?-@^E6]?NKFTLX9;:5(B;B)'+)NRK
$Q$,)3AGMT5!CYAC@GKSSPW4)KM
MUNK8W\P^SZC;QK(H0

*X+?WL8
MZ^].&FV(

-]
FK+!/+(8IF*P
H1HWPI)&1R&X)



<
MXZ4L.JZA?0V-O97D+S2Q2.TQD5=S*P&.$8=#DC ^HKHFL;-T1&M8&5'\Q5
8
M(5O[P]#[T26-G-L,MK \2G*HT8*@^H% VYE:SC
YC


MU*?3D-^84N+ S/Y




5Y+]I5A&?W?F
N
^0<^U7* ,30B&U'5_M6W[:+DC#=?)P-F/]G&?QS6M:K MNHM@
M!%DE=O3D]O:FW-C9W;H]S:03NGW&DC#%?IGI4_2@#G6U[6_*Q7QDBE2?:TD
M*B-&4@*%Z

%@V58D$GIV(_QVZ@2SM8[I[I+:


M))1E+
5&!R5';CV%4;?3KK;=S1O?1ZL$E4[HD6.0D':=^P;ATQ\Q(..V: .C


MQU'7UJ!

B+DD$9&.!G.: .THKD'T^WA73D@CU:

M_



,]_FW=.^?6@W%?O+J-Y9K;E7MXT=6=QB3=NQTS@97_ .M5T9P
]:Y?60\E
MQKJ+;WA
EE&L310R?

E


$_]]#@




M(&[@J&'4C([4 =752:\

#;CC'7O6+#&P;3;FXL
;6EA;R
M8'^ZW3*D953Z'@5'IZ
!I-O/I]Q&JQSHR/ 2JAB
 D9 !QWH Z2.83)') 4D


2/;/2@#HZIZI?_V=

#-!(W[U=W*\$ C*].G/O4


M+'OZ



&&_M;7R687&[]YN X&<8ZFBXO##?VMKY+
+C=^\



XA1MP0
0







'!Y'%16^IM;



#!




M  /VH UZ*S=2UF+3C*#!/.88O.E$(7Y$YY.XCT/3/2F)KL+3S1-;7
?D1K+.


M+8W
:-$LS
\WD;4 ?#8SRRDKT]_Y&@#9HK
AUJ*5H@;:YC#RF!F=5Q'(

M?;J
CWJO%XITV::2.-V?9&TBF

MM=:DBZLSW-O

94D8//&0?
M6K[Z[''D/9W2LLRPR*=@\LMC:2=V
'/4$T :U%007'G23*(G01/LW-C#\=L'


M $QHX_


MT)&[GI_#F@#9HJI;7Z7


MN&8




@4QN$*&6

M:9J-OJEF+FV)*;BI!(.#@C()!^H)% %NBJ$&J)+?T:VN(696:-I5 $@4@'

1QQ-$8C$22&().[=ZJ.WK3+W3)+S4H;AIT$0R0M%Y9)8/C
M/S;N/NCMZ_AI44 9/]D7$FGSN;_ 


MS$%6#K(Q9N.Y(_2KTNGW3W



M/UK2HH J:E81ZC:B&1F1E=9(Y%QN1U.0PS47V&XN;:2#4KE)XW1D(AB
08$8
M.?F.3U]![=*O
Z(5#LJECM7)QD^@_*G4 84^@W%S:-%/?H\JV[VT4A@QM1\!
MBPW?

9^8?


S1RY8
MY!$;C ^[D










M:U'D2


MH Y2XTM[5;.Q::9T@@\M93:22!P3RI\IEP

UEX*C<V?FP0.







<#.:E;0=/:1YD^YY1

MY%P5;S =WWVVYQC.W.
X[XH JZ!)=3::)+R9)7:1\%4*X 8C'4__ *N*2\U*
M6UU6*3;%;N%R/&Q5V)P1O!PIQT!')/6KMK:06:



M:B^GMY()H&*.D#!O
YG+G)(R??!Z5LVWG?9X_M)0S;?G

MSCCMSU[QW-_J




M&!_P$UGV6L7TKV;7$=NJ3W
MLR1[B04W_



G=GL/R'H* &6
:)KNI[$5




;<QSCS 02RA1AL<[2<Y...#5/5KK3] L$MVMHR-/CDB\]2WGOM_U:
M@

5Q&+*WC2V5!&%CN


B7#!54
6 8D9DRN ?1L^M21Z
MUE;B.Z:**WNP-D:EF.QE8?
2.N

]PJ!'D#LOF ?W@#AOQ

MGEY4R-R



-C2 @9QW4]O



SD[QT8

H(!R



M/H6GO:_9FCF
.X

M&1['- %
:E.VH/:2%+=V!\E9(F.[DY#9PWT& #4GAV:YN=#M+B[E6266
/

XS@XIMMIL-FT0M2\4


MXSWYZ=Z 

MN9E4^61G!.)

M8ID]2%S@$^H% '.V#WCW&G7GF6[7DNDN[2M$>1NC(R 
M3_9UAYQ^SQ3R+E?XP3MR77'3KAOI5]-!TY&1DBE0I$85VW$@PAZCAOI^0]!3



MM37;6RR[#L&(_



C^][

M R)BVEW^892BLQWL #G;C:3M(P#D8S4XE^SVUJMSJ_G6$LS;KF)V15&WY4
F






#Z4M_J4:PZP\&H31HHB

ZE;6,
ML4<YFWS9".!Y-Q R1\H/. 36;80R+?OITLMTWV67[0)&N')=&^X<\C.X8Z

-P_U;C[N1G)('7J10!=36;.66T2)GD^U
R(


M+G46MKB\34%EU!()/





MGEG45_MAD\G4H5!\U 0C;=R].@^?_OGG.#6OH5TDMWJELEUYZP7.$!EWLJE%
MR

?+#.KJP!&.2WIZT
M =;/
EO\LF[8@R=J%CCZ#)-4[76;.\:(0?:)AF-VM951N


MH3:A.DC6


MG)-=Q0MY$X.YPQCV]?7!Q]*H:9=Q2G3-^J23O=)-&^;D_-@\8 ( /N!F@#
MJU8



M\1SK'=:0BW4%O

C/) Z]2*AO+:/3HU6XNIFN+ZX+

M;@#(.0.!@ DD^M '1T@8




M*9&0!TXJ2@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@

QG;L &

M444 17


G  Z =!VJ:B@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** H+BV^T
FZ:18USOC7;MD]FR





M4^8JR 8VD_WC6O0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!3U
R
M?9MB6/VY)#MEBWJ#M/4_-P?ID52TNTN=*@\J&!I(9KDE8C(!]FB(^IS@CH/6
MMFB@ K
UC
CV\9)6-&

B
MK&1\Q3WYX'.

MK))(KY


M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %9/B$



CF
QO!+.LC1KM7G9G(^]QTR#TY'-












X!R



 X$I^3**1C!Y Z$_CT%:&HLFRQEAD=XMYV^5ALC

M?
5(J]<2A;^$3
/)DB=MK)R#E!@=^=QXH N1SQ2$A'4E6*$9Y!'


@8*0L;







Y210RG&
@\BJ.KG
+P12LDTJGY@Y C7'+8Z9
M]!Z_C532+FV2&RMIYL3&)&BS(
]1SQZ?C0!LB9#
\0/SHH9ACH#G'\C


MK=0VS+




[AR
5DLX0OFP1MJNAQ&/OKC;V_B!%6KJ)H])


VPQD;BWDR
M


M


@)E8D



C(RPY




*
M_P 1E!'..@)_D#0!
]];JP4
SDD#]VA?&3CG .![U++*D04N2-S!1QGD]*PT

^=H/
M?'6LJV6
H!8G X' JS10!3N=
M;NT%K.)G
X.<Y&6!R<'H




?D*;/ID$]U#.1@Q(Z!0
MHV_



]R!V/TJ:.6.52T3JX

0R*1CDE67O[,:?-<PV_\ KI53Y2WS'L.I_44@O+8S+SX_


^I]34K
%4LQ


]S @8O
BA?O$MTI5N(G=
M560

MT=O$996VHO5O2GT 54L(D

1@9& OT_Q


B\G&&QGC\*A33BIB!O+ET




M@KR;;;_5J2
?=*^GH:=):))N#
VUVW
!U;C'7L


3^F/Q%6EM(X[@2Q%H^


4@CNH/FQ_

M44 


MYQB1R^

Q=L9)8DD\#'4TRWLA!&%$\C$
S%CM

$3G-O^\9OF8[EZ\5N1Q[
M-WSLV?[QJNFGJMK%;F:0I%LVCCJN

CO@55!2
M/499W
HA?R[=9 Q^]D_IE@/J#5Y[820O&\CL&8

M#)C*_3/% %73T%UI5H\^9&
2L6).22.:HA1';-=*BNLUPJQABWW2X48YZ=_Q

5A/




!LQNP5(QM^7ZUHW5E'=)(KLX#Q^7\IQA3U_/^
ME


F^)U8$LC8+8(.&]1D4 5K_?
M
E_ K

GD_=')SSTZ
M#\:=8QQO=7!




 C.
**OZJ!'H






!^8GC.3Z$#&/2I;F%;FVE@8D+*A0D=0,4 10-=
MX


_FCR/
M


5(;?

MMRDY'MR
U+6;=LXFO2

M:(((!!!!Z$4$@#)( K/@


ZPS1R

MXW8X2-





M67 ^N





D#)P
]Z165T
#SQ@4 70Z'HRG\:4$$9!!'M7-6 K#NA#I]GM2P@$_



MG5'5F0X8 _=.

N4D9=XSR 



M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111






MM4@*PXYX)_+/YFJS:;MAQ%
5EW!RS*I(QC*^@P,8YXZUH44 5YK=Y;NWE\P
M.$EMFWDL01USTP32K 5O9+C=P\:)CTP6/\ [-4]% %::U:2[CG68Q[(V3Y0






G:=I!Z#UQ5VB@#.E

BX02'YV ^8\8_/'&:GHH JB


M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%5Y+^SBN5MI+N!+A\;8FD =L]
#K0!8HJ!+VUDNFM4N86N$&

M2=IQSGOT/3I]/44 /HHHH **@NKRWLUC:YE6
2.(TS_$QZ 5))((U#
&() ^
M52QY..W\^U #Z**:[JB


M**9++'!$\LKA(T4LS

[L%5

M !1137941G=@JJ
DGH!0 ZBHK:XBN[=)X'#Q.
JPZ$4R]O+?3[5[F[E6*%!E

]4D4
#^!
E68+.WAMC EO L;??1(


?./0^H

MFR&.

MY\UX7B*





 G(Z@'%
;1]
?


G ) .W9G)
MX(^?!';FMJ6RM9FC:6VAD:+_ %9:

/_PD

MYM[MB]M9P.6*H3*09.&XQ@\YP!^%=/)%'+$T4J*\;#:RL
@CT(-5GTG39&=G

M ]JN:X95@MC J-+]ICVJ[%03GN0#C\JM+86:RQRK:02)0D;
911T /84MU
M8VEZ%%W:P7 7E1+&'Q]


MAYJ)=-L%F29;*V$J9VN(EW+DDG!QQR2?Q- &';RW=MN8:@\F_4O*=950G;NQ
MP0!C/X].
4^TO=6NKJ6Y66UCM8YI8GBDDZ;20O&S(/ /+$8/2MF73K&8DS65

M5G655Z



S1@EE/4$^A]* .8T[4+O
M3M*L2C&=#I33+#M& R!
8P


@K<;3;%Q'LK9A!_JLQ*?+_P!WCCIV
MJ%M&T]8L06%E'(A+1

L850(\*
M3N&!GK@')/4=*JVUW?&STRQT^2*-Y;=Y SN%W%6 P
2&)<$CY<X&?7KG/&-G1_[0 D6_FAF!VM$R2!VP<]

[?3/I[4EM:V]I'Y=K!%!'G.V- HS]!0!RUW






LES?\ ]B22W$D4@O)(RT:K


S1
.06-;]01VEM%</<1V\232??D5 &;ZG


MV!P4EVY_\=)'ZU-7/2!)4M$^QWDNG)

U4TZ-


J


[C
M9L2J&&0Q&T'!7ICOWS2:?IBFQG96U&*:6


MP






MLJ(SNP55&23T KF(HI;5M)4VUSY:7DSHBQ






EOM
MPI Q$$!V[L$@+[\\T ;VF7_ /:$$DGDM8YGB*L03E3@]/I5RL?PU&\5K=H
M]M+ OVR9D$B[=RER00.N
4NMV@::TODM5GEADV

=

MQ))MSG;N .
_C5BN6T!/L]YI:K:7$1;3O+G9K=U'F*5P&)'48?&?PZBM7Q*C

+(88TD$A(PX;(X'U!Z


V[

MP16ED@(99%R&R2

MQ+=+%I\B6;O!*\
%NT89!D

:R6[*BR D_+D84XVGC'/OF@#I9)$BC:21@J(

?G

/)DRV



/QVP?YXH GHJA-JBP7JV[VMSL:18_/V@1[B
M



U%_P )!:NT:P0W
[R0

M[;HRLK*%/T!P?3GMQ56?6X+2U
UY#-:MO\M8YBBECC/#;MO3ONJSINH0:G9)

_
#^ X


M4%X$\X/E/NM'(R



GCDC'?%:4
AEC#F-XST*N.10!)15*/4HGDG&QU




MN2&5)O\ 1R1EB#U.X\'KU.!QTJ9;\76HV$\
TJ0/'
)(FP &7 .1Z@Y'7% &


MD8!Q5]?$FG-J7V(2C?N9-^]-RYR

-FUG+


M!;HK T34V2**VNFN)GDN9X4G?!!*LV ?^ KV&.*LMJ?VN&Y@6&[LY?(
L;R*

M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** LV]T^YN-2ANX;J*
10R1!&A+9+8YSN']





86


M &OH6






C3]&NM/\DPWZ$K
M D$H
'#JF0I W?*V#@GD'TI1HDCPZA'/=JPNYA.C1Q;3$XVX/+$'&U3T'?UX

















#?\ -\V/;;5\9P
D$]\4M-=UC0N[!549))P!0!0M


O*ZH@ZLQP




M2-0@








MJM[+'














D@@CU]_:


MW5-@3)/R]




=*W;71[&SFCEMXW1

M);PR1;01@R
4 8D\X(!SQ]*CU:XFDL]0L+]8)9(H$G22.


!T!;.[ ]
XH

M&



\$5S \
\:R1.
M


MD*CT!8G X'2K5 !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !116'JL2OJJ_;K


M1#
#IES';R/(L$

MD9&%QR
$9Y'7O5^N3
%JEWK;?V1+(9)4*XM70.F$#?
%Y&X$E1G=@\'-);6[




3*TAF:!HV#$CY6/1SCN.FW!J;6T+7%F;BV:ZT\%Q/&L1D^
M8@;&* $D#GMU(- %R6\

Y.#R.M '8


@B@#JZ*XVZA8-J4C6MW

MD4D4!8ECO!&0



M


M?3[JWN6D661HY$A9UE#
6!W 8!YQ\V* -FWF6XMXYD#!9%# 

$ C/([&I*:

RL $/OZ_A5VN4-G%;[HQI\J%M3#.T-NWS)DD'*CE0#].2/6HI;7=!


@2^4%Q'G




=?XA5RN;TY;B#5-+2YBN2Z64D;.8V8*2RE0SC(SA3G





MD?*


W(9H@IDV*S! W0D@8

3C '')Y& .3G@4 :5%1PS)/&)(R2IR.0


MC

VIO
M=S'[/!
B1?N65OF52%VXW%LG&
L<<;.VW.

\9P4+8R,X!!YPW(JU_:UEY<K^8X$
M3B-@8GW;CT 7&3G/&,Y[4 275A;W;J\HE#J,!HIGC;'IE2#BIXXTB0)&H51V
MK*EU-IKS2GLIU-K<321R*8R&)


;MS+NP
\T]-5LW\[$K*82 ZM&RMSP
 C


MU*T221'EV^4
NQ4A!QN/S8QTYQF@W15*WU:QNG189]V]Z
58*ZCJ02
''?
M'2F#6M/\N1VN/+6-=[&1&3*]-PR!N'N







H&0 
8X;KGL
5L44

%N6+E
MY65CN&#@!2..O7GVZU3U32]0NI]4









LK*KJ%P
H?E&

MM]XG)QTQ[UO44 8L&EW:FWBE







1!8SRP^8T1E6-^&7(.<KMQD8SN_KDFF(U[]KCN)X92@20

K[&*-G.%P3D8Z''?IWN6=W=S:

$J3W/4]




MIR?F3@C !R&[GJ?;-7Y=?
*RI):G[2EQ]G6-SACLWYRJEL8_P!D_P!:FNM


DLPG5\H#$X&W*X7^[



QS+T^7&
MWCJ


HZVUG=FWALYKEHU5I/+C=B
M<]-JD9XZ$CZT_P#L*%H[R.:YN)ENW$C;BH*.  &4A1@C _*G1Z.(YUG%]=^=
ML2/E



22/RA,VPNB=U
M'RXY]2??I0!%I5DT.D-+;PPVUY<0@DJQ=6?!PQX&2<Y/&3ZG%4K*5'26RNF




MQ[UI/IB-?&[CN+B)W0)*J

M&KK19XI?LX^PRSFW682?


M!5=N68Y. 

M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%

M0@

Y:96X]

3@]\]/PH &
MU11&7$$API;J.0#CU]:;J.KI8W'DF&1S]GDFR%./DV\=.^[KVJH=-E^T^09(

L$N%D

EPOD





$#Y







[R -'S&&/RA


;'. ._;]/3@ UTO8I&E5-^Z) [!HV7@Y
MQU'L:K+JI::.+[.0\@4K\XZ
KG_V0U3TI@EI(S C980[N.X#YJO(C07T*AXT



LP4!22


S*

X4

/L)


M#UZ=.^10!IQ7*RW$D(1U:-58[@


MGW-:5 !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !3717^\H/&/PIU17
Z6T#S





M@ 9.3QU-+D9(R

G//T'U(H EDBCE4+(BNH8
 1GD'(/X$ TX@$$$ @\$



M]!C/\Q1'
LLDR+G



DMH)?+\R&-O+(*94?*1TQ4U% #)(UD7:



C.BLR'*DC.T]


4LD

;T5
MMIR

M8YJ2B@!ABC
HE**9 


''(.1^M &1
'&C:@O






C;F+
6/IW[4S[

&@#!

LBN#_ .HQ^/7\/2KBZ=:+;);^2&B
.WW&X]JZ=8(U!5 $:[4Q_
.!^8








M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *H:CJ7V6WC^R7$YN&V)Y6S&[!.#N


V/X3R -O4@=:S;]'FL


UHL
XMQ&KFVD0RGJ7+.@
M^8\\ G//)K0U.VC_ .$AT^\DLS
J12@NL.\JV5*]!QP&Q^0Y- &AIMX-0TZW

M8@ ?


M$SGNK$_*#V!JOXAMFO)[0SY.GE'$@A@$I#';M)1E8]


5G&$EN8W;YU).0V







?0]:OUS%[!


MUZ;T7!:%H3#

JH9L#''R


M;K&*Y

MLFR3)R3E6*G!&&&
8/-32Z8B:@RBS\R+4(0D[LBG!4\EB.[ G\5% &]17
1Z







Z0N7=#&P!WCC;G& 

MADC*[VXQDG[YSD[AGC//-2ZXMO\ VOIS7

DT3)*KQJC2 C ZH
YZ^E &]17

Z/)Y()RBX' ;&

2



^.Y% '845QD5G-?S_M'^T8Q]DA6-X[<%EE7(?.Y4.<?-P#ZUT6NQW4F

MJ

XO(A;
1(Y&!)MQEU/T.
CCB@#?:^*ZPE@86



_0XH W:*YK0[!DU$W%PU\MZC.)@T*+'(#G!WA!O'3 W$BNEH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***KW=[!9J&G9OFZ*B
[''7J: +%%49M
M8L(8DE:?

FQ68(&Z$D# 'OVXS


M%I^OH;33%O-_G75MYS2+&=BX R20



M@A(R

XV8W9QS
MC% %NBLTZ[IV](TG:61T

M^4D57#JC

M

M :%%86G:T
7KWL[.HO#% J6[!L;%;;L +9&3G//!Z5=.MZ=^[VW(=I(O.145
MF9D]0 





@?Q '&X


M=HJFNIVITN/4&DVP2(K@X)/S8P !R3SC'6H%\0::V?WTBD2+:\$BDN?X0N
M2?ITXH TZ*HG5K-9(T:1U


T^

AUNU


/[H0
MX4*$!)  XX) R/P%6** 



M-


]QJ9NYK33[M98U1UN%R8B

 #CCTK!O=)O;]M1CE2U2&X*-&=Y?EH92H&#CGG\^M

-K93(/


MH** 


MX\^T)!Q&207W?7YNG]XUOT4 9
FGW U:WEA6$6D5J]ORY#C=M(PNW'&T=^_M
MS4M=*U.V;3_EM'%I9-;']ZRY)X/W3Q\@_,^G/0T4 4=%M9[+2+6UN?+\V

7%FUL?

MF%M&DUE'!D.7PZ

MT** *&JV#7T4+12.XMY1-$Y&1N'8CT()%1S6M[J.GW%K?&W$L;1GR)#)G(

L?ER/N\+S]:6XTK4;F6




M9QUQH444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %8?B
JDVFN\EVL;7!CD

MW'E+J %MY[
'



M.@0W!D9KNY61VC8R+LW80Y4?=Y //.3[XXI3H4;23NUY=%IIUN#G9A6 P
#;








@MSWY&/TQ5%=#1+?3H5O+H+8-F/[F6P
 -\O8$CC'7UYH
MA&L7

+4WAY<'()#*?E
M.


MTH7-U+.;NXC
D)@*ILVA3W&5)S^-0_V##@8NKI=T(@EVLH\Y1P-WR\$ XRN#

 9!R.@S[9JWI5



TQMQ.)/F#[BO*XX!8




ROYTSI&[20Q
05B8YR1QD]3U)QF@#+T:X2V


KL

MOJXM6
E_:!'BLS.TJ
&R


M@ FUJZN+/37FM4C:0


 ]CD_A5=/$1CMHKF]M/
M)@FM#=1LDF\D  E2



KM_9+?:?+9M++''*FQF0@MM/!&6!ZB@#GW622[%L;\6)L
MG






MO)GCF+G$I$#1E
]-V/
Z=O7VH L6&N&]OEB2RG$#[MD_ER8X_O$H% /;#&MB
MJ-EIJ63MY-Q/Y)8NL#

M0 4444 %

''\0 X(%7?%

MI*4$J[020O1R6W#&#QC&





M\-C$))=Q&]8\(


@C'/3% '845F:7$_]DM'

V?*&PD


*7W?*
[LX(Y&#4T3SP0VN
MI7

#^M#L57(1G.
M1PN
_K7/-+_9^L65H=0D7S+25FBEF

VJ-!82*UZ8I+






MN))'?81@HK.KJP_BY+=L5-/



VPX+[SC.W XSV!/J:Z165U#*0RD
M9!!R* '4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 R5#)$Z*[1E@0'7&5]QD$?F*@TVQ33;*SCEDDCB7:IDQ


M-X I9I N

CYLG!]* -FBL+3[Z]FNY&G%PZ)
8?+2%
M50=/F.23Q]?SJU+?[;FZ1;RU0HKMD%FCY(((!'''X4 :=%9UI-=W$IWW$K
M'
R%5B(

2G.5#MNQMZG:!UH Z&BL;2KF^

S+YB;=T8A9-A(SC)/S?7BM.@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH


MQ_:&ENF+#*+Y2$DE^#SD\XZ\UT5% !69K&9'MXR2L:





T

M&1;%_P!?+;^==310!3TAF?2+-WB\IF@0E/[ORCBKE%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %


B!V(]
;1^?YU




$'(XP.GZU8%HMUJUO))'
LM@I1I
;T7,2QM$Q&5V@*I.?H1CO6QJUA/J6DR62W$<
M32KLDD,18$8YP-PQS[FJ8T*X2[M+V&]CCNX8_*E98#LG3LN[@CUS0!9AUVS
MFG:




MRD2!5#. H8N






D
854

]N]5+?P^\.DRV$EQ#.CRO(


\D)NF01QAH80!DM@@$9SC'..W%6V\0VWVT6L4%Q.[6PND



MSG=GKGVH ;XON[K3_#\][97#030E2
*K!LL!@[@?7M4NES
8'O)=0NI840[U


M


#\W!X^G(JC;V=Q:^)=.AE
L\4%F\/G+;LJ#IM!
M;D9P.N?RJ6P\

TZ1
%1&!#''\0/-/NO$$&FW$UG/#=RO;09Y0
MJ8=,@%N._48'0X%2Z_I



;=



M9(\

MV-G%97&RXB

MJ.!8)EG^:$N693Q_$.* 


7Z5LT %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444





M.0CLAXQR#@U(S!5+

2
F267&


M&L]Q&EJ;ERRQ!-Y+*00
WOT'E3%6NPREN#^X(XW'/8^U &S]JA\J*02 I

$.N=O !!.#WQ5*
MSB\J-C' Z/\ 9Y]^Q 

MYPO!Y/\ D5GW



C-9MPK!+YX]K!YTSG(((#'OT_6@#6J%KRV4',\9P2 V3D=





M@N8C*L0;YV3S 
'[OOZ?_KK-N4
6CH)6

M!C)]NHJ&\\DV+J\:HWE
$1@


M !). .IID
R30)
A^20!E)&

K* 0-I; .
\X(]L


NV($\N-6QEF+C^@_*FVS!)[6V1I5:$E)$)..$X]B* -&:5((7E


;7LJM%'FW*[6



M 


M+



($8:2T1/O'C/F#

M9/7%8[B02

10R$

M=/YT 2'4;( DWD''_305
\\
9Q)+&AQG#
!Q6;;S7

M-


*23T[]*?


M 9*J%W
G\C3J (DMD2<S!G+%0OS-GC.
M:5(0D\DN23)C@]L4X@




+


C.3QD$=23^)J



M4DB1+ND=47(&6.!DG _6AI$5U1G4





M!@.


6&TXYP1U_&F+80JSLK3


MV59



MD1&16=59SA03]XXSQ^ -.8A5+

DH IIIRQYV7$ZDKMR.F<^GJ:LR(7CV!V7/!(ZX_I3E974
C!E/((.0


\9XS4MS MQ$(V) #J_'^RP;^E

^QHP*NS
C'++T#'
MWQU_E5FB@M!9I;RLT4DBQM_RQSE ?4#M]!Q[59HHH **** BBB@ HHHH *

MYK::=[.>.-)W#LLD1
9('6@#
 C^U[


CIR

M*K'D





#O
MO6

M89?


RN
MQDP

WVHP<#:=K8.<U?DLU:TCMT<J(V1
M@<9^ZP(_E0;63=,PF&Z50I^3TS[^] %;560V]JWWQYFY2,'.$8]_8&JJ.\;/
M)&2HD,*X4@;=YQG[F,_-FM(VF8HD)5O+CV ,..1@G\L_F:B;3=L.(IBLNX.6
M905)&,97T&!C'/'6@W<3+;V\DSD!8U+$GT JCX?5X--CM)_]? H#_B
_P!2


MY&$N/

MPQ).T %@

M1V+'O_O46UHUNJ(+F5D48VD+S^0H RO$33-'##!




M^[C.

EQO/'
M'K6BUO&R
NQ
L0Q)4'+#&#^@_*H;6TFMK5HQ
C2O(TC
8SMRQ)/&??UH RU1
ME1FF^T8R5C*HWF1$]&;L3C Q_/-7[AHVTK


P3RY9NKQC;WSQUQ0!5O$C^WV 4#;)*X
M?'\7R





C0!;!R
CI0
@@XJ-


A
ME.012^8G]]?SK'T(*J0!I9!*;6

M^W4P:)(['RF='E.XXV;LG'MC./PH5I1?1@Q





MI5=7&48
/8YK.U+8;RU)16$)




MFS[=3UYH T?

MW.

([0222-'OGWSN Q

M^5*74
%+ 


MPZ%V0
_O%W7$B @(<+AB


M9?\ :[^E6Y)Y'T 7*R21XMZ@;226'_=QW Z@#35E= Z,&5AD$'((IU83

M Z

MG8/N*Q23OYT2@F




R
M!4*RF1\#ESL*_P!1^56:* *45DT5XDBNHAC1U1

$L+2@
M1RJ5.%Y (QZU9HH AV3%E)F  .2 GWO:H#8R(6D@GVSN


M6UM#;QF!I/





61G&.F#U Z\?RIILV\V39)Y<4BJI\

\S


L?23:
@XQG-
%DPU*:\68KYL21[0HXVE




1
MD1O*H8CZ$YI%U&Q?9LO+=O

MVB3F
QEB?D)R1@D?TH L4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444


5N

/('WEMV<#)[;?7FM.B@

M-::(T6I1WSRKD 
8AOPK[-F5^?:!CU4GWI]_HTE^]R\EVR
ZJL!CWJ(L9.6





:JA&VSDA;)
M[ 



..H'Y=:Q;;6[J575;BRGD
M1[F*,CRB'[6&\\D$XZ=#P: .CHJF=4LUFDB


M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%


M[#H..@'%1?V9_P 2O[#]KN

0AN&F D

]!UX('%;]% &

B@ HHHH **** BBB@

# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *

MI3!4%0WMU(_6ENY;B'3HR\I#RRJC

M!\O#


M%)569R-Q8$GKR!CITZ8JQJ#B2*-'\Q%D'SIP#CZ\\@XZ&@#0HK#
DLXVR32J


*S;J

M

;\D#GKBF6


@NKA6E

<CSGQ\Y;OZF@[1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
6T3H?*P%Q 
2.I^8\#


QQ5F[L3<
25#G


M8_**!5 Y).23D8^E6J* *]MT;3%P/GD++],#_JDNE!T9E$2S/(''R JO&.



7<H:
+

V5]:L44
M 5[2W:WC*O*93G)SZ =R?3/XU8HHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
-U=3T*G(-!=59
M5+ 
W0$\F@!U%%(2%!+$ #DD]J %HIB2QR1+*CJT;+N5U.01Z@^E*CJZ*Z
&
M5AD

DDX I000
M#T(H 6BF22)$ 9'5 2%!8XR3T%R([
J.K%3A@#G!]Z 'T4QY(X]OF.J;B%

$*R(=_*88?-]/6I* BBB@ HHHH **** 




MQC!]Z .=EGN=
O\ 5[R/[.SQ6MO+.1$0)

MEYMM#.(96ROH3DN






M!*@_F
^M6(]0U*7R+.:WBMKR8R'=*H92BX^;:KGD[@


\




L?EA@3]WMQ
MT[GGKR?6FOIMM)?K?
LAN%4H#YKA=IZC;G&.G;M0!F'5-0AAAD:.UD6YMFFB

74%]#!#%RRQ2



MW('7./T]?6K5MHMC:RV\D*2JULACBS/(0JGJ




MV7GA(8;B*-@[1



MH53RRD5]

V^.8^?()9
7
@RPZ'A
MN




M/])D;9BZ4H1@JI.[)(/S 5-IVHWT.C:7::=:^=+]B25LA2
=



UBTNU1'2VG98
M7B96VJ/E8$Y#COD8QQ5N'4+N)Y[:1K5?+M8IXW;(5 Q888YYQMZC&:NRZ193

M




I%5KN+2KG3%N+M'N+C4&FD9L










MPZ5=2VH8S)$Q0*

3+.JQM)M:1 W[MCWR5[Y_6@#IE8


MPN



++NE891E3/#=

![CK&VP,!

M;7[9H]P;JX994=O
^U2

F]G








8&N&#9VX(!)
MROX8Y_&@#L:*XQ;V6[M[+^UUMX6B95N'9B&D#$8+*Z_-C!PQ.?0UUUMO^S1










MM4CKD]* +%%



MM7*IS:C;I!
T




DDX J :A9-:FZ%Y
M;FW!P91*NS\\XH LT5 U[:I$LKW
*QLI8.9  0.ISZ5#)JUA'-;1-=P[KKF+

ZB1@&<*Q .!D\TW6]5&G0*8G@:<N@\IWPVUFD@=3C(H
M TZ*J7.IZ?9R^5=7UM!)C.V695./7!-2[MFN3;XB-P!N
0
#
M]W@@#6IDBEXV57:

D#\S3J* .5@LKTP:8L

]

ZR1;%.?


MT65W4+


MDD%J[



_P 0/TP*Z:HKBV@N


NG

*:<21G*$.

9\D/T7D@Y[G


@C)[=CQ3;BPO93?LNE2*\^F+;*Q:+)DPP/\7^T.?]GZ5U=% '




5D


K ^I






7%N\HS
24=1DH?E


MM+.54L1!;6TWV9$

M8G\ZB318?L]U!+//
ES+YIWE04?KE2 

M'%*&4


A#3)E=LK  ;CQP3@9VX'M4U_8Q7\*I(SQM&XDCDC.&1AW'
MYG\Z 
R37YXK*&[FTYHH6=HY3(S(8ST4@%

MS'AB+R!5S@?

N[D?*



L*

Y]JL+K19XI?LX^Q2SFW682?

9


M:;]^2%R

MV8?D%'#J1Z@CJ*P]=UB.SOX6%_%%]ED3S8#*JF57X;CJ=H(85LV-E'8VH@B+
M$99BQQDDG)/  ZGL


1KV ( /'
M;).*;/HWVBTC@EU&\8QNCB0E-Q*G*Y^7'7GIDXYS0!#_ &Y
A?S;-5$-TMM


'3/X5HZ5-/<:9;372HLLD:L
8HCVX8XQSD'L2.,=?I0!G6_B9)0\[V<Z60A:9;CR
MY,8'/.5 Y'3!-1-=RVVLSWUU:LA33VD\N.4R9 8=B!@^N/S-:,&BV\-O+:^;
M.]FZLHMW8;$!SD# SCGH2<=JKW&BE(I)8KB[GN?(:!TP4A3[@#D=B?3\: (



MW#]WNQV^[U_.FV.C[[:2WFCN(;9_F

MPOOCN
J'4X(Z!=O0D=.: +&GW37MG'.\$D#-G






MDG6XN4F:8*2N,MG()QDCGN?;IQ4ZZ9;!KPL&=;O_6(QRN
$ =L]Z *^E:K

M.Y ]ZEL;+[%&(_M5Q.JC9@=H]. 



M$


&-H[JYCD6
M

 KJ!@9R#@@=QCWS0 U

O(VC:ISEB0  ?J0*J

'!P1W!![$'F@
M#&U75;M-

M3%ESZC@?R%02Z''/:7$


PP)&TKRE1C

GZX 'Z4 24444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
E8K$[*5

M7%O;B/6S%.T@@EDV0E C1G9VDCYE;.3SQ@4 :DTT=O\
MTSJD: LS


MV+ J-ISA@2



MW-W*L4*#+





M '6T5S5QJ.H(U])]K0+:W<$:HB#:ROL


M@VW[M2J?NE^53U XX')_.GI96L=J;6.VA6W((





MYHSR4D4



M&
1N@91CIP::-/LA


9XJY10!7GL+.Y*&XM()=BE5WQAMH(P0
]!B
ML^[T*.ZO6F=;*2-@%VSV:R
@ QA&R
#OR#UK8HH K+8VHDCE





MWEDE@MH8I)/ONB!2WU(ZU/10!5GTVPN-WGV5M+O8

M

1[FD6SM5NFNEM

-
$&\CT)Z]A^53T4 9MUHUK+#
MO;VL$DQ!D;R%(DYSAAQN!/7FH[;0
M;)(BMS:6
NX@E([54CR


MVK%B;:$[RI;*#DK]TGZ=O2IZ* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **JQWT,NH2V2%C+$BNW'&2!S^!J/4-3CL%=Y()Y(HQNEDC4$1C


K\LZ1
BN3ER0HDY_*@

MNZQCN)87RX0X7'\9 7J??% &G15&_OFM7*JJ$^67&YL9.0
?K3?[1995\U8H


M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ J


MVI3G!QUI:* 



SSV9A926+;6;I]WKBKM&!G..E &'?6XLY;.*.X^1YX\Q




MY(QP1R*A%NB7MW)
TAFD )2
\OE2-N.X Q^6?6MJC:
YP




M*
7&K@[E/ VD8QQ@_6HKD!5A\I28<*;IE&=H!##]<


O'3V]^_I5W QC'%+0
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110

4LK626B)/
.#SC.3GTH U;FYBM8O,F+8)P J%V)]  3^%9LVK+;:HWG3YM/LW
MFJJ1

M39LV@WO
P8L22
_+T[9_2@_/J]C;S)%),0SA2$9E 8X7) PN3P
XS6;/?W


MO3T--FTS5'34@J69-U/'(A
S# 4*.1LXSL'KU]N0#=N/

N0#
MC@X[UF:-K

I0X4L0N['

M:A4



GCK@5G:MI=[=+J:6QM]MY D8




69U2- 69F.  .]55U6S:)Y-[@(P4JT3A\GH I&XY[8'-/
MU*U:]L);='.P&UB

7-!&C 9R&4MT]OFZ^W2@S=W<-G&KSL1N.U
M0JEF8XS@*

MYDGM;FS\II8&;]W*Q575A@\@'!]\&LRVTC4H)K
EK21(;R6X;YF4A7W# X.3

LQ8
M1.L9

M2?%J9X/-C:/S&V





UNT\;S


1

M$=06 P#[9J&XU^SAM?/43R#SU@9! X968CJI&1P
V\4E




M]![G@]LK2()+NVL+VQFMY1%%-!)EC@;F!R
9R1M'''7K4NG:1J%K+8+
UJ\=
MO9O;
Z

@5
MT2J%4*HP 
 4 +1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444UE#*5.
F.<@ WJ*P4\1M(TC1Z=<20!':.14<!MHSR6
M4*


M* -*BN:O+J6\U'2+F.#;#]J=86


J3E@0
'TQG\

M=XV$ALJ%XZ=








M.?NG&* .IHKE[+76L](TZWALYKN5+*&201H['!7C&U2



M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !36!92 Q4


6S_ $FY=DN'
MN58E00S [APHX.X^_H:U:* 

M\FU5+JX2:U0I'.I7?M.
@C;M(X';M6E10!1N=
CN3'YLTS(CJ^PD$
5.1U&1
?TI!H$(





M VIN9LE-AFPN_'_?./TI(K

7

M2: )Z*JF]C&IK88;S6A


01NOFK^Z.W<<GIP
?G5XW]N85FC=IHV) :%&D''7[H- %FBL
MQ=:A

XQDD]


M




MMO)!);QM%*=S+C@GU]C2K96R_9]L*@6PVQ =$&





O!-6J BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@

M.

HY(.
$[OSY]Z .H




;AN_A'7*G&?2J=W;21WE]-;V%T'&IQ2QLEK)
M]T#YR
#IUSCK0!WM%84-H8O$IN%A
HFW%I)(2&AP

M
$5A)


^V!ZT =$ET7NA#]GE 
8D


[9FSD#I][I]


M#..
&L&6RF^R:/\ ;+&:;9?.^TV[2&. DX#8!P/N\?IQ0!TNH:S'IVF1W\MK
6 A=^TG 8?-M(^AJ/QHLD


MXFJK*\J0LV8025P0
M.0!V'3TH [BBN!O1IS^*FAO;N%9%O5E#SQ
7*XP(AE=NS/?/X=ZTM


M** *EKIMK9W

MTI63+-N9/.?RR?4IG:?RJ[110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
@_1110 45F37A*@-($*W03@XRH;O4UC=/<SWRMM


M /HKFOM%R=/M




=3CB2[DFC
+LP95'(*@=%'J:HWNH2P+
SF?=YLJ0
M
I 12L;



M'!(SR:T** 


M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B





M\'W&#P* -*N7\13W5Q9ZY;2QQBV@M@R

O]%AOO
MM6^XN(Q=1K'((RN


2=N[R8R?R 'Y@*_N_L<*
$\R2218XTSC+$^O8=_P

C Y!!
M]:A.E1-:7










_G0!
2,X[G&<T 0OJFIK?WD5M8V\T4%O'*L?GE&.[=T^0C/R

M@

M+


I\

T@!._;@J #G[



[7+N:[MEQ %B@O(4:19





MJ85\ ]

M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4A 8$

L&$8:QMB(E*Q@Q+\@/4#C@5(]E:R31S26T+



]3W=^UM
M9B22)HY20-NTN!E@.H^M %^BJ,FH%8))EA)$* Y*$DX X([DU+<7)AN;6((



G$:GI]3[#_/6@S14
M$%PLN4)S+]^

1
W ..HH N453BNW:\
++\HC+YV%
M3UQTJ%=39O


M#$'.3^GZ4 :-%5;NZ

,_\
MUZ +M%9MKJ4DWG,UL^Q&8<%,J!QS\WL3GI4VGW4MQ;QM/T;





MO(7/R!Y)PQD9*AIV2#TPOKWXJ]8%0]\(559#*&$94J5^10


MX.
$



]


M$;S06N69P


KGS%S@#-.M]@EO+EI
M)(E2X5B[H5)41KD$$#CK6M@>E% &?IDBQ:5'(QW1G=

-I]0@5)7(A9I&( PORD =.OS?D/I3=,C?[.7$LAVS3?)P W[QNO&:T
M  !@ #Z4  # &* ,.'3_ #/MD31(8;$<N0O8G S5S3DBG$TFV)AN
84Q!

MU#:J@:1-GR+CEN!_.M&DH P68!KN6 23S?:/E52P+CRU!SCL#_+'6K

V/QJT  
 8%+0 BDE02
$CIZ4M%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4UPQ1@A ;'!(R ?I3J:Y8(

6.X<<]
58TS5&&E+-J$A


M6GD



M  7& 1P





)(&48*Q'4!L8)'.0#27&
MIVEM=+;22DW#+O$4:

YZ
M=JLSVET^OVMXBP_9XH7C;
A#Y8@\#;CC:._?VY 'KJEFL4LPNC*@F
7RJ6._


MLK! #]\GH!D8'L :1UJU
UG'&)I!=YV



ML*(V+[\9V[





M

M^3$73]T^&Z[3TY4X^\.
=Z2VU&*VB#7=[-*)
.#);%#$#Q\V%&T9!P6 _&J3
_%U<V6G7/F1)&Z3#
M?Y17/*DKR#GI@=* -.#4[2YN7MX)3+)&Q1RB

M+=16K3JYA9D& 3C.




6

Z;5KF+4;NVFU33




M(C)/&8\R.5 !&
\ T 

M+Y$2R-(T;!
'/?&.WX]NAK/NM


MGG5K-9(T:1U


M#H?N=*V[&.6&Q@BG1$ML8D9 QP2!_*@Q1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444



YW)($8#D




?=XY./4U7GGN-
U#6+N




M


8X!L):([6*EOF^;[O(&


AE.0:R;2\U


CD25=T;JZ
MY(RIR
BN=74-5NK;1[D7%K$M]*N8Q QV@QLV=_/3VINB7$MDEK;QI+6:^N
M80BJ05PTC @YP!\N


M:1'21 Z

MKR#3M-M@D#K)IQEB!RI!0*






1J I((:

@9G.[&T95@JL1SQQN_'O4=M?W]U?Z5^]A1
M)H)7E01DABK*#CYN.O'7'OV .@HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH


M10!2ETJTEBC1UE)CSMD$SB09Z_.#N_6E72[-+R*Z2-EEA3RTVR


Z?





M!0DT:QE-R9(F?[409=TKD$CH1S\I'8C&*&T:R9$4QR?)()0WGON+@8!9LY8X

=
''2HH]!T^+R
M=B3#R93


W0MN39*R 'W (S^/OZU9HH ISZ;;S7J7I#_:HU


9:5V*[N

U?HH 9%&L42QJ6*J
 NQ8_B3R?QI]%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1


M
EM(1Y:L@)'SLW11[]/SJW!.LT9;A67AUS]P]Q0!-15&[U.&WGLX@\;?:)3&
M3Y@&T;&;/_CN/QJQ]HB*2

/&!
M+ER.^5P

8B=K
M#;A&;(XY^[^M6?/7R3+MDVCMY;;NN.F

M8]

MO[58O;V*SAWR/&&.




M8WDC!D?:P9PHVDY_3'XT[[='^Z(1R)7V*1C!//O[&@U156[N9(-JQP%V=M
MJDL%7..YY/Z4Q]059(8U4

MV;RVCE


DACN@NGW?VC3?)9G9IO
6)@1@!SD\@MD$G&T=*;KUU#/9


_2IDC2-=J*%'H!1'%'$H6-%

Y8S6=O(6ZEXE.?TJP$4-D* 0
9QV]* 
H63I+%!%.T4RP
?
4






M@S0!1TE?])N&=@S *%)0*0#G(X^GZ5):6I2[O!'*R
SJSL 


D2*1W@4Y(T12J* 22

M4K:VW2P&.(.4D1CN.0!Y+?7 R16VL$2HZ+&JJY)8 8R3UJ*73[.8@RVD#D *

G*

1^6$41XQMQQCZ4 4M265GM\2*L7
MFID ?

1S&2H


M



M: 
 P
MPO7CG'Y5K&*,E#L7,?*<?=XQQ^%#QI(A1U!4\X_6@#&N6:.ZAAGF$EN&4W$S
M+@!E)* XXR?ES]/<5M@@C(.13?+C\LQ[%V$8*XXQ]*555%HH50
  8 H =1





MFV^L17-Q:QP1.T=PKGS#@;2AP5(ZYS6E0 453MKTW%_=VIA:/[-L^8L#OW G

MC!40%F8] !3E8

L;2F-2VQ2 6QVYXHM)_M-I#/MV^


9DE8*B]2:?0 4444 %%1K+&TSQ*P

1K?5?M8F<B-H[@1Y9F R-@&&SGM3(+6WMM;BN%TR
M3[+)

MM_W6R0


Z
M?)%:74=P;FY61VM9 0C;RF25X7+(?3KZ&NQHH YWPU8B%Q/(;Y+HQ!+B.:)4

M#=65K8Q3Y$4^)1&S .^

*N]



M_2DMK6*U7;%O)/5I)&=C]68D]SWH I:0MO86T-I&]TRR





MKKZ* 


MJC^%ACKU/&
UUEI:Q65K';6X98HAM0
Y; ]

MK


MHI_*:3:P/1
?=;CKQU&



\#\:[6B@#BY-.B31+MX8]4
M

_
%5-G7GIV-344 %%%%


.O3
M&1R#V(SGM6*= G&BW%I%9:7#=20F#SX@4W@X^8X7(Z9QSD]ZFGTO4KB^N+DB

]1@''H :$6LV

MG!QFD77-.9(6%Q@SLRQH48.Q7(8;2
Y!&.E1W5K?W7V*=DMDGMI_
\L2L5*[


[
A53Q\V#C!QZ#I


=^E++KFG1#FY#'RA/M

U@C
M,JQR-<1E@ QQG(9<8Y_^M51=#?\ M)[J:RTZX\\(SF4;FA=5_*2OS#@?W:O
M:Q;WEPML+..!O+F65O-E*?=(( PIZ\_3WH 98:B'MY[B;4+*Y@C8+YMLA4!N
MX^\V3RN

O8[F

1CN/Y]*NUFV]I=VM_?
MS((9([F1'4

M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***XV35I)]2:ZGACGM8]3%@L+ YC(QB

US% $


MSC.?K4KLJ(68@*!DDUSUQ
4\1OJ6?]&M0EI(PZ#=DL?P)C^G/I6AXA7?I878
MDFZYMQM?[K?ODX/!X_@8:G 8K23$@^U

H%P69S@G
M(Z#KVX!H UFU2R6:*%IU$DIVHN#EC4LUW!!+''-($:0
5ST.T9//3IS^!KD'
MO98M4ED6]6(2RI'+-B





M0URFESW']L6@

;2?F'Z
*UZ
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H







?]HK?*\B2;
M-CJI^60=MP[XYQ5JBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH




M-PP!]#CO4U !113))8X5#2R*BDA06.!DG 'XF@!]%%% !1110 4444 %%%(2
M!U(';F@!:*** BH9[NVMFC6XN(HFD.U [A2Q]!GJ:BN=3T^SE\JZOK:3&=




H!P3@#G/IBIUUJZ;Q!:Q179FMI
MKF:W=3$JJ-HS\O\ %QTR3SSP*W%T;2T*E--LU*-N4B!1M/J..O _*IA868D\



 KMSDLHP.
=N

(-221?.D^U;M(^V;@'[P$]




86-0/E;D[BQ/MC%;7]CZ9D'^SK3



D$
^US(@=-RQ$


M
L(H)(([&V2&3[\:Q*%;ZC&#0!ST^H:PE]I%M-


*
E0PW8(([?3GI75R:;82^7YEE;/Y:[4


M[*UN98Y;BVAEDB.4:2

4/L3THCM+:*:6:.WB267_6.J 

M47W
[:2TBE@%&2V0.


5*XA1T# _W



M.

\A;?;R1* Q4Y_ $UCW$8-MJ\;-/)
2P78&^;
:X'R^Y/'

Q1@T;9VA&/'XA?SJ_'*)P
MN-O=E(S]




G3U[4 2)J\K%@T(RRQ1[6?YCOV\X&?[WK4W]HYO)H


%U;




M

;?KCYOKQ0!H7$X@16*LVY@HXSD_6H$NIT21IK67 )*A=O_]]=:CEN8K


MC Y/%.-ZP
'[K_72^6


MUJ


3.-W3@$\T^UE
M


=:SM6


M.)5 ,IB4#.-BR$9_P^5H DFO;@RK!$%B=XV=7:)W Q@=/E/\5:$;;XU;GD
M9Y!!_(]*YXV[&SN T8=1%



M3CH*O;I/[9V^;/Y?V?/E^6/*SNZ[NN[V]* +M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 )2T4
M4 (002 2.GM2T44 )00#U%+10 E! (P1Q2T4 )@9SCF@@,& (/4&EHH 3'


@X&1WI:** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****


M!_ T 7**S==NIK+3OM$$BQE9HE8LN?E9PI^G7K4JZI:/%+(LC_NGV.OE-OW8


V.O:@]16?_;5CL1O

9
M4\CKBI)-3M8C(&

T 7**SGUW34'_ !]!R(_-*QHS

M91 VU20KGHI(&!SQSWXJ.+7+21YU99T
4WD@&!\NV
\#'/?IV&3Q0!IT4V-U

M7 W 
C)N7^\

MZC:?VG.9;)H;'YO+

M&4$+CDDY.*G.K6?V;SA(_+&
((7+[O39C=GOTZ4 7J*Q-)U@#1XI]0G
LKRR


@.!G!.: -FBL_^VK'=*JR2,T2,YQ/\P4X

OWA@8(Z].F#TQ0!M45GG6M/$
M\D/VC+Q*&EVHQ$8()!8@87@'K35UG3T2)/MAF=X?.7%G=/[VU1_(4 :5%9]
MQK6GVT3R3DQO'YH:.-G^3^\=H.![FKD$J3PI+'NV.


/E


6M;%P\CR)=%/WR[B3@\=LD9W=.U;M% &)86$]G%9

3R1RB2V+D6I!R!&?FX/IN) ]






MV5A=F[M;B^

5/10


MDOMZVGERRQ2Q!R7#;


E^



MR[RRNSJ+75HT+++!Y$B2L1MP20RX!S]XY'';FLT:#J$=@UNLML[R:;]B9B64

=
M\\5K+2M4M1I^4LV^R6;VY_?L-S'&#]SI\H_


M=% %'2[







M%*7^^Q8@Y4=
CHH PFTJ[FBNEGAMV+W1GBV7#HR_+@?
%!4
M^XSU(K6LHI8;.&*XE
LJ* SG^(U/10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%
D4O&RJ[1E@0'7&5]QD$?F* .?O=8BAU^W(OXPBR_99+;S1D[



]M)YH;Y/G.

M+CH2.

M'UJU_848T^:P6\NUM9$






J$ME]Q& /KZ59AUV62(J]A


M7#)Y(N[G[1




MOLLK2IN\ODMG(/R=.6_[Z/MC4B1D4AI7D)8G+ 9&3TX X% #Z*** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
[NUM!&74D.Q'';EB?R4
MU8K.U;.^SVQF0^:V$4@$_NWZ$T /&H'S(Q) 8UV!IF8_ZHGH#^N?3CUJ2]N_


MA


/&N3@EI68G ]%(/X4 ;-K.
M9U??Y.]6QB*3?@=L\#FFS7@AO[:UVY



;L_=8



6&
YZ$C^E.O+
M@PVY

CUR: -6F2/Y:

MK-D#QVLDH9X[BXN$^4
05#
JC(]=H%:DB*WS
S  =G*C]* *\%\\[R*EK(/+
MD\MRS*

M=6;L!]:QM(

MN K&0

M+N7;S]

MV =N?QJF=7G'_+F
_/M!=LMM./[OX_2I; W1B9YI5*


(8Y-@PQ(;@'/('KC\*

M;R5R/-Q@X^M %S[:#IJ7BQDEXPZ1]R2.!^M1'58]D;JA*')D;!PB@')Z=CQV


M:5L
OD+&LGF[N#GG&/I@_B*J:A*L6OV3/-'$/LLXW/T^]%QUJ&-3%H
061 L






MKM\//;PLA

M%5(5N#SC _6LJ\\R*VCA
IECD7;

T6X!6(^88R.S#V/8T

M@.




M#*







M48'

 HOMD&Y%WG,C;5
M^4\GGCI[&EO+E+.SFNI03'C2-MZX R: '-!\0B:)&C&,(5! _HOL%G_SZ
M0?\ ?L?X5.C!T5QT8 BJ]S?16T3R
LC;.H'UQ0!/'&D48CC140=%48 _D
M
33+
&5@2&! X.#4/VR'[
M08=ZY;L[ACKC% %BF-!T11SGI4


M7%G#=Q[C%


MOYU*      .@%+10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !

^Q]J 




D2M+


MA1VH KSV?_$I6RAP4$80LQXV@=_KC'XUGP)%=&YCRJW%V2 AP4Q
HZ=.03




M_.HIH3+?PKYUU!


M =5*@CT.


9QT/4T .:

@&#YC \'Z GZ K5RP\^&U#3.LD A5D(7




DK/Q^)-2^
M4OG&7^
KM_#.: 




#(YUIBSA%O' %/EQLK*-QZ@Y'
MZU)-$D\31R9VL.Q(/X$=* ,2T9D\(Z:\;%76WAYW8^7EO\ QT&A5;SHPYVP




MD;@


N G4\GT^M;4,,
M4$2Q0QI'&HPJ(H 'T JYTS3[R7S;JQMIY
8W2Q*QQZ9(H I/J[QS+%! DT9

MM=*ODRP-N!C11O\ E*@


D?3K&387L[=C&
MJ$Q*=H!R ...0* ,O^WKD1SROIQ6)JQ
&=O
9FP!PG/')*[AR
9K0^WL=)^
MV-#)$Y3(B9&W;N@&
9//MGVJ*ST*RM!
#&LPF&'$D48W#T.U1N_X%DU;-C:-
(R*FSS/+4

MF;

E1N&?EX!'Y'\ZN?V


_ER;I3]TQ[P1\O7';VZ\





M *JG-C:&-HS:P;&0(R^6





A0B
$$Y;][C!( &2I]NU;%WJ 72(9)0JS72HBQ+(N69
NNHH YF7Q%

D-


MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
%QE9V/_
MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C
M8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V/_P  1 .Y E<# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH




M*$#R8


MGO0!HTE9\EVZ32C=)M2=(CRO5MN
#'0;A^55M&1%DB1&EW1PXDY&WABH!XZY
M!H V:6LB\GE&H(L]L&2
/)$/

89H4W2


M@6'ICC'TH NTM8

M
_RL%/4GCC /IUQ0!I45DS&$2P6RR7*V^QE\M%9
6!E$D?F^2^1*2=KN 1^1-/U&1AJ%C%
M%/$7$APA0LX_=MR?F'% &O25CVKR-!9R,T^YYL,QD)4CYNV?;THU%FDNYE;
M!(

J 9 R!QFL_8QBM8XF/8Q#%VR2#SQQDT
M =!1573F+V:
3G.2#DG//7GG\*M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444





*

M%0S:?)=)$9)!&\&&AP

]AS]:@%E=1W?VN-H2YX
M

MR1GIU]
#\*M44 9[6
K2/(9(RS/N&(@
8Z$DY)( '3'3M38-/GM+K=!*C12R






MAF1C^GXFGRV\KW3.K!%:

M;&8N\AEC+L^X;8@H'H3U).



M'MZ]*J)I]U%$BA(I/O[E



MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

NVQ


M++7$

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB





MBLWQ6_X1^^D226-XX'D1HW9&!DCD8-5+ I:H]W/!J-O'# 9':YNC*K#&3@


M



$*3R-
M^UPK!CP@!Y&W&1_B ;-%8^)'^SSS2:?-&B*KH[)(J$%@/F9D&

D9

MYIFMRWF@NCABHR 
8)&
@]3^- &U17.:9=2Z?H&^&))$CGN-SSW&P*HD?JQ!
3#'

MB7R6F6.0[6[G[FW:/7=GVJ[?7IM6@BCC$D]PY2)&;:0I8Y.#@8![&@W16(


M19IY7B'G
T: A2V064

DMMP5'?[

UZ+F.)4
MBG

C)*P;)!/(P.N.1G''?)H

M

?49''K3!K=U^H&YMXV6*Y$$Q








M3R3O-NC18TD*(ROG?CJ2
#'.1WZ58H **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH

\X(-(-C6YAG2\NE:*9I@ 4(+,,'.5Z8)_/V&-1F*X
MPI;)QQCCWYI0P;.#@X.* 





M%ZC7-Q




MV[9%XCW.

C((Z$]15JB@#+?1(F


JD 


M5O\ 18;[[5ON+B


(*[ Q.2PR

M317MU'(L)B9E\O



MRZWS

M#SCBEH Q9/#D

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#)U^



-K#-;JMQ
MA0WS= 
9'*\'.=PSVJ:[E\JXU2XL)Y#(Y@8

*\NI%N[Z:*^\V5#;I.5W1Y(79Z;<'<





1



MNQS6K10!R(NF6\TZ&74Y1:R74J1$SX




MR

')%=)4-U!]IM98#(\8

M@?C65:ZDA:SE.JM*7U*6W)
_#1?/MX'']P@X[C'6NPHH XJ%C;:;%MX]KU




7+)]NMMD)VR-YJX0YQ@G
WK6/+IEYJ$&&M19NEA+:D%U(D9@
MN

MR1N


\EO]@\'^\/
A.FL5NG+0J3'
QU:Y


M#BLK5-*N+NZNXHR4MKJ%69P0LJ9VGUY^7_OCWJ*YM+R9=(GDL]RESY]P59



GER2Q








/927*@$^A';- %FRU6&33+&



M3-%=?:F


+G=C#
M [ESC'0GO52^TR;RH([#3WC%G#F+
BL).1^Y8ELX[GMQUXY -M[^SC6%GNX%
F76GZJOFVY*+8Q0-
M<@KAW4DGONZ$#)'\/TKHZ ,?5==AM(KZ.UD@EO;2'SC[XXY)Z<YP
X]QTS6

-X(Y(_O _3
M/?@U[S3KZ[GN?*LI8(V@M@N950
8W+
F5;(X.



_AGH:H:9J+R;KRY2]$\D\L$5N)%*RX9L

M0

EM#/





F@#2HK+DUVW2255@N9%
MA9!(ZIA5#]&R2

E &I166-;A\R=7MKB,6RAYW<*%B!4GGG
MGICY<U!#XITR6&XD\S8(-N<NA!W'D$
1U]2
=\4 ;=%8T'B6QN?)6!)I))I





M_'%..N1*0KVMRCBXCMY%(3
;/C;G#8(^8=
]: +]M;6]I%Y5K!'!'G.R- HS
M]!4U91UBWD8I)#=(R7@ML8_CX()*G&W!'4\]
5$NO.LLPFTZY6)+D6XD#1[0



FG6\[6R00K


L+





C&]10!B66B7-@ELU

*J'.3MW=3GUQP.*V:*


M=Q(ERT




8_CYX'M6NXE
!5'19
SGCUQ[=JKZE;
M7$VHJ)G);RE3(LI7CD/)/W' QR.')'''?.^]U!'=1VSR*)Y02B=R!U-34 8Z



0 !DD]JJVVJ:?=R^5;7]K/)C.V.96./H#0!6GTZ]N)[&9[



AM%NO[&ETM;]/L
MYB\F(M!EE3&


9/TK(&G226']G
QB-O
LL

MK[E'7J

M76.Z4VK.T@B
7S*S') ;/3)/&
\]:T:CFFCMX7FF=4C0%F9C@ #O0!)5#5;*
MYO5@%O


45.@.



IMSVZG/Z5=HHH



U

M?9/:K:O9V[6Z_=B


M&4^A[5^D:9(7



?WA@9RQ!':M^.-(HUCC4*B

M


M*D=

8S3_LMOE#Y$68V+)\@^4GJ1Z'F


 QC]W&





ME:S LI 8J2




M6]0


MY0

MO9F20PX99B2X/+#H
M-HSC!R:V5TK3EMVMUL+40.=S1B%=I/J1C%2265I
(Q+:PN(ON!HP=GT]* .;
M-Y?264$6G74BD6

H![J#AN
MF

.16W_96G&02&PM=X! ;R



M)&3QSD4Y+S2!($M(%A1MZ1B

3SB.HBW#?^F?PJ];6[I+)-/(DDS@+N


I((O-
MF2)I2
B


MN

\2EF5ER5.
 
/IW%:6D2S20SI/
T[0SO&


MW'U..IH YK6_
$_B /=RF


@'%:%16
M]M!:Q*VACAC'(2-0H'XI: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

=!^. #KZ*Y2[LDO;]-Z7]O:&
M
6OD6P_=D9R
:YO3[?;-I<7]FS'R/.@E9H<*JGH
MC*_3(I



1[-C/\ 44 =
M%J-W]@T^XN_*:401F0HI ) &3UJ6&3S8(Y

M1%FR1&0(^&W#@?*QRO)ZCBJ^H12S-;

M.] '51RQRF01L&










16%T0^GH8Q]EDYG^;!Z??&4YZC

MX(_

M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
!GUIDMZT-U&XO('\[]WM ^4$!FS][VQ^5 &Q15::66R21?*D

M*1DYZ=.1_G%06M[/]OD5XR5FG5%!?[G[H


\#C@_E0!I45CWEVT5W
)O/:!
M98441



MV23YLGEI@JJD'&=PZDC\
U8LKB:ZFG'FX\AO+=#$!\Q56!SN/9A0!H45C33W
M
VI+#'-O6V&]S&F 6.0 ?F&0

MGZ4 ;5%8IG=IBTC2
@:
Q'S)$!9C@9VKR

M ^GXXH T:*YZ&]NWAA+2R_-%;

M: -6BLR&XEBDB
A5OM=PRX+Y*84G:!Z@)R/7-2Y9;N0;RF3@I,=H&.ZGOD$
M?]\GOF@_16;I=P6BVO+&2TLH 



M&?I4




EO;RO'(98Y)C)YA/0KG'M\_X4 :5%8']I2O+=*L\()N(E7RYMY /E@[
M01C')_&IM*O)KB_G!F


M0?6@#4HK-L+Q[IUS=VQ^9U\M5^9@I*Y^\?3/2J\]Y-(LKIE7
4L:*I/4/M!Q
T!L9P7Z<

M9P
8^IH VJ*IV
TD]J+GS ZR@
BLNS:/UJ!_M!N&M_
^5V$W$I&U01\H.
\G
M]10!IT5'YD3+;-P)!V-N Y]:DH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH







64]\^AYIFE6TD
MFH-+&T:SW&Y 2
X\M%S\O3E36E10!GT/V^=Q'MB$,:H%\D%B0
].HI-)MW
MMM
9+B$@M-*_ED G#2
P'''0BM*B@#/;3Q/(9W1(I NV(;0=G(.3ZDX&?:GQ



K
?S^[


%O+*=.N

M.:IS:?*]GJ:B





G\ZS);!'

MX

:P%$^5$&,8_#I69#:WZ7!&86
B1IA6Z!



4V-Y7RU\




M.PS^57-
DDDC8-)'+&I(619-YSD\'@=.!FHI+:XE
C1CR[F1@?./2
#H /XN


MY'TZ8[]: (-7EDAMXV4A1YT?S;RO\8XZ=


MDC8YR-Z;AGZ53T^S5;B2::SBAF0[$

MDC .0





LJH \A&-QQR:
M;?\ F&RF$


MU=


M='R3@H

M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%9]M-)-;I(]XBLPR1M'% &A15*V





MDCGLXHPR-
[?W2' 0]


9'2@!:**SKRZFBOHHT5@K12''RX8@




ACD89:0








TOG*?

D:Y8^JX&?E(
M&
?CUYK3HH S(8I$T_2XV0AT\L

=



DRR'?;C!B89+]
M\J?7'&#[^U6J* *+L3J4

MZ8*+@!C@]..QYK8HH Q);2X$5]'':QKOMV0%.!(3G!QZ]*T9GN8U@:*(2 LJ



MN\KG!*CY0.#T';CZFMB@#+OX'N9W+Q2!8GA;;@LX;:20/3C'K6=:&'^U(0


M\J2%H\$]=N\#@]?SK2HH Y^2VD@++.DO2$*T2.X(1RQ^Z/?'2K6GRK-97#R6


H)4G.T^E/HHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!K$JI





MA-I-I


M%8\#K[[B!]*;?87UM-$I".17;&2,E

)\QA!)
M.UAZ9).1TZ= #0!K55FO!#(ZMY8V 


  G^(^E #;&YNGE42S1-NEF0H3@X



M S3)!Y^7@CK@C\JS?[4G((

MVT2@A5 Z''1CDG]

R*[LH8+M&






F K*-A'/(QR?6H+B$QZ
Q
$

MN*L7

'FS%6W&


D\*N?E.

]P35JWFF:::)P&*?





O ^3B1N^.

9+':5!8#D$=1]*JSI-#:[85N%G!0949)7(SD@8Z9




CB6

?+N.W]

M SD_6H&ADTP0O:Q//J*6-3E\#HXSU/)SZ_ABGW





MB&9Y8X_-BVE&RX!QD^F?I6@;@_-M@E8JN1\N





MQQQT& .*L4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %







9*\J#_$.QQ2V5XT[E'*




U7IY9$M9F+PQ
M. =A9LJ#C(ST_P#U4 6:*RKW49(Y[.*


M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH :S!%+'.!Z D_I6+)!
M
VFWD863?(9BJ;7YW

J$4



MVR?=W.?





M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB




M C()&

E@Q;C.
KU( &?QI]]I=Y=WF


M.?R'3/ !MW]Y'86
UW*&:.)Y*22!]*RUUQ8]2F-S(R6GV6.=5
#!DRS!BP



MM[*T9Y8HV^VP%?


[0#M&
'[HQR



A8JIV-M9AG(#8P2
'





%R&*C)D##$#L



R1HJ
791UPH&?PQFI-
M1BNY8XULW5?W@






1A:&8EHG! &02N0?E!^

&'T (S[T :YUW3Q%/(TDRK;HL
MDFZWD!56Z'!7)'!^F*CCU%XM5U!;J9?LL



MTUNL


#K0!9EUZS2*.1!/('F\DJL$FY&QD@KMR#CG&.:FCU*S\NYF6[
J12
M^6P5=VQL#Y% &2?;DY/X#-@T:^A:1P\)+7JW2AY&;C8%(+$?7'].P=)U!IKF


5?,G+8(V Y8@<#:3G'3L,4 ;XUS3CL'V
MG:[N8UC9&60L.2-A&[/([=QZU#<:FTEQICV4RFWGN&AE5HR&R$8XYY4@KR

K$




GOWJ;3;
M1;2W*K:6MH6.6CMA\N?7.!G\JSY=)O/M#SQ/!NCN_M
*LQP^4VD-QQU/(S0!

\+U
MP*O4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1


M-ZD
C01)


M#O+R'2]+ME


MN2!@


4 ;-
M
DECA 

M$H+GE7*C)XZ_


O-!:QO;K/<25)&B8J(

_S1

CB@#I8Y$E4



M=H



[L%51DL3@










MSDMY8W*S8

'1E8JRL.X8$$

'


MG=



-V-TNR;,KX8=N,X'X8ICZ'82<
DV)]OF 7$@W8Z?Q5/?W\6GQ1R3+(5D
;YB3MYK*[_Z3+\Q7[I^]V_H/2K-M86]K<3S
MPJXDG(

MD)48VB5E5AZ

M:W


MC




MBE67.
BH[&[CO[1+F)75'S@.N#P2.1VZ58H S9=!T^92)(Y3DJQ;[1(&)7H2

MCC4(H] !@5)2!@PRI!YQQ2T %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!C^)[K['I0E%V;5O/B4
;<RR6$5_+

MK'_:*]LX-6:8(U\TR8^?&


M+WR(96M=4D&G^=;^7

MS6BM
W[XE7W?


@!SCOZ5<UR::WT_S(=P'F
MQB5EZK'N&\C\

5U
MT

]J@2YD


P(W*Z




MKJZ* .3EU.0W-ZVGW
TQ;3XI5V[I4#;F#


#!W'KTZT_

=S%J

D





M=SVUG.);?%PY\Z

-AQR
M

MG6%E'%J




MMS






M9SI

P/'L15]\[&P 3




ENWO2RV%Y+]KMFL\BX

C/(IO]J6
M;7DUDMU$+F*
.REAP#GW[8R?J/6L2;3;B30=9M%TLA[B9W@C)CP=V
-][ P1


/W:E





C#@'Y@0: .EMKJWNXO-M9XIX\XWQN&&?3(I;FXBM;=Y[B18XHQN9F




MT =/5#4KRYM&MEMK:*;SY/+_ 'DQCVG!(Z*V1P?TJ]65KT$MR+...TGG19Q)


M#6ZW$33J

MJ\JS03BX1Y6BNOM3&






MF*:T67[1&CHK(4(PV

MIM)HK
W







MJ\=O:-


M^'6)W
1ELEC0W#6TA$V[:X)&0

0M?VJQM%9F=YD8,, C*KP#Z'H/QJ.ZUZ:QBF-U88=8#<1K',&WH-V20
$9

NEM'/8QV<=P@5\.X8

MA




M8SF69(?OA0NX@ D_CV!JG+KTL5Y]F%A)

M69'JDDK-




@'GGCC'!Y% &S16'_;\LR;K6P9_]





M8L3RAYKBXF7[.;=HY-I5U/7/RYS]*CET&:UE@EN[J3?$81(Q0LD9QE0=O?
M Y.3[UKT4 9#Z!#+++)/=7
IEB2

MOOCN
J'4X(Z!=O0D=.:MSW4%O)#'-*J/
VR-3U8^U34 4].TZ+3DF6*25_.E

B'0(8(H







MTC:8GV][N*XGA:4 3(C#;+@8!.02#CC((-7J* *$6EQQ2R[)IA;RLS/;?+Y9



M0WS' PI/YXZ4 9'_  CL#B-9[NZFC2V:UV.4 :


MR]S=3TR

&CE9E#QD= !D





FOIGG2


MUZ\U::YO$N-
 NRT5Y-)N!1=VTHS)@@8XP.Q/O6N]M!(9#)#&QD3RW+*#N7G



S9
MIUHOEMO3$C:W'(XX/ _(5-%:6T$TDT-O%'++]]T0!G^I[T 3TR5@D3L6!5



-K(@=))

M^EG=G3;
[EG]PO(&,#IT&!^0J7^S[+?$_V.WW0KMB;RER@]!QP/I0!AV5_J
M#-8M/=A_.O)K9U6-54A=^.I!R@[XY[]:BTNYO($L%^W-
L]_/%*LJJ6P#)C
M!&

5NIH^F1[-FG6B^6V]

BL8

T



426%G+$(I

$ ^N/6@#


ML ?E*X.3^5='5;[!9^9-)]D@WS@K*WEC

MC5BNU0J'GI@9_

:G-]KM)VO?.+07'E

9(]J .IHKD-/MH!_98GL;HY@E2X\RVD.[D8#Y'(X.




MAZ

M%@/J
\4 37]X;
V^(6D$TRQ$A@ F3U/_ -:K+EP!L56.1G+8P._:N9:SQ'-)


MW
FS)&/E+=1TJ*6P@NO#UTBZ;,NI&S*S;X6&^0#KD_*[9'!&3],T =6Q?H
VT;VMU)96

'CDT =?17
O:QR/J=M!!-!%(\4@_T1BCG

HR6'MCN/K6!I]MC^S8+ZTN66)[E'7R)/*V%FV@KR
8Z YXH



3;[@(YQ'<$;_XL]
9)SSCO1'8$

Y)Z&@:?
M$-&M;3^Q_P!X5E!9[=BJR8 R5'4G'#''3@\\@'6F5/-\H




M02IQC(RO(]SZUL;9#K






M7I6K0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %





C@XZ\9H UZ*Q[;Q'8W22F(L\D;JGEHR.6+?=P58CG![\8
MYQ3Y-7E%S9Q+IUR//D9'#[ 4P?[V#ZY&1C/4T :M%-8E5)EB!G:
9/YUDV


MN&EEP?


XP348\26GV$WDD4T
!



MC*R
R9QD!6..WWL8SSBI[S6_(@NC'9SM- 4!C;:


MX4_*2


=I ;

H% &E

M /8D=#0!:I
@CUK

MXCTY]3%B)07+


M' ]:K+XCL&U-+ /^]9S'D.APXSE2 VX=



M7=D8'0#)QU_$T ;5%4-*U:VU:&22V)_=OL=2RM@XSU4D'@]B:OT %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!0UFPEU*Q^
MS13I 3(CEFC+_=8




SLQ_B9B23^9-07EA+/=_:(;E8F\AX2&


?

22W
ML6;F*)



ML7:+=Q*R
WD_(RMC(V[LCE01R?QJ^LB

MVGVECN90.ISC ^M07FG7
]\]Q%=11JUNT 1H2Q&3G.=P].F*T(Y(Y5W1NKKD
%'A]A'*!<QHTDL4



ML179\H7&=QSP!Z=ZOT4 4=3M+B[6$6UQ%8Y!(3)$9,D=!PPQ2:O8S:A;110
MW0
DR2[FB+Y*D

VUTR6U
T*W0:SE9W\HQ_
I8DD!L]
D\8SS








Q'S<'\Z75]'
RF2PAA

FC6$TK2S6P=FD$I5G9E#@8R%)P#]!SW


+J.*7=




MVY



M






M9(&9FQ\V]






=Q!YR$^7SRPQD#O]*KQ

KP M@8R-O0\_Y%-:&3[+I^+A


MZ U6FA^SB8


XK.MU:=K+D+;(7<RNI

M8(M1*L7F)#^\!1V#C@@D8!SP3]:HB*YEU)H/



KD]2


MQFX


?K
M65=+
)[B==S12F4!0V S!411QZE6K0T]E-Q.JR;@BHNTN3M.#G@G(H EO;P6
MC6P*[O/F$77&
@G/Z5:K+OH#J-VD:$!;8
XD_NRD87\@23^%6;2_BN8VRP2:
M+B:(GF


MD]GIH

IN)EED\J%A]Y@[ACGW!^@/UJX7@'AZ18[E
&$IYK';\Y&.?0[CT]:






#)'?BIKJX%M;F387;@*@ZLQX KCN MNLZJ[$1-Y:*X)20!1P.
M =H_.M;4$'DF?+F5!^Z13CYR
#\?\^M %E)MT[Q
 K* PYZ@]_SR*AN-0B@N

SQ0ARZO@@DX[=C@\57OY$6]U%&F1
M\,0D\MRW2@#3AOXY)948J@67RT.[.\XYX^N1^%
FU2WAO%MVEBY1B3Y@R&!



7C&/?WH T%BC2
M$0J@6


MJV]6. 4!;^55+C4&BN4ABMWD+Q/)G!7E2HQT[[OTH O4UXHY&1I(U8H=REAG





M?6H+F]2W

+=2W.

MP O]X@8)I#!$8UC
2%%.0NT8'X4R:X$+D




QC4
MLR[6..2/0U!)=R)=K;BW+


M/4]S3/LT&''DIAVW

M@E#B@3 QC'%1BWA%O]G$2';MV8XQZ8]*IIJT3W'EA4)V*X(Y;&XC\L'/





_CC/XT^ZO(K56:4285=Q*QL
MPQ]0

EB44E\!CCKCIFJMOJ*RQ)YD4RS':'

M/%'(R
\:LR'*DC)4^H]*4HK
K%02O0^E

.&7NI[BH?MJ^?-%^[4Q





&


R&*:7PZ([I%C @'




M0QKY8VIA0-H]!Z43P0W


F*V@JJ6( !;DGUHVKQ\HX.1QWH @BNC

MUY4_YXJ;3I1]JN?





#'I





ZYMDN/
M[2@DF

MGU[GTJYM'H** 



MV4P3^/KZ5TE
2*.
*$15#X&
#T'Y4 4;7?)J%X?
7/E1+N3D _
3C\ZHM;
M^7X?OEBE9(U-P-@ .?G?J2

?)).5!


:*D8&T*HP */)BVJHC4*ARH X!H @








XD_NRD87\@2

CKD?U[BL0

'CKWQSTJP
E &PURJ1H[I*-P
MSM$98CZX!Q56WU:*:(N8IAG)0+$[%ESPW3OU_&F:E)

2;7SE2X



M% %G[:OGS1?NU

MN!%NVB[!DVOM^7R!W^N*9;+

.]'C=A


4 57U?9Y[?99)$1@J%&7




N$@\O=DS 84X)X/N* &'58?.6*
&5L-N

I7#(.H/3VY[
M=*N
N[[!#;R
L1#%MK$Y4+ZGW(H E74%!99(W$F6
:*I)D48Y'YBI+B]BMI(
M$DR/.8@$D * 


$?

9YQ[B




MHS0!L0S


3S@*.G% &C;7W4S(K!' *EOX@1D&IJI


X]?QH L-;PO
DS1(94^ZY'*_2I
5!-
5&8C$8U\
MLC!3''Y4JJJ*%4 *!@ =JBGNHH&42;QN8*
(3DGM37O8HU&[.\LBE.-PW-M!
M(]

M84CH139+V%;*6[1O-BB#$[#G;G(^N014DTR0QAY,A20O3.3@?J: '21I*H
M610P!S@\BG$ @@@$'J#5::]6%]ABD9SG:JX);'IS4DUPL*(S!CO95 '7)_SG






 GK

M1O!=$






;QY!;=N#$-N]=
MPYS0!4U9&5HYE
OWXX\!AMPS@'CU(.*IF
QRE079 ;8!F.X#]^WRAN^.!^5;
M#V5M))YDD2R




M'K)5LVL#0&!HE:


M5W




$C

03F101QUX)X
MK'UU1@\L%G=+9-=V[I MO(.5;,C&,#.


MXM3:?#+')(FG.;+[;$Z0/;G(' =@A&0#WX'0GO0!OV-]]KN+R$PM$;67RSN(


MC-K($))!W94



1C(;O\I [Y^M %^BN






@8*B-&1@JJ@*-Q'4#'/:K5II:0







MJBL7PI;+#HELSVS0W31A9S)$4=B

GJ:VJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH K7UA;ZA (;I7:

'PDC)R.G



6I6
MIGB25%#

MV7R_+N@XD)5&56*L1U .
$^W4]J'US3X[=)S

M[FVCND5)=^T-NPDC)GV.,CV/%2@8&!TJFNJ6C7#P*\A=(O-.(7P4QG(.,'\
M#4.KWLL?AZYOK%]CI94:2
] 
_=../6@#3HK/76+(0RN\Q'DA#)E&S\WD

M^:D$57?5+5!(6

MW;M9?;!

MEC18T5$ 55& !VIU9HUW3?*
CW'E 2+'B6-HSN89 PP!Y%6[6\@O%D
#$^6Y

MB8-$XV
3T]:=;V\=NFV
M,-[L[EV/U)))JFNMZ<\QC6XW$2^06
4#\?*6Q@'D=^3Q4D.JV4]TUM'
3(-

M$MJ;EV

M[!=M*L+
6B;:X9&4@XSW R/?H: +%17$*7$+1.9 K=3'(R-^:D$5CWVH:C;2



MP




M]J +E%4;_4XK&XM8'25GNG**4B9@N 3DX'M_7H#530]5\^VBBO)]]VTDR[A$
M55MKL
 ]


I48SO4'.[/X4 ;E%9\6HQQ64



JL







']H+)
M*RR;G7 C. 

MMC(L4LB\
HR%;J/J





M
,$1S5HVCSU/ .X<#Y3P:?KEG=7NF?9[7RFD
D;$RN4&%8-V!Z


 Y/7)R!TY

M?T^3J/



)$
K1AU
B
M@


MK#T[3=4M8M+CDCLR+)&1BL[?

M[JK.=J G!8X)P/7@$_A3Z 


R-&'4R*



MKSW_ #/J: *

JL#NX!( YSC-:UC)-+:K+.4)




\@#! ]?UX6TU2[MTL
M8[SRI4DL6N&E4$
2H7C!)[


X/;KZ#T% %$ZKJ$444CQVL@N;=YH@F



VM*

]:<@<QL(F59#M++N /;(R



L[?

'K[#CI^9I9].M;BY6YDC8



M3




MDCW.54 J2

=ZU#



Q
L\C0LQN(Q%(&D8JR




KV
ML+
U7XM(L889($@_<R J8F=F0 ]0%)PH^F*6TTFRLY_/
MAA/G;/+\QW9VVYSC+$G% %3Q+&K6=JVQ2Z7L!0L/NGS%']:AN=2U*V6YWFU(
MM)4


M1V\$=M;QP1+MCC4(H] !@5)0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444

\HB7:N0?
M4]A7.&XFN]4C5H[1$$3VJ@

M







CF5R6







4 =/12+C:
9QCOUKF;J[D-W

MK&VP,HP
??ZCC:3UR:[&@ HKDYKZ-=5+)?7$4;//%
\EQ]PA21B
C:H&
@
MD9P
G/)J/2KM+R33()-3E=[W3V

M:[#4)[:^N3+'996--1


M8@[6/RJ#\H)&.YZ@D '5T5Q@O]IM;:349(@=2:(I]J+%HBF1\Y^8X)'.?XA[






MKK;2O-'YD3+(69PP\I?XSU_.@#?I&8*



MD7[/



M5GN;NW2

\]N1S[T 6**A:ZMUE2)

WGGDE2)PLK1IEF@CY2<9(_P#KT :E
M0W





MVWS!*I7/IG.

M=JMPWL$\+E+B'S(U'F 

E4O&R+(T;$8#KC*^XR/S%5=*O\ ^T;/SFA:17:
M.2)CDHRG!!/Z_C2QZKITLC1Q7]J[H659E) '7(S0!/!((]@9F.22S=6)ZD
MTL\2SP20N6NI4E3@X/O4!U.P$1E-];
6T4T<




'KZ5K44 86IZ9Y&F




;@.A^;IC-=#J(EDTV80VZ2RE/
MEBE ()],X/Y_C5NB@#DI]-U!O-D?3Y+AWOH;E26B#*%;OXL _*1P?3D\FK

HTJ2%(;Z:9P&B 2-@X!X;T<<#^



M\.WK6O10!@:C8WDLNJ0+;^?'?QA8IMR@0$+C# G. ?F&


#WJULK2R5EM+6&W#')$487/Y4 8

MMS

M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ KN=5E-^!^_@LHYU@,\:(P9\@8;))Y(7@



MZ;:T*IRVTK27)79B= F23D8!']: ([:64WD$:AQ!]F).5P-V5QS]
U6N)6^W
0'H
M&&W 'KM &?QH ;I.%E91&BOY
;R


A
B26P'[D$$


M!_9UPC-&L%L\6&0;GP-I.1\NWJ!QUH U8-_E#S




GMQBJUQITERI3=Y



M( 8O+VD9Y)W _P!* 
VZFW2K'L$;QSP;AY87AG]03Z&K.I8E8-AY# =Z1QYP

?PJ$Z4(I(6MV)*ER6E8MAFYW =
Y


=R1^%9UN))95GBC=[=C+SM.YCE1N;(ZY






_6MUL66R68J

@V$1OG;A

M6^\
CIQ[THF
DMMD[/(TNYF5B 4[LXSTY4?C5RZMVDDBE1075P3D]@#_4U
M UC.ES]MAD0W+#8RN/D*9^Z.XQZ__6P &I
60F#' D!5LCO
MA14\UNTEW P $:!]V&(.3C'3\:;9V\L5S=22!0)NW#EC@#J<T 9D-Q</^]C



1$_=&3D^GWL8'IUH SM-O'E
ADE
MH9V.%0KO4OM# Y/'3CW%:-@TDMG)*7$LC&/=(?N9P#[@9_&D^PM+!-;2;4
M@D=BP7JRD_='I_GZU);6\R0-;3NKPJ J,ORL5]#V]LC]* ,B&Y3S+Z2+8LP=
ME21F+/MKD*2.1GG\:U-


MH5T^:6SOH9W$;W4C-F)B-HP #G@YXS^E &G6+K81(&CMD_?$AG8
1L3(SR.A


]W()#(D8  
0!99
M.S]./I^HXH 2S5HM


=ON6


MRF\@C4.(/LQ)RN!NRN.?IFH+B4C4Y(B\A#[5503@':6/\0'04 :U+61HH 9




1A& 7
MSG!W G/0]N] &G2UE:\[+':! 21<0@==J L?Y8_&M0$
H*D$$9!H 6BJ%V)

H'S



ML9)R.:=KX9])DAC_ -9

MV$+)/AA*0P7

9/G/WJ*[?&B

M (UB?:F?3M



M/0BKM !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %4Y;:5I+DKL
MQ.@3))R
2..5#;$9B5@=T9]/=?\ ]51KI\JJH,R;B&9
M8E4#/7 P3S[G\ZT:* 

M'[

4#YOF
MV!

\X?

5L^WR)9S(

M)Z$\\'!^IK6HH K7
#72^3)M\@_?'=_;V%
N;:?[2EQ9R(C\+*C@E77MTZ$=
H3IUQ#<M<V\R&68H)]XQE5/


=#U//%6


^A]5';OV




MN#



M

U43!?-+.YV\
M@;F+8!_']*@2QN!
6
L7E_:#-MVG=C'KG^E $=A*(9[2UCF61)(I9&.S!+!E



KW3.47/0


H+



M$I2)A&

XSD$YPT8X& /SQGO&?$3;)V

G^G3I2C2M.4*!8


MN(?

$N'9(4!B,=<#V%6Z ,36KFX2Z1$#?9H8Q-*J2F-
MW^8#@@9./3C.0,]CMU%+;P3/&\L,<C1G<C,H)4^H]*EH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@#G?%8LVFTL73V



KX7(
M^?/_ ([C'0G-=#5:.Q@BN&G7S-['.&E9E!]0I.!^ H HZ3JYN-*EO;UX$2)C

?!WE=K-\N OZ\



 9)7[W3CGI+:UBM4*QF0YZF21I&_-
MB34] '-#Q#
)$6:YTZ%CY.Z-G#%=Z\\A\'!YSW'IUI%\1W$ES91Q_9728#?(



MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
%QE9V/_
MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C
M8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V/_P  1 .W D<# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** FNR
H8J2
!AC(]^:=37#%&

7=N8)PT.X'@@

+]8RTC&**.-6DLY)%FV@G)
;
M*N
GH_0T :%QXDL+:]2TF8K*65'&Y
QLV

M9?
D4*P.



M?
!SWXS[BL^:X.KS2+N:0.&CCEM)C[0 #O5A'U!(+ D9^@H T3K]LL5Q
\


W&_&)?*V&2/[V




S0H6V
M @?GGM4%]I3WWDF::(O&0=_D_

MZT 8YU62SU2^FN4NV@6UBF
/RGR!EPQX..P/4GTS6G-JB0WB0-:W.QW6
3[0



M;73K:DK


G\2:(




@E






30SA+0 SRE0J
M(



GG/?I27

':.








M8IQ%+N$

M4&AR01PPB[5H+1B]HC1$F

(N.A
M&&7=SP3W% #-


M]!NK:(1)?Q




MEL]/GL[B7RKH?999&E\IH\LK



MDNP#(5W$\





MQ
9=LEKE1D8P06YZ Y!!XK1L
MK;[)9PV^]I/*4+N8\G% $]%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1



3%
2.5*%AD[5 /RG^'N/QCM]1OU%G))=&
M4-?2VC(44;U7S



M%V3#94 G*G'/OT-1PW4$\TT


\%ZQ
'D$G:A
G8[N
8/L!0!TU%9GBYN;33#-:R+
M&XEC4DINX9PIQ[\_I5ZGU;^TI+&RNXRUO$LI:Y=4+ABW4,Y48QQM/O0!T5
M%8-QJ%W%=S1M*T?F!A;L$62(E4)QQA@W!)SQQQ5--6UVL+:[
_VPSZ:URT;





LIC

M9Y;76+YHKQ+BY_LQ'B:38

MT;[CMP


[
I51WS@8S


22[#+%J:6PC6-0I1]G!ZGC=GKU]N



RR/Z ; 01@Y!8T ;


C@9S@


4HR0,#].U17FHWF=1GAF,;6$RHMMM4B92%/.1G))(&.



M&2%I/F(!('R[



T\H'SR

MBB@ IDL:31M'*BO&XPRL

62(E!V=-O3I[5;HH :B+&BHBA548@8 %1K:VZA L$0$;%TP@^5
WAM'M@(6D$\HB+ @!,]S5N@I<V$
HEDBB@CNGC
8G
08@'\B1[9J

MD'G(]S3+#1H+42;X;/

L@1OW*\J


&4(-Y'IGK3XH8H=WE1HF]BS;5 R3U)]ZS
MKC6A!=7$!L+R3[
BX+0M89FBPS DXQSQ]: 'SZ?97




2YD'^UQS^-6J* *QL+



$)E20Q1F2
%4;:
J#




7\Q=3D'=G&!@<8ZCK5JBB@ HHHH **** BBB@






M'MBM*XA2XA:)S(%;J8Y&1OS4@BGQHL:*B *JC  [4 9FO -'9J8II%^U(6\I







M[-(LOVE]DDT3!BAQT9ADCBE\2+'MT]Y%D=5NT!5









\P67Y8HFFW!E8
HZGDD'V8 U-#K7FRSQ'3KV.2-9&5@A)



6%5AN DLS01DV@2+G*D$Y_A/;M2)KD<ES'$EG=&.5G5)\($.W[
MQY;=@8/;G'&:KQ:'=H(-U_QBO7NSBV(R6W97[_'WV_3\:VF07'VTRJI61G8
MM'+:2IY88DDAB_EY]2HY_'- &Y87RW\ FCBD1&4

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHIDS^5\F


H(Z$9I: &22I$%+M@
P4?4]*=G]*R
M26


M#_NG/\J?!





MX!8XYK$2:$W-K$+:V/G7
D3J(N550Y!S_P  'YT]3_Q(M


\GI6&CO(IN@3NECME89


S+<NDV]/,CVOL&U2_!(!S_!_.IX
M[B2.6=28O,^U(A*I@LJ9)YZ\XS]* +L5W;3/LAN(I&QG.#Q4]4-*,QM(PZ
M1B+;\I#DD\]QC^M68+B&ZB,EO*LB9*[D.<$<&@!'NX$:-3(,R2&)0.<L 21^
M0-3UD7$&-0C\K?*T.9Y H;=MV#MC)7=^5/MII;IKHQ3R;#''L\Q-I0D$DXP


MJ1_N$G\*T-1AM_(69X\QP1L05E57@G@\=J +L4J2J61LA6*GM@@X-$LR0IO
MD;C&3Z5DQVD#R-FV#/&]72-1S@YR!G@4_5L_:(SP 6DE2
C'8[AG'I]:

_\ I*RVZEE&(JR$'H
M3R

;@001GIUIX8$X!!-
M9FG*LDER& VM'%D'G&5]ZJV*J]Q-/&F)&D2-O)&W]UCY7^A))_$^E &U'-'+
:RY8I%\+S^5*X9H&)8G.T './\
M^],G0&<+)AY/X/O(2  
!#D .1U[T ;:S1-!YRR*T6W=O!R

MEA&P!!VG/.

/#\^R1F.UB[NN

#N^
M1@6Z#W&.GTH T994BV;R1O8*


M2 !U)R0.GU(_.EFF2!-\APNX+TSR2 /U-9&LQJ95 0%AY(''W1Y@&.M1LRM$






C[IZTK27K:;*


M%)2T4 4[?2[.V=GAB*



M:6@MEDE

!D]N





Y9WD\X@
MMO/8#IQV_P :E:W0L[J-DKJ%

\I#KMV?+@#T'&?UJT
M
@YIBSQ
BNLB%7.%(/!/I0!#+9++I[6;R2

!@
MQV@?


/QGCUX&: &SV_G20N9'41MNVC&&.




M*




Y'%

M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4A.!D]*6B@# U%HY+A2GE23R.8]TP&U1

'N
/N$2KY &YL[CCCT'UXK0L4

%$@E08Y_A]/2G/I8:!U$Q65P





M=XS2:K;QQ2S[E8Y 4!5^7U*\_K^%3O8.;.WM4GVQ1!%?*9+JN/R)Q[U+-!+)
M=12K*BI&&PI3)W$8ZYZ=: 
C3HU%KH[^7&&9^7!^8_NWZ\5/=AY;^Z1QC$
?
MEX0M@;V)SCUVC\A5Z.R6
1A!$HC(*[8AD=OY9'XT26?FW4DC/^[DC6-DQU +






M$.43' /J?4U&]FWVY;F&=HLC$J  K(.WT/N.WX8 



3CDD
1^E
M-?2978EKB
@A@5
3;2&8$C&[ID?J?6KRP

M:/&T'=O+ !21@D'S
$^W\JZ*S7R[2*/RVB*$.02 .!T)JBND%;/R!/CT/S
CJ<
A[$'L10!

X)/'W

M^@(4?C6;!A+*UG9()7^S!Y%=#R78$L/QS6]&NR-5)SM &:SHM(*VB1M
5F6-


M98KBV&5V!F@8MM!)'\?;)H GU%))(XA$I8K*K



M ./#\J+*R^SVKPR
K[W=VVKM'S$G&
].: 
9[EECU(Q#RE96\N1(\!\1DY!!


MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH :)$+
H8%E^\
\BB-TEC62-@
MZ

JRG((]:P8?-EBCV2S%IUD\W_: XX]\


 V

YQC/UXK
F$MEH-RR;H61
M8UW [ .G08'';FHS&!

M@22^M[90=\
AED++SMQ\N?Q8?]\GTH U9)$B0O(ZHHZEC@4GG1%$?S%V28V-
MGAL]
G'3M


ML'H?2EKG1;H&F@_=!YMX5]R@J/ERPX'/I[XJS&VVQU:+RXO,EP0S@;%JO5





M #US6)=+&D]S&J6[+--Y660YC/D@^GMV]:LWS

MG\@: -/S$WA-PW


 I50.3]











GI^)S=HH @FMED*D85O
5V..N*9=6CSSP.DBHB2!


M3SGU-6J6@X@

A&%9%[!UX
M_P#K]?IQ0MI*UK)#-)22-K)!P#W!)!-7*6@$0LL15)7WG^-N?TZ?E3+2T


@TW[+.#;3%( &/DL
M




MEW(S$$=

H='+*I4':P;&



MC'IEU%&



M^R72@ RR/(5'FLJX).



MR.9#R1]!Z_7]: 
RTE#AKDW

M8?3K^A 
_36M4GA++;([*5C;=YLC'OF3UZ\?_JJ.6[E.H74@=#);7
=O$FT9



MEBE$OF./


M$#@DXZ57O'QXALWS\L43*_/3S OZKC\:N6MC%8Q.+:)[$DG 4G))P2!T&:
M!8HT
2-PQ

MR9V1=I/3/ P#3[NSGN=!N+/:BS/;OA
A?JN 2Q&:FN(9Y+NT*B/R8G+L23


DTI
M 21TRBX8@'&![\5-';3J\\DC0R
^W;\A R/49-
M[25-

M7$3

$$8/'6JZSLE_





M9%N5;SD\I

K*R(=L)'78 

6YQEB
?E@F@#'+++(9W198F2!HO
0/M9F.
;LCRQ/@ _P#CV[\J +E+63J<A75]/(^[





=K L@C6-HR \@[IG
M/W?4]: .@I:Q[NY5M#WR2J#
#A6(8M[#&
_E4%WYLOVE1N+RQ^6A8 '?M/;U
M^GI0!O49K.OY1-!!J,8Y9%60LN%STP1WQC'IFJ9$@O2!)$I^W==G&?L_7K
MTH WJ*R=2E9[B% 
Q1QO

M^1GCVYH W:*** $I:RX7EBOK]FCD0/

6_&&;G[P].]7WE
6A-+

MK%'([.ZH S



9KFYBBGB+?99%; ^X/1CGC_/% &W


M@#HZ2J5E*?M4MLK(T
4
93:N.N[W] *K7CX\0V;Y^6*)E?GIYA 7]5Q^- &O

2
R


0<C+)CC\#^5:J,'16&<$9Y!!_(]* '4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %(1D$9Q[BEHH SX[.5'N8TVQPS.&!R0NQ5

^_XXJY10!1\F]MBPMOL\H8Y+2L58


M%226DC6D


)0V9RP#??1CU^H/7V_E#I^G7%N+432Q.L$#1;50]25

M *[L1SCKAA6M24 

8 P ./FQCKQ6G24
M 5IK7?-'*N-PD#
3Z '@?G4
]BS7EN\*1)&LHED/()PA48'3N/RJ_10!7AM/



M_P=++;3SM&SR1J%7!QACGO@GH/PJY24 94FF3ATN8)4%U$ACC5A\@4]N .
G37W$BNBRS!5*L
KL7D#ZY).??OUK2I: *5BMTLDGGV=




XYXXJJEPQ5);N[6&7'[MRWRX

M;]OG

MJ

5T&HV4EYIDD 8)(T6T(K80'\N1_G%1KITBW=
MK(-FV)RQ' XV
.



?:OW


$*3L$\@*8PH!PXZ











MY=GR[%B
G.


M*2J[CV&

JTTT@=CT P1P/H!0 HG'V69GO4/E'YGA4#;QG&#FLV.

GC'Z








W
MSGDCN(_

ML

S



#'L
M



TVXT^ZWBXA
3RF;SGC=B@)V%0 P!

M@!]%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 45F222PZD=TP(
(





M5R
*02





\
#


MX9HY]@VK:RR^7O(R!L/(QU'3\ZNRSR;('B4;7/SG!;:

M/D3F60. 4
+XC8J./I@@_C6D



A\HR]N.Q'?^
M9J_10!CV6FSINBN'!A%S)

5IT4 9





.!N;DG\3FG7-J'NH

M5 J*@55YP#P

MRP

1@@^8W



M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11


O?$$MC#
\

^V:O:[%-
EACJ2!WJH-

2
!&/RD


646YFNKB62WD
M

MG1(Y@0Z X.20




A/ISJQ:6D%Q-)!<W$23
7:%2

XW#'
M..






KW&0?0?E0!#-K;VRW*SVN)HY%CC2-FDW[AD9PN1WS@'IWJY




MXMHM1*644=Y:VBR^8S[E8'=T.


_E60NLE1%LT]
WQO48< G+8]=IZ9Z5M5D#05#Q-]OO#Y=RUR ?+Y<Y!_@Z<G\_I@ @.L

MB


M:1P.W:I+G3([DQ^;-



LL
MK2[6.0I8DD#VR2?Q^E9NLV

MKB_-I]A1&2*.61C/QM;/W?EYY!'.VJT_B*:VAO6FL%\ZUA$QBCN%8@$D88X&
MTC'.

#.




\R9\O[SYW9




4P8SV.%!SPO/^
MR/?(!?L))Y;&&2Y5%E9 6-N'YX'\JP[A_\ B;7MSJ%KZ6C1?9W68[U8GY0




'CG-


M8K.UT.$\0E[N1E%HH6)MNWD-TXSQSW[F@#JZ*YR^U.]L9KV 3K(5:WV22X01
K'VI\D@C4
P

M954_(9 O& 

MZU./%W.(UN)!



\;HP%J@SG@$+@@_0@@T :M%<PVL
M7MO8.DS,MX&A5C-L .V-RNH(*]AD9&.<U))+K

EC;7-Y$AGN6B9HMKOMV%



Y.
GN?PH Z*
< 9Z\5LV_G/9Q^<Z8H-[1'*


9R
M!@9 VGGK0!TU%8L%]=+JRQW3-Y


;&R!




+


M4# 22!
\=LF@1M/LGD:1K.W:1T,;,8ERR]-I..GM38]+T^)XWBL;9&BSY96
M%04SUQQQU-/-[:6*(W4/F3#

N/4#O2Q7EK-
T
-S#)*HRR(X+ 9QDCZ

:1QCHJ* !^ IBV=JEP]PEML\G#R
!F^IZFH=1NY;0VI18RD

M








YE\P;!CKSTJEIVL)-82W5]+;VZQW#P[O
M
PGRM@?

V]M\2MEL



6-L(XB61?*7
M$]2!CBKQHD8C5%5 
!0
#'TJ ZC9!86-Y;@3_ZHF5?G^G//X5:H @6RM465




M20 .Y[55^W6T
$;7-[; F

<TBZ5IR1+$EA:K&K^8J%0 W



Y0S1)(4.Y=Z@[3ZCT-5DTC3(
MS&8].M$
0Y=D0*6/N1UIUQ;07
M41BN88YHSR4D4
#^!K+3Q!;RW5JT4UN;&:&21IC)C84*\'L/O#K6NCK(BNC!
ME89# Y!% $0L[86OV46\(M\8\K8-F/3'2F-IUBT44365N8XCF-#$N$/L

M6\M8)XX9KF&.63[B.X#-]!WH:\M5E6)KF$2
VP(7&2W7&/7VH 8NG6* A+.W
M4




 #H* 
_7

1P50N[@D


MLTMG*8DNKAO(M[KRW*R


M-6^VP7*6

M64#Y74/@X(SD;NM='10!CV-G=6VK2%%D6T8R.5D*



 ]3W].7:5I307@:ZM9VEBE
MDD2X^U

M7?29-\.F-;2
&BSOXP
&P1G=N !7IC&.:Z&B@#F?L.I*UG#]B#&VU!IVG,JA71M_/4M
MD;@
=N..G2DX!(!/L.]+10!SEG!J$5E&ATYTD%Y+(68Q
Z*[
0R_-@'YL'Z
MG -)IUA=VTVE![ @V\
,X8A0
MWVG\Q[XU?#T$]MH5G;W

MTB06H
96)O
0(Y5\[6+'/'; [GD52EL+T_
6DR*TU_#


[2@!D??@C&3_'T

B1D2W0ESM.05+.0 .?0\]*

M9H69!B0  D#!)SST/7MFHW\0V\*2FXM;N%XC&#&R L0Y(4_*2 01R15/0M

[K-Y=]#&\XA\T_9B=QC



GG/?I0!=MM2BNKEXH$D=4(!E&N2N
M['7(X(Y(QS5MR51FEB!D*

MG0!E0:[#






MZ?/IT2VWVH26L7$2&/#JO8%L\@?0'B@\[;$9R0H)PHR3]!66VOP117#W%K

M.F7%G'





R


:EMBD MCZ\5@Q:I


 !U[XGTVR2%Y)-PEB688900C=&PQ!/T7)]J
MUU8


M@#G-3OWMM9NH9-::T46Z2PQLL6&8E@5 *[F'RC@'/-.LM2FBN[BYU*5XHQ8P
M3O$_W8F)8$#\AUK3BL9TUF:^:XC


J 
VYNYQC- &?=:J;;5
MXK-K=_):!YGGW* H4C/4YP

M'GI3=0TI+^Z6624B







M(M@^N



\9JC%HE[':)!]O@)2

D]OQH @FUX1V

&//3(W9/\

26.3S_ /JZ59@TRZM[GSH[Y?WB*LZF
M'(8@8#+S\IQQSNZ@S;WR7-Q+%'%(5C8H9.-I8=1UR



M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***:Y(1B
9 [G H =17/0:W=%+\8


@
ZX!^IQ[T =)17.W6LZE+X
MM;6\)M+1+DHY+DYW;E. .5(R


MDC$@C+J),A





MV2
















=N3_.@2F+(CL

^N/:0C
M/VM=L1?;F-S;006Y)/'- '145BQZK-?3+#ITMLSB'SF=T8JPW
H4#((.5.

O!J&FVUX$*:,/M/;- %JBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ IKHLB,C@%6&#W%.HH R;C0X%M)$LTQ

M5''HBW$12_$HC)!
2W\TH+ Y!W

;5% %273;6:X2=T;S479O61E
M++Z-@_

+*8X5E\PD8

CT#3XO)V)./)D:6/_293M8]3][OS^9]31'H.G1HJI%*I1V=7


.2Y(Q\Q)^;\<_A5L@$$$ @]0:9++


=L8J_10!2DTJSEBC22-V
3;T?S7\P'&
[\[NG'6F+HF

Y


MW\N*3%NC)$#
[!5;J
$X(^OH/2EBT+387B=+;+1#$99V;8/1

DC(2/0[2
CV/%$.FVL%Z]Y$CK



DTRSEM(K5XCY4./+P[!D(Z$
#D'WSFKE% %!]'LY)DF99O


MV@B0R1S[_P!Z&& 4ZC'4_P JO4 48M'L8H)($@/DR#!C+L5 ]%!.%_#%4X-'
!Z\;5% &8^@:;(L@:W;
NWS'$KAW
MV]
MG)[=^U2PZ190BY41.ZW7^N$LKR!^

M0!3_ +'L39_96B=XL@C?*[






M* *ESI5G=3/+-&S


DKJW






GL)62(/'=)I+SRD0QVX=HU(79F-E8XR'.
9&X=*Z:[L+
5)!=SPQ6D8CDNXF8;U8G

N
*-_0
.!Z#-
NK9(VU#RK.])2_A:W*P2
MDJ@V[]AQP.'''&




3OX@BGCT]T

MFG3AK.[N [)%MV(_F8P3@$?

MLK-CDD9#9Q7744 9NAVD5I9,EN]RT3.643QB/;QTA5VCVQZUDV%K
\UENM


?F4




M;*59XY[
;01DG



M39;.5#J6^X0



\N
-?6YTR62W-\&C1[:3R

ORYY &01[

?##A?NX/056&G2+
MI5[+.-3.I_9WCE5(
+(YZ$

MR+4
PE^7!=&1CG /S8R

9;S!P/4@]2..:Z
M*B@#&\.6J6D5Y&+3[._VJ4D^7M#J7)7![C:1[=JR0@9K2/[-?E%U*0L&AF(

\7DRPHES-L22)D 0N2N 0.
$=*QH[)(#;P_


MO&ZR-NZE.&!]C^O !H:OK
4.CS3V=PIE-NTT++&9!@ D$XZ XQD]_P JEDUJ


$4MW8] *RY-*O7^U6


MXU)HDM0EW9BV0M

29XXXY(RIEVD@]1T[\






M^U %K0+R:]LYI+B02


EH
M\*EYXXF






M?D;BC!
@9(W8VY !.
YXJL;YGNM

]3#6K%O-V22,8HS(0(7RR@X
M)7CYAGTS5&PTO4($M#*+8/!<S2,%D9@5DW'CY1RW3VZTD.DZBU^MU=30LYM
F6 PN<C&2


:@PN#N R5/'RG'.#BC6K!M2L/)3RBRR)(%E




Q JEU&F)9%


MK.\L9E3;$Q#*.ISC'ZU8M;F.[MTGAW&-QE2R%1] :Q)[!(8+.Q@NT&H)(9
M%.&*2,?,.WKMY..V0*Z!5J%48 & * %HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH ***:ZAT93G##!P2#^8Z4 .HKE-.:9I+(6;:D\OG
MRT[2M$8P6
M'WGXSTQMYI^GZF-


MRG$#[MD_ER8X_O$H% /;#&@#8HJA=W\L=U]EM+=9YEC\UU:39A22!C@Y)(/'

87)7[QSPOH#S0!T-%4
M=6U Z;9?:1 TWSHA4







(SY9;G(!!(R.
\=^U &S16!9ZQJ/E6LEW:6P
MAN)S$95N#\GS


6H?8K=(Y8Q+^\N





M




PGFA$C1&5$?AER#R5VXR,9W?A0!M45BVVM7-S]E\O3
MPOVJ)GBWS@8*XR&P#@<]1GZ5%+XE(BB\BPEGG:(2O$BNQ49(PJ







_B



+UR2?3GI


4\?VZ\V3VZVS#
?W


=JTLJK&4*OD

M@[CVSSUJTE]$^HRV(#^='&LC$K@8)(&#WZ&K5 &7#H5O;K$()[F
QO(ZMYFX



M'04K



.BQ@
MQM'=7

8JS10!GQ




M^'7&







%OG


GV@_


DD$XSVJC;7X

\G_5\GDY'/-


&N1QK.UQ!*0L
=XYR<'@5T-% &7XEG:V\/WLR7+6SI$2DBL =W8<^IX_&LF

@H Y*RNPVCO='49Y@



MS%I-W)9+NN5B8Q@#/./2L38;XW46E7]Q+ ]L6WBY=C%.#\HW9R

MT]% '*PSO=WT6'NUMM4B1H@)9!Y90@OR#\N02.
?=]Z@;4XX)KJ5M69FAU6.
M

);?:0ZJ-VT_
Y4



@$

M([AU+.&3 RI'.






M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *9++'#$TLKK'&@RS




M/]FR;I=+%M&?

=[:2PO-%=0O%&2'=9 57'7)[51T[6$N?M\EQ);1V]
MM
%259



B7LRRQW(9

MMJ/Y@VL?0'/)KG[S3M1O+JZN$L?)CE6W;RS.$=C&Q)7*'C(/!SV'X6)-

M66RM;RWF+





=_;VQ6?8VB:=J+Q
M+#Y4


O% $UUJI;5QIME
)%=U4D*S;0?QP<?E65:0W<&OE





^II-8BDFTN=8E+NH#A!U;:0V/


M.W@5V!B+.T;#(9MQXXRN/7DCI5BYT^^:/4-ML&+WL-T@$B_.%\O*C/?Y&ZX[
M4 ;7V^SV._VN#:C^6Q\P85O[IYX/M2+J-BTD4:WEN9)ANC42KEQZ@9YK GL+
M]KZ29M
\Q6OX[ALB%E4(H;J1CIV)_J;.L6NH7-WB&U'E1W$$H9@\T*P)W$

& SQDC./F-6-/TXV6LHT&G/#;U,?F&16.2VX D
ML6/ZX^E &Q'=VTJNT5Q$ZQDARK@A2.N?2FQ7UI-)HKJ2(MM#K(I/IGUK!

@$D'.#PV.&]:T;6*[2Q=



)B?[KAQM;Z&D^WV?DQS?:X/*E.V-_
&USZ ]S6!+IM
MTVH078T]F5[\7!3='F%?*V'/S=2V&^7/3UQ2QV-\+:1A:W
$ZW
\D91XCE7?

MOH&;;A1GUP3^ ]:U(V+QJS(T98 E&QE?8X)'Y&@!U%%% !1110 4444 %%%%




;4()QSR1^- '1T5SU]KE^+'5)
MK6QB06+.A::?YLA0P8*%(/7ID5:O-6N+ VYN;6$)(T:
PN.2S''R#;EL9YSB

?RJS%X@



429)X+#<N!MR 2.3^%6M5OCIUBUR(&FVLH*
MJP'4XSS]: +E%8EUKTMF\D,UCF9'B&$E!7;(Q56R0#U&
'^M2S:K=18Q2
M1K6



/3[R^M &W3514!*%!))P
9/K65'J4LEW;Q/8H)I
M8))8I/



MP5\1K]G9Y([=&2Z-L[FXSI[L[]OOCD#GBK
^K2AI$M;03R00I-
IEVX#9P




MS
090 PP%.

CU/(XJCK=






=+\#
M%E:



M@/FW5V)9'1WD/E[_ )#E5/RXP#SP/Q-37.D17%P\WGW$1FC\J98V $J^_'!Y
M/(P:ONX0 D





M



YH =J%BFH6XAD=T =7#(%)!!R.&!!_$46%C'81R)$\C!Y&D.\YP6)

X[9[GO


M!T#9!]3R

L[= * 




MN\Y8?=P03S@@_P JV** &1IL0+N9L?Q


M8W912K)]UAA1@\GV^8\=
:]% $4$1ACVM-)
W=Y
9/Y  ?@!45S8PW-U;7$F

8(^^W.,_2@E_8J^:SB^NP6M_L^
M
^2TN)9#<F?39+DPA /G7:0%P
\[CZ^V*6XO+P6^V.





MG+1K$H4G&

MP22%=I=XP21G.




M\L;B0
 YZYP35F@#CIM2D2?3-3:X6XEEL;B:.+@ -M0[%P

MQ:ZN+BVE@G\KRG60.8PS@

^Y:]L5MU_M 3A[N-27B4.48XVY&!
H&.M/-A9L9UI 3*NV0F
?./0^HH Q5U\ND9%O/LSPV,5R'V*1*S
MDYR/NC Z8//6H)]5U+R=1N3/Y(M[2Y2 1KP6#%E8G)/3V[8QWZ Z;8E(D-E

M:002R;(2@1HSA

@CT(H YE+[5'LM)2.[W3ZA#YI
MED9(]K!5.U?W;#G).#T-/O[K5UA$*W!%V+;*_8HA*'FR1ALJ=JG YX'7GBM
MPZ=8FT%H;.W-LIR(3$NP'K]W&*IWVBI=W22E+)XU4)Y=Q:7:!_=.1MZ^A[4


_L







-
(P'/U/6@#!F9]$$PC?SI+32UPS]]






GVO6E:[D\L:666$[=I)$@


D8;*YSCGMD=* 

MVFN();[9&+2&5'
0/ELS
N% ZYP

+SE1:0!2P8@1C!(Z'ZC Q
M]* + Z5S8U*[_M$QQ7K21303
CRP*J*R

1SCD\]JZ6JG]F6'S_Z#;?.



QZ5;YG%K?00[RB9='V;@V!C^
]
=!2/J
MMTD]W%'?(YAU*&(JRJ6$3[ 5XQCDL
D$\?C6G::3Y4]^;AH)[:[8'R/(P% 4


]?NXQ0!G^%W
M5K6]02K(R7TX8@C.=YZXZ9ZT:FK/XAT]4G: M;7 #J 2.8^F01^E:T
$5NA2

MO+^8NIR#NSC P.
=1UJU0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %

M



@$&GZ+8F/4&N;EKY





M 8'Y-3UN/

''YF@#7H




M4N+^:.-0N'*I@$YZG;@?C0!JT50O#-;6UND4LLC&54+':68'/MBL^WOUEEF3




#BRB:.%E)S(2  6
MX^7@=!G]

M.PSD_P A^57:* 

M



G):/:P!


MC=S]1GZ5H



MW;.%!!P/?@#TZUJ44 5;.2&%TE0*WFNV5.0^3NR/3DGBD6#?=70EB#0R(J_
M-@ANN1C_ #UJW10!5NK87#01LBF)'WL 00 0!CZD'\*J#3Q';W!@@6
RLNV

M+)*&'\(P
CKGH*OT4 9T]J\U_

M-DRK@!E&]BK XYR




MF2A6VG@+@DG].M583

 QJ3D9V^E3);3Q

R_+AAD?+CUH 75;E[9;=ED\M3(?
/'W0
MC




M



ISEE

NL6DL48$$5M+&2
8!+1

MS]*MFY:&T1Y
33



M&A.Z19 ^!D]0R^O.0?8].\3V'VB:\2:%?+EE!WD DKL4$#ZD$4 .L)VDEDFW




ML$9\=0I /ZD5C_;EEDC^:ZBB



FTDR
X MX)%N,DR* Z(2KY.,'&<9SC- %ZBL26]N9-4D@BVQNB)@F0[Q).


B?

\%@#55KAE::

PZ@=Z -ZBLO4+PI=6T:F4J%:5VB[\84?0YS






*Y&?R%7_ +7


M!Z9JQ0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% &6;%I+B5FCQF3=N+=5&%'ID@9]A4]C;$.US-$8YG9L#=GDC@XX/W0


M$8$4$@8W!F)_G^M7J* *-C:)&TS/ @/GLR':
@=B*EM8IXY;AIIFD623=&IQ

M8' V*
_3.:KQ::4F!@RD:
KKYG\15-@&!VQSSWQ6M10!3M/-ALPC0$2!B-N\
M$')SG/ISZ9]JC;3W^SL4D NS)YWFXXWXQC'ICY?I6A10!1(NKB&W


M3C88TC)SA3U)]S@?E[T6(NXF:WN%5XX_]7

(M-WV
M:!K=?WH.W+?(1^/)JP]I
-
OH(8%5IRP1-P  8 9_K6I10!F&SN4#2$J[/.L




M:3

M
(N5.X#&X=P*IC1+D7
MRM^BRFY-



MK2+H



7@
)N7F


A4
\


M#Q2J&5AW!K






 %22
QG?T9L


M;VOGM$_ V]?7:2



M5M''(ZNZJ 65=H/X9./SK
O-%DNK[[0;M?EE26(-%N


M(98#/'+*HLH&3T).0#T/X9K0NF6LK$
H2.






@@*EN^



MLR#85*Y+8QSG@#WS3K32+JW:QW7L3BU+Y MR-X;_ ('Q^M $*^)X(M/AN;R%
MH'FW%(FDC4LH[@EP.XZD'VI\WBO2H?))F!25%?=N5=BMT)!(8_@#CO3HM%GM


H$R-%NR1P&4Y&T
MXXYR.!0!-;WR7-Q+%'%(5C8H9.-I8=1UR



9AAQG/R =<8]3S4

AN=5FU.6.&XA,-G,L4@FDLZ[5))41]3G@A@/:HKK6KNRAN?
+&?&^/?







2[M9F0$+MC8A/E &1['G@_@ =0C!U##(!]00?R-.)%W ,!DCYE(/Y&
MN<@FNKQ]%FDOGC:2.1GVJNQF&.Q'OCK].M/M;^\NDL+:2Z


M\N38!@C'(Y./PQ67H][J$^FZ?8:5-!&R62R!WD W-N((QL;(&!D#!YZT =M4


WBE*\(W/\)(P&#=^A% &_17*[U8:?<WHO;C
M]S9&9EFMT5!+C)5?E!88Z$$CIR:L7%QJ?G6EG;78::XA:??*RIR-ORKB-@1R


3:GJ3R6$=PK2&],32%4./*#@9

Q*Y[9Y/OV%='0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%

M?NXQUJ/2]074K8SI;S0J'9 )=N25)!^Z3W!'X5=H K2:?92NCR6=N[1KM0M$



M+10!EZAHT=TL:PI:(J
SF*:U$D;L?XB




M8VD#RO#:P1M-_K&2





C%

1AQ_M9)W=

M]I T
?W(VC!5?H





M').
=C7744 9NAVD5I9LEN]RT3.643QB




8]J[2B@#E;[3899

D6?]'M0Q24_Q



M[I);
J*NTA@45  

M3K+R+C[$L=M

MN#USSUE% '+:E8PRK:)%!=QZ5MD#1QVV\JQ*E3Y;JQ ^\.%X]A70V
0@LH80

MK7A6&WAAO!%9-;.US(WS6S1;D+L4Z@9 ';M[5O44 85_LVMS1FWFD66Q=6




W\A*);2'RF3^[R
;B.OO


MD88H4;(P-P'ISBK%SI9DO8X;F34O(6-;:9(UD8

YR=A*-T^;CWZ5UE% &
M%:1R6VM3/Y+2))N=Y&MV5TQG WCAQZ#J

.V5U5






%4L
MQP 





MKN2SL+M)8U1EN5R8B



ME0


R W2L8E5WV OM5N0QP#@8YS1_;%

MA.!\QX'H/7BV=-N99+DSQVS1W$



M8SFH++0WLDE5++37E7?Y-SMVR

MM3ZW9I-=P2R2VWV? :8Q
!D^A*X)Y&!W]*LW&IVEK


Q+G=$=H4

A(/R


MS\_7//7Z@'0U7N[R&S16F9OF.%5$9V;Z*H)-6*SM0M+A[VUO;/RFE@#H8Y6*

M)[9_(U-=:Q:VL5U





@^HK!?











MLRS.P$8E^6%R60_Q+@?

?/\O';
M/+9IT-AJD3P'RK

R W2L8U5WV*6VJPR
M&.!P

D[3/:QJ9(43?L)S@_*
\]_0#/')K%CT/5A87-LR669=/
MCLU83OU7(W'Y.X8G'M[Y%XV&IFXOI1%:?Z3:QPJ//;AESG/R=/G/Y#UX ':/


M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1137171D=0RL
%2
@CTH =3(Y$E7=&Z
MNN2



MX8=

U/4;Z



M=P]1ZBE

=\'/M5RVU5]5EM9]L6?+C:)@64?Q!LX;/H
8H T




AE.013JY/3-7GTS1K'SDCDA&F&=50$



^YT6PNCF: DF
Q
5

MO/6X=6


8PJLY; ]
DDU570]/3;LA==J-&N)G^56QD#G@

M.B% ?






M&+INF75O

@9792 V

V/0[&)XW1;A6BB
*$74N50]1][_

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHJ
M*XN(;6$RSR+&@P

MJS0NJGZ






%QP&+ =2/[IH
M LT5!%+

@O(5QD$@C@
MGIBJ_P#;$'E
X:-LY
85\[@

8]ZABOE8R;

L4
\CPMM

.W.1^% %RBJ<U\8IRGDLT8
-,Y1H'0YR#D8VG.UOQQTH MT52N-1C@+J8IR%-W08W

3*RA9&S\H^X0&')]:L07RSQ7#B-@(&VD9!

KN Y

M&)GCLKHW-@(QL;?Y@1LXVA^XP/4X_&M6B@ HHHH Q^)+=) [)NO#E0P/20C/





AV\#U'\ZT#
5M5
!^TN1A6!&&(
M[DC@5/M7T'Y4O3I0!@VT




M4






MP8;AG!'0T 4-45VNK#+_ +HW !3'WOE8\_EQ^?T46UN^HO'M#((@2NXD [C5




M\:28WHK8Z;AFD6%6#+$BD=% (H RE20WTK+Y@CG=WW+OXVA%'0CK@T[3'E




MX!WZU*D

=.* 
Z)/M45RUQ-
H68_)N P!@@5IQNLD:NIR








M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 126\

MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB



7RFB*2O$58@D%6*GI]*N4 %%%% !1110
M44UY!WJH.3C!SQV[4T31M.\(<&5%#

DD
;(TZ(&*

MQ$PV0I

TZ_:[RYGG@+.8B[[5D#8VHHP ,]A^=
M='10!S,5BTNO2SW+7R73!X62%=C1]EW[

M]MF$6-Q*


YZ5


MC@1&21C @ '@^XK2HHH X^.U26[U.5KQ-3#Q3[6/EKB

MZTM'.EW
L%I/YPO26

C.W)0D8YVG@YY74K&&
M5;1(H+N/2ML@:..VWE6)4J?+=6('WAPO'L*ZFB@#FY+26UO;)X4FNMJQPXN8

K2&9H&C8






@W#J





MV#SSR7&GF?6F-U]O15





MKK+1_




(&AGE8$H)%50KN$+%1DCG /MVS

M^$FM
VP
M@(03PQ]C^(]\ &M16?%VF+;I






=S)'QUQA6 J[10!E2Z+%]LM;

\R$DIMD90
^H!P?Q

4B8
M.O[Y\Y'3)SEOQS5FB@#-O](2Y\Z25X9YBI9S)(5^7&,*KKCIU!'\Z=;Z3B
MJ;AI)Y?*
3%Y7*LI.2-K


]1NW9QP.

QQ=2CEA@]&]*T:* *Z/9JK*HGNGELHN)
$8QR-W7'?
6P
[Y(









65)


MO8(?(A12\JR_O22-N
8^7GJ/2@#4HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B

93+96TAF(
FZ)3O

#!QQCM5JB@#*LO#]A:6\D#0QSQR$;A)

A5 /U(S5][2VD6)7MXF$)#1!D!V$=OICVJ:B@#/O=&L[R.53%'$\K
M!I)$B0E\=-VY2#^(J2VTJQM5Q':P[MGEE_+4%EZX.!T]NE7** *@TS3Q''&+
M&V1-NC7REPA]0

MKEHE.X#H#QR.!^5.BT^RA8-%9VZ$.9 5B488C!;IUQWJS10 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
5110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 ?_9
end








begin 644 exhibit10-21x8x1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!# ! +# X
A .#0X2$1 3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** DI:HZL;@V9BMH)9&F.QFB95
M
:GJPW$




M6D\
10Z=%+I


8







M^.^M)9$2.Z@=W3S%59 2R?W@.X]ZP;:PU%&TF-[)2UC



HQTZ\^X_
5DO8Z@UBT9CDE\


M]HL51'; 

'EA@8].
]:9K=C)J&GF*%E69'26/=T+*P(!]CBG13WETC1
MO9R6AQ@O(Z


MI7/IG.








MAAE$94 $==RG.3V]#0!&=9G9A$+:..6.[2WN%+E@ P!!4@#/![X^E:BW=N]P


M#AA5F'4]/N)6B@OK:610242521CKP#6%]END:UEGT]+:WM;*6WF)F4#&%P5Q
VL=REM)<PK._P!V)I &;Z#J:J:/:+ )9A:7%M),%\P3
MW)F8D9[[F&/Q_#BJ.L6NH7-WB&U'E1W$$H9@\T*P)W$G.1S@ =NO:@#;2Y@


F

)E;.U XW''7 ]JGKEK6QO(DM NE21!-3DN&4-$-L;!P.C=
MMXX]C[5U- !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 445!=3FWB#K!
M+.Q(4)$ 2?S( ^I- $]%9D6MP3+!Y4
<L!B* D
PR#D';@^N:D;5M

C*NU789 SNY]

MYXZ'D@#WJ+3]8CO(K![B::X@





WSJ-H/0X)!/3^$$T :M%






\T%K!'*_WG2
!F^I%6**


M0!G6FG3VF^%;M6LV9V6

WRDJX'52 0



M

M26YA\F-A%AP
8!8Y(8X] *;+HD\[W4LM_F6XBC0A80$!1MP.


)


\=:T:* 
ZX


M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
.8(Q1C&X;:PZ@X[T/<01S1PR
M31I+)]Q&8!F^@[T 2T44A( ))  ZDT +150ZA;+<&(RJ,1^87W#:!G'K4L]P
MD%N9CEEXQMY+9Z ?6@:BJ\UY% 7$ARP0;4)R3VJ2258\;MW/HI/\J )**I
MQZC#()%E&QRF/+))(]

.G!QG\:3[5%MR2

#CJ#4=M=1W+3*@8&&0QMGU !_J* )Z*CF
MD$
+R%68(

J[1C.20!_.F


X/.* )





M4Z[QCCUH FHJG'J



64;!@$]3]: 
SREC
$*1
Y8
M-Y+)*%$#).?7U)SGGUJQ?K(;.&*4&1@5+.0FP]BPJRUE SAV#EAG!\QN/I

J

AA.6R%/KQ][%6=528VD[*T6W;W0D_GFI9=.MY96D82@LP



M\U12(6QO5W0)'+.H$6-P540A3GL5YK:MM-M[5I6B,Y:488O.[G\-Q./PJ=K
M:%HT1HD*I]T8Z?2@#.CDCC35WCVE5;(]_W2^E58(E^T0P3A4


F_1I=0G26+





M*R@/C] #6FL$:M*0N?..Y\\@\ ?R ILMI!




Y^0]JE?3+-T9# 

I4X)'!ZU8
M
*
\;D'




N


@@*QX_[ZJR@*:I

A=
^8
.





.F-OXBDU:T\[4+
110DAF4F5-P=O





QRQED!Y)Z
5'



TAU\PNT


_P JS=04R7Z((651



MK0I'.=TSYAY4
3A=P/'7'_ 30!JB:

MI5)&(EO1*8C)MAE7:6&TG'7G&31HRS#3;-GE4I]G3A






M_*GO-''(D;L%:3(4'N0


MA@BW3(W-







M46


M*DEFBA 
LBIGIN.
T 1Q6WDQ-&LTI4MD%CN*CT!/]?6GK;Q+ 8!&/*((*GG.
-)/+8D-L+]#T% %7^S(?LJ6QDF
:2!US(2



MV#W F+ME4*A#@KSCG'7MZU&FG0*@!!)&W##C:%.0%QT'TJQ#*L\0D0.%/]]
MI_(\TB7,+QK()%MR-W&?SH 3[.GVI)QP51EP!P=Q!)_\=IL%HEO/+)&S!9

MD4A2Y)/  Z\T 1_V=%YCL&?8Z+&8\\;1G ^G)J6VM5ME*([M'QM1SD)[#OBG

M8=-B-H]L99C$SA@_*8(( /7'%66E1)4C8X9P2HQZ=?YTU+JWD952XB8MTN



5)) LLBM(2RJ00G;(Z$^M-D


MN


M

^8



MX:5MJC'4X)_D#0 A@5IA*^69?N ]%^GO[U'-9Q2W
=QETECXW(V-P]#ZBI?/

=@S['18S'GC:






BX4N@-PPX0A3GZD@B
MKEZTKOIOR@.9BS-MV/W;]1SR14\MBK-$T$KVYB0QKY87&TXXP0?[HIUO:+


ME?

MP
P%20I.0K9&!SP!^M




M-5XL&4^6QCVMM=H]SE._ \O .#^1K9E@$LD;[BI3.

;!







#(.P)

F[5WN%AB$D32[C(65BT@&
@XZ
M#H

CN!5DVQ(=A
ZS


K[ $8Q0M

K
\0'\1W]NR\U9*$:.QDCC1Y

M

\3ARC1.7!4#J5*_P C

MX[9$D
A+NY).78G'T]/PH IV[$ZC; )+$#;.6C=B0#N0#O\ 6JTDB6V^.-(I


ASGUZY


MED5S'%
\C8+'MZ8Z #\*06,2S+(NX81D.<G<5))/7/RB@+32\ND05DN)E0+(
M2



M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH



ML-T(DMK$7486-2=WS\$G.1\OZ]J;=ZG=



M8P5/'&?7GKTP ;Y. 3Z4B


C((/Y'I6%9WE[=6+NMTR3VD+).'164S


I$I;?ZY.1CVQ0!T=17%Q!:Q&6YFCAC

M[2
+20%VQECL/)P /R% %A=5T]K:6Y2^MY(8AF1TD#!?KBK2.LB*ZG*L
@^U

M=2

8.06-:FC-J+
[7M

M\DQ9BSM#$Y!YY/O^E7M/DG^W7UO-.TXB9&0LJ@J&7.. ./KS[T :-5YKVV@N



ML-NTA?N
NX@D_=&0.U &_15%9IX=%



MO!

X(S
MR


%'YFL34[G49+MXK2XGB/EQ
MF(00JX9B3NWDJ=O &
X'UZ5:\2 KX7U!68L1;




M2$3CICCUH U.M+61=WDUKJD:NTBVC%(E
81E5F( #C[PSP 1QS3M7N+J*^TV


4A0,#@Y
M&<G&3QD_A0!T5%<U+?ZBEVEF+KY%OA;&?RUWNIBW^FT$=#Q6GJ_VJWT=Y;:Y
MF\VW7SRJA:4+U!!7&2
] .?RH TJ:[!%+') ] 2?R%8%O?74VIS6HO)/+G9
JS:G-;VES#Y=D8][3R*#*I
M +


M&K;0*BHL







MPK+%8&!5*:S5]@'9#D8ZD]#6BUE;R6:VD\23PJH7;*H

MYA263[D;2 


MJ);VT:!YUNH3#&2'D$@VKCKD]!0 L=G:Q3R3Q6T*2R_?D5 &?ZGO2V]I;6@8



9STQZ\U(FH6;QR





M-NNV*.)?1%C]*A_M33_+DD^WVNR

&4(-Y'IGK1':6T4\D\=O$DTGWY%0!F^
MIZFJTNMZ;;W1MKB_MHI50

1IYCXD!VKZGVH 8=(TTCG
M3[0X39_J5^[Z=.GM2#1M* 8#3+
!@%;]PO(XX/'3@?E2PZMI\MM!.+R!4N


M_

XYZGK4,NMZ9##',U_
M;&*1]BN)5*D]^<XXJQ]IC19Y);F'RHVY.<
8'#'/7OVX(^I &-IE@RPJUC;


UU-% '
V=AJ
4.G
D$









^2
M.XAE*!@
A75C@G'8&M&B@#GK2TNX+;6573$5IYC+#&^QDDRJCH&]5)YQG(]\






GIT7V.U


PSCKS3[*UU%;ZPN;F%2RP31R%2J[=SJ5)
M .

CMDC^E7J* .5MM
O(+

M+E))$9HPS8!&202.





M999EN(W%T56
A5X= ^-P(Z@$'UKH:** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *



63);S





&CW=S@]1ZG]/Q &-K)%JEPNFWSHZ&1=JI]P '/WL#

MX+[01MY)QSW-:3:2\EW;W



M$LNF07LTET9+F%&=9I REL9+*




9 [?2FQ:[!
4\FWN)!):F


T5Z#!



L

<3ETF5



M=GHPP/F/KVK6F61H76)E20@A69=P!]QD9_.@#F-&U6XNQIRQZF;V2YC_ -*0
M+'FW.TG=\JC'/&&S5BW\06^G:19&^F:2:2





@[6';()!ZCH345WJM



MXMBM[Y








M_P!F=QQ5QL#CC=D=0#SS0!T-%-DWB-O+E\':&. 3VR:YZ+6M1ETVQN%BBD



'/M5NVOK]

Q#VB3/[MM7!4D%L[R<9'39T[T
M ;M1S316\32SR)%&O+.[!0/J35+1+J[OK);JZ


))I/N1


M5Q;VC-:P7$BW
:H)@

C.#@'OQ381_9

M]O04 ;E-=TC +LJ@D*

MYHTLMO$\GG.NYD!.!&[ 9]CS]:CM-8OYFLS
EL@N+F6V*H&;:4WX;)(R/DZ8

!R7X


M&3C)]*9=R2Q6DTD$7G2HC
SDS#)<0WL:_-$T1C)'.5;
M)4\^O/K0!TE

-DD^F

MG9%=2Z8W*#R
]

*Q(R

M(!/.









MMQ;VRNL0)(#2
^



N7:)W-U_K@\


GUK0J'SO
WBWV2-

M-/M].C:.U$BJ[%B'E=^3R3\Q/4TMS8V]U+%+
A
D08(RN5(SUZ'V'X@'J*LU

M)GCP?7Y2
GCCTJ(:-8^7+&Z2RB4*&

5%;ZY'
8/
L[JW2

M
7V6XE22+RYG+@JJ@$G (/R@Y!ZG\:L-H6FLQ;[.59I%E9DD=69AT)(.3CWJ
MSJ-W]@T^XN_*:401F0HI ) &3UJ6&3S8(Y


M9'; R




MG.X%&!5VY!) (;-6/L4=O'9QM#=WFEEW+QRV^2K$+M_=A1\@^;C;P3GI7444
M 9'AF.6'2C%-;RP%9Y2!)U*ERP/7T/?TJCJEC

N5&





)-(RD0J(WC).T&3;
MDC!'RENHZ5NZC&9K&:,%QO&W*+N(S[=ZLT4 <C+#/<6%ND]K+'9).R2VM?O



#;2#4Q=J\5T(SM\G
M>#C?C  3(*YZ]JKVD>Q[*9;2\$BZG+EWMY2PA._&21G;RG^0:[B@#$T*&2W
MNIHC#E,;O.:!HG+''#9X
=
=:U

 !
@KGKV/6NG=@B
QSA1DX!)_(=

M?T&-IR

VY(P1\I;J.E:'B
ME0WAK4
EAB!F!5B#D#/:M:H+VSAO[5[:Y5FAD&&57*Y'ID$&@#F+Z$/8ZH]C
M9W*1RV?E








[&*JQZ MC )[ GFLVYT61[:/[);6ME.@.QK:






MX&




2


7E!8@LYDV@G@;B 6QZD9K%NK&\@M;JZOWAD
EKY
A
C
?:@#5GU&V@NOLTAD\WRS*%6%VRHZX('/4<#GD5$=8L&MA/\ :D+

C8##.
';TY]
M.W2I+&SOH;ZWEF2W$:6@A;9*Q.X'.0HX_&@!+JZU!=3FAAN+)(8X!,!+Q.
M




M4


$EVR1MNF\O=

MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@


M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B

 ?QH IVT=P;%8IKJ
M);N1

MM

M 



%4'+ Y4X&
''


GE0Q*4E#'.#G)W =P .
MU=N+.U%K]E%M+;&/)#9CTQTJ*WTO3K27S;:PM89
8WQPJI_




M2Y




QC3(=1[9.VK=Q=/%(D20.[29VD$8SC/K6'I]M/
3-:2)C[2


(8W9B3RO'ZFLNWB

GOFH;
MVV+:D[23#[T1;=QM .XD'MPN/Q]30!I65ZTY*R1.&WR $+P K$#//7C^=
;4










M!D9. 

M?VSM\VX\O[/G9Y8\O.[KNZ[O;TJ[0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%


M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH



M^++$?E@CU^84 ;=%8^H:J)-)NIM/F

MYF06T$
4B?+C9G?G)[_=H U**SCK=@L1D:24!75&4P2!E+=
KMR ?4C%2#5;
M0M


+_+GH3QPO^UT]Z -&BJDFHVT;2J3
M(3$#NVQ






 ^W7VJ
:WIVP
UQY9


$9S[^U &O160+^]LM2@M=1\B

*K?/$

M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %)2T4 9.G6VH6\5_Y\5J'GD:6
)
Q&2


MTA 4M:KCS
=S\HQ].?K52YTR_NY=05OL\


M:* 

MG&.]%II-Q%J45Y*\1



8C7YDRDF\-G^(
0


MMAJ-WHEQIUS]E0M 8DEC=CN.
 E2!M^F3U_/9HH YZ\TK5+DW\H-F&NX(X_+

9



C'O70T4 9NJVU[=:
;6$
M6[W$BA79V9$'J1@

MFMVB@#!_LO4#(DA%LK1WYN5'F
05*LO/RCD9SCOZCK5[4K6YEGM;FS
9EMV)
M\N5BJNK#!&0#@^AP:T** 



\C!$499F. !ZT@

M4Y&1UH ?134=9$5T8


MI(W21 \;*ZGH5.0: '444P2(690PW+@L
]
T /HIDLB0Q/+*ZI&@+

MFG9&

M;@P.01ZYH\R
Q^8'7RP

MLTT8 Y)+#BG-+&I 9U!/0$T /HJ
31
0!*A)Z 

M&:=0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %0W-NMS%Y;O*JDY/ER


9V[ !G&/ESW/?O0!7\1/+%IR2P3R0LEQ#L
M(&X-(JD'CI@]L5JU0OM,^W6(M9;RX $@D,BA QPVX#[N, X[=A[YNJJ@%BQ

MQC!/'MWJG&(SJ!8EO
^UI\KL9/E\D\[0QS70+9N+5K9IV:
G .

$_NY'\^N

MPDFN(GVH554B*\G')RQ]* .=@A)N)DNB%1V(! !+G8OY9Y_4'%:U@P&G7;.A
M$N'

!3G;W&

M?2I9]

MK;230VUPSA%W21@$9_H

M)[X*\8Y X!]^M.U1?W



Q+/(-YP3DC.?\X%27%L
M\MS'*DOEE(W3ID_

MQ&LJPH8W!()RS8!_%?UJ:*R\JZ20/^ZBB

\]_NBDFL?


=C($R1&(N%X/1B




TENX8+Y
F_IG/RL
?^/4 06?EK

49-@!8CIR.HYZUG_
-)R\4C2%\N\;85B7YXW5O52%E)]D^SF5-


T;R*?

D9]* *$1$?AN.4
MHCC[.)9 PSN^7)/N?K5%[5(I9':VB8;HU*[%X).!_
5LK:;--CLOE=1$(F+9

'!;%:-W ;B)$#!=LB/G&?NL&_I3#;S&


 98^@IIL]RLK+;L'SNS%USU[U
M/%'L5=VUG VE@N
B@#'L3]BM;F:[CCD59W



M Q]/;*Z3MC;
97=D+T


M!PV
?3UQ5^F11B*)(P20BA03[4^@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *3('4BEK-NG475R'A(X%DX0$L26'I_LB@#0+H

M[;)9=\KJ@7=P=Q /'IC- &A39)$B0O(ZH@ZLQP!5&W3-XT!

M



O2

MQWK-28B-OE8





M[E1N7#
GK_*@#9R
XR


M!A\V6*/9+

7[?110!H.Z1@%



MG.
9^O%/) ZD#M6*8P+@Q

M#C/&[;GCTZT :8D0RF
.N\ 

J#+
%'3).*P?-@
SSQWB^6%P1

@&-@(&00.
X_6G*2^FZ
7)8EE)+ N3

$YRHP23CJ
C [=[VLI)









MVY7/E@#A??W/^?7
]% %6SMI86FDGE6265LDJNT  8 QD_\ ZR:2YL5FAE4
M?

?7'K]*I_V0-R?O$ #2N2(_F8

MCY&2?NY/!QWYK0HH J6MFUG$T

S&+ $8D&XIZ\]3^/YTUM-B/E 
X5.6&[_
M %G(;YO7GG\3ZU=I* *J6TRM=
TR[IF&TJF-@P!ZG)Z\_I43::T;1-93^0(E


*K_V6T<SW-O<
MLEU)_K)&0


M%.$[9SZU8S^M+0!4N;




B!0%4J!C'

^C?89)1O:/8TBKQGN0*OT4 5

.!
M][G/?H/SS5YDF


*FPQ
MDC.XJV-P]LX'_P!:KE% %2&S

MTCR&2


M=K9FO6DQB


MIR6W'D#USVH GL9O-$H+LSJ^&!SQP
=5';!_&J5JR36JM


M;+8G[7'(@1XBP


M\GG%FPQ+

\T4MT[
5GD+Q@

@/+CW/;\/SHM8[R&0PS&*:VX60\/]
8

?WH




MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
XMI_FBAD
MQNTA)7!<MG\]B.1WYQ4
_;\J .EH
MK$^VZC#=3V<\MJ;AE1K9E@8*P+88D;R3CO@]#[5M#.!D@GOB@!:*P-*MX=5










MUX!/X4YL[3M(!QP2
USVG:CJ*+IRW#03B[GF1GVLC+@.0
9/]WKV&!CO0!T5


M8


D]!5:QN7N





C9(//J:2^N[B#4M/AB
7E7+NC
WUY?WB3+!%%;2^



#K0!U-%


MFTNTFN?M)1TE.-S12O'O_P![:1N_'-6T540(BA548  P *@DO(X[Z&T97\R5








M-GT]1CTK4HH *IW.EVEU*\LT;%G4*V)&4$ Y&0#C(/0]15I&++DHR')X;&?T

Q0\[JA'H1R/?.#ZU+8VJVL3@(BO+(TLFP<%F.3]?KWJS3/
MP7WJ453]YB





M (;.

M5BB@#


^2!QCCWYH J1Z59QW G1'$
MF &/FO\ /@8!89PQXZG)J[110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %8%M=0Z9K.IG4IDM_M$BO#+*VU73:!M#'C((/'O6_


$

[
MC:!RN.._6NNJE;::+<*AN[F:)D<I4A2.G( 8_B30!S4%U*_A_3+G^T'47

8R2&
3M^4Y^\ <\4^\U
QW5Y#9:B



#

M#BG=* .3LK^*Y&E1R:P[+(9UD GF3!.2.0?3!'M2VFH07%M9B]U-XK4P
%
MG%P4W2!L?

MMS;E)O
+!U*(

$\L



M60Y4

DG@*03]?6M/PK''%I\T:-(76YF#AW9L?O&QU/'&#^.3UK;HH YC4[R





UUE% ')RW
M8C=%CU65;(WL:PR&;/F*5RRAVR64'OGN1GBM?0)XY8KN*.Y
X@N70%I3(RC/
M )))/?K6K10!SM\]FGB^$R7++*+*0[%G(.=R8 7..1DXQSC/:LB75&2PU-X-

MV@59D4O&RJ[1E@0'7&5]QD$?F* 




MZQ/;1P_)*S


M^S+(?


MC2]%%C=

YP.IPH)
M &1STYIDVJV4
BI)-]X [@C%5STW
4\<SE!C.
M00P!]^

#YL'@XSBLF?2=39;
MQ8TM
37D5PFZ=ONIMX/R=3L'YGTYLII
ZW=RR
L$
Z2!T25F5V;^+81A2.Y!



VW9YA*


U6&MZ=Y:N
MUR$#2^2%D1D;?_=VD @\CMWI\WVJ?2_]$VP7#(I4/T7ID=..
C../3M65'I&
MHPR.4^SNKWJW1WSN2 %4$9*G/(/_ -;I0!J#5K
VHN!(^UG
87RGWEAG*[
;

BR2:1-RIM!N0..W JJFG:E'.;E%M?
2YDD2
RMM='

M!TQ[@ OIK-DZ7#*9S]G8+*/LTF5)Z#&W)ZCIZBECU*S\NYF6[

K2M7WV
5]=W

\;BN%R4Y'

#.1C)&:QHM N1;Z=]IMM/NFM(/L[0S


Z(C.RKZD*#@57M--FMM5

*4EDVD?
3G !SQS
MC]10!HR:O8QRQQM/DR;=K*C
OS?=RP&!GMD\T1ZM:2122(TQ6.40M^XD!#GC







O !M
M6VHVMW*8H97[@C+N7U4D?



MD
TP8QHJEG;;U 4#.1CIC-1WEI?2R6MU$T!N('8^4S$(588(W8)SWSC\*@BT


DG
M''7G/3OBI8]9L98/.CDD:
XVL(7/F9SPO'S'@\#-9]IIFHVYL9=MJ9;:.:-D

P?:].8D+O/ER J5.3MR.#Z'% %BXU-



MVH W:*Q(?$'G7OEK93&V#.C3JCD*5SDGY-NW((R&)]JB7Q




T ;5%8=[KL]G




KYWXZDC QSD=^E4


M^6%[F$V4$S1%OO*?
S]XX QV_3- '2T5BZCK4UF)?L]DDJP6ZSR;Y?+^4D@!

L


M_A0!KT5BVFNR7#VN^R

=Q/)!\T@+*Z;NP&


ZD577KN-I-3)-M')$ML\S!
M7+.




N-QX/<GVQ
M6I10!E'0X_L4]DMW=):RHR$%
1ALYG;G&1@D@=N@H;0H9))&GN;B826ZV

MWF#++.84E

-D;'.2.


CE

_




*#P..OUS5VB@



M /\ 44-=1+(\?SLZ8W!4)QGIVH GHJO:W7VKYDAD6(J&21BN'!]

MKJ.U6-I Q$DBQC'JQP* )Z*0D*6( '))[56N+^WMX?,:16&5&%8$\D#^M %
MJBJ\-Y%.LA0DF,X91R1Z=/6AKR)94B(D#N5&P\@8S_
4 6**B692I9@8QG'



M3A&W%B




MWN4N Y4$*KE 3CYB/3^7X5/0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444


E/CB2($(N



B6I
BF4'









'9U3_ %C;



M
DGG.: 



UV&(BG3YYY5;ST#-


M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

M!GCI6K7/26K7WB&_C


+RIK


MXFF
 EDV%0X;;M.UB1R
9QBM8G )]*YS1M/%Y'(]R]Z(UO))EMIHO+3)D+*W




M5@\4CI 0\4*AO+!^=02
9P



R


S&PCY.W

MO)67-NTICA._8&(!QU3@_P!*ZV@ HKF_$$!FO2T=B[3QK$Z3B-W. ^2$(X4X



+Q\QX/ S2#6;$FW DD)N)#

8





M-O)=7.V86B33.R%1RHRP.
P%4=(OIKQ+A+N-8K
MB4JR+G 4C<I_(C\0: -&BLS^W]-$OEF=Q\K/O
+AHZMNQMQ[YQ3TUFRDME
MN$:9HWP4Q;R$N


MSP.E

'XY-0L+9XWMF@M;N:52LF69]S
MX4\?*/G!SDY!'%=510!@P:3?)IMDI-N+NSG:5%$C&-\[A@G:.&/8]*F.E3F


MIV#UZ^W/1T4 95OI]Q#JK7*[(HGW-(J2L1(3T^0C /3D'GTI;JRNUU*2[L_)

MAZ9[U-J%C=2ZA'=6QA.VWEA*R




M.@SM8Z4)H+&XFL8CT,Q+1. 



.*1BZN!'Y95LKQQSGG!JTFFW<.H64]M:6$$
$4JM%


12'J@)('XD _H*FHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@


P498@#U)H 6BHX9X9P
MQAE20*=K%&!P?3BE:1%=49U#OG:I/)QUQ0 ^BBF&6


M.%0L


%4=2QP!0CJX)1@
MP!()!SR.M #J*89$618V=0[@E5)Y..N/SI] !14?GQ X\U
[MF-P^]C./K3V
M8*I9B  

22+R(I%1B,(27!Q@?[(J^+<)%#%[1)%@!4 ^90
;3D'CZ8/%

[=@ SC'RY[GOWH CUM)#8L\274CJ#M2WE\L@_WB00


M]/D:98+:%7!!\M
$X) Y_.LFP0%8=T(=/L]J6 4 G[^.O7DCFMRWMGBL!;O(


JL0N
!$(YVRI(8$+SC(/O
MV_6J N'2*T^Q6P3;(T$89^&AL@^QV=?I6H([CR C3J9#]Z0)C\A4/V$?:+4


XJ\8 TXED;<4^XO9??Z^



M(PB%\\AGW''XKS69(59;M$&W+2.'../WA7C@GK[UM+!)]I\YI%)\LH!MQWSG

 ?WOTJEJ$A

?PJ]!;R0-/ME#B0AEW*

MO^\
\#*#TSW^IJ$:<1:O#NB.X-\QBYYS[^] H\Y


Y(RN[CV7Y3^=;VQTA6.
J


DJ2A6$QE(*Y!.TJ/R!_2G6UBUK
S13$I(2TBLH)9CW!&
?2@
M#
4S/?WB[KB1 0$.%PQ52?FPO3((_#WJ]IHBN);FZAQY
F(XV4\$+G)'XDC\

[363*



PF. 2
M5P
GOT_
5J$.MD5
10IPH



M


M2?7CZ=Z 
V$O'-(8VVAI8U(0J-N0#_=QT/ZTFLO*NH6:QO.PW
Y6(+E?W;8Q
MD=3\W7TJZ=/VJ#%

DL
L157CD+DL
Y^0K_6@


MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** FR.D4;22
%11EF)P /6G5F:V3_9UW^ZF(

2GU4\_-^



XI%='+
M!'5BIVM@YP?0U4FRVHVPDB3@


&J^EJIO/)$?S6[

MG&





#)[]J +8=2Q4


M(F599HT9B%4
P!)/84]G5
;V[C@9.,GTK$1WC9Y(R5$AA7D#;O.




M@-U93P!MIEC9

1R%#?*3ZD54_LMOM-S*;CY9IQ
$

RGK^%2VEH(%._8[^9(P;;C


M$O\ 9


M

5T







M _K^=7:* *

MYJU10!3@L?LL^ZVE*0MR\1&X


M)H ?14%I=PWL1E@9BH8J0R
C CJ 14] !114$UY;P7$%O+*JS3DB)#U; R




MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** L%DO'\2:@+&X@A;[-#N\V$R9YDQC##




KW$4

M3^= #?#19O#]BSSO
[0(S

JCN#ZY




MV1F-G$;IHFGV@2&(Y4MWQGM40TG3A;FW&GVH@+;C'Y*[2?7&

M9EC\S80 /N


MSEMEMI+2!X$QMB:
%1CI@=* 





M.1_$.
?SXVO[*TX




C '

MH$AB.5+=\9[51U\.;:U$3HDANXMK.NX [NXR
_G6H % @ #@ =J@N[SO=G




M6

].M$UH2KBU
4!E;

MN?.:2*9MT((7IT&!R#UY]15;Q/]H'AZ\-J&

S&:+[%Y?^\



MWGEFE


M6QC)R.N.



M \5K165K!)+)#;0QO


?
MH(SU]: 


M:M_9+;[5]J^SP_:



M_*!(P'0#KC].
5L55?3[5W5O(C5A*)LJ@!+_ -XG'7WJU0 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %95QK0@NKB V%Y)]F57D


M?TR__M23R6A

M@9&5(S^!H;3HC96,I.+!1()U@M




]34-U )-*ABN=


M:N7BL ^M2RW!OXY8Y0\)B@78T79=^S(&



+9;^9KJ-8
^;&=^S@

UO&X(*1G&!
M@\CG.!V! J+6;6*74=-FEL_/$;NPBWE?E./IR!SZXH V**Y+3[6/0QOTJ2




@CKTJ:YMY[A[KS;2=;^1U




MUTN*#5);%;.$66];Q
(N%;!7;CV(W _AVKH* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHK';4I[?5[R.\GMH[&VA28MY;!@&


GES%UC)5G6-BH88&-V


MR+Y^WRT
A9U95*#JP)&& ]1F@]16):ZQOU6_P#-GV4-NDJ[XC&4R6!SNY/

HR3D8 YH T**H_VM9_9Q-YK8+^6$\IM



MJN?.*$8!X#+N&&]C@@^].O-9L;%]EQ+)N&W.R%WQNX .T'!/8'K0!-]AMQ?F
M^Q)]H*;



N



M&(:%_D'JW'RC@\G H T:*HC5[$S2Q+/N
)(D948K'@9.Y@


M[ZVLO+%S*$
K;(Q@DL?0 =: +-%9
^I&8V4EE


17)4K\P
O:@#1HJDNJV;6\DWF.JQ
E+534K^/3K-KF5)'4$#(6)).!T%48=82._NENYCY68O*7R&!0..-PQD<]V

M.K


!G;GG'KBGT <Y)H=Z-
O[.W



1&9;7[44
S*
\*8R7]BI7.
$


M]\





M\(.
GKCWIZ:/_H+Q_P!FZ=!(V-PMV
88C.#N505.?8XYZUMT4 8UGIM]#=65



M/!XZC.







M\=#4$EG!+

MN5;N.U
O[_4/LNH1J\$

C!Y_#U[UH'1K'99H(G5;+_4!9
MG4)V['GCUSU/K2MI%D[71:.1C=8\W
S\XZ8YXQ[8H RI-1U&QFOWGEBN1&\
M




[DE1_#G.0OL.

KHJ

MP






Q1?+E5MS 9(&#R0.
M:J'5+A+Z2%[6(1)
X7<D)





%)-ZGC/7 Y'0CL: +U%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4


W;)IL&F/
M4KF^E%M)+*1Y3^1AXP!C&[)R.!TQWK1HH P4\//YUK++=AS$JJXR(K;6+*0


\Q\@1%%C1G1LGJ2RN
CCI

;CRHXV_=$$[1@G[W&1^5:-% &%%H%Q$J*M
M^G[J*..

5/;Z
]O.)5FA8OS
KP95CO+Y0;OE.6/KV[


?7G'T+[6*075U/*F-[A8\D


M&IWLEFL;1JC*&#3;OX8\@


M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%


-FQ@PV #(]/7MBI8M%2+&+RZ.U
M8E7.SY1'T_A[Y.?KVK4HH J65LT4EQ/*B)+.^2J.6  &!U Y/4\=^_6DAL3$

9(Q\N%^G7/2KE% &0OAVS6:&5BSO%&(B72
EP!@9.W(X_N




M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *


M0*3G&1G%1R:@J:E!9+&6

MR_





?*&P/Y&K$]P8I5CPI+*2
DY
MXQG@ ^H_.JC02:8D
MM&]PJH(YE7[[#.=X]222.^3ZGW(EDNHI8X9!LB;Y

DSNDT/E[X_+4MPRLHP

M@






M:47YE7/[PJ.









MV3GW%9]W97
Z82(G;(7E&_\ UJGAD&0.H_#CKZ %R_NYXM

M09YIT@5X[Z4W2K*[#0%@05 X.W^M %F_N_(\N
2%&/SL57)VCL!ZD\?C55

=STZ_3FJZZA-*



MQ'UIIMX6U.X+QRO^[&68
6\C1?E3+#UW#:I!Z<=:IWUI<2/((
MU8R2B4(=Y 4%0 ?;FK(39JL2_.Q(=R=AV@848STSQ0!#/J$J0ZDT:R
8@?+.



V]HB.05&/O=]U7(%E
H **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ J&[!:SG !)
;  =^*FHH Q[



M.I1!-



N/.._ +?+Y;]OQ_6K]% &2+:V
M6^N)&LRT1BCCR3R07SQCW%6=I_MG?LFP;?&[S/W?WNFWUYZU=HH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH


M01W'D



LN=P.1P

M3@
K1.&YZ84C)S@XP#GM0-7LBB



I8J;:1HO+8X!(95

_A3+C4[2
MUF$4TI5N

P7:B
MW#_9I()%+MA=Q4@@X^;&W';/M52WT2\@CL-LL2SVZ1Q//$[INC7^$IR'XXYQ


61V**%C9
MG+#J-@&[(QR





U1LM*U*UDLPS6LB0SS2










V*LVWVMOGNEBB.,.)RX^NX@?EC\^P EQ=00W%

/D[\ D4 7+N\





MG&:AN=

?-1-[HB
[*OJ0H.
M!2Z5%-%I\7VH[KEP'E.






'59KB

MYSN]!CWH WJ*PM&U.]O[M0\UH\/DB218HF#1.?X&);@CZ=N@IVJ7]S8ZF\QE

 ?3BI:P1=7D;W$%J+/[1;0)-
S1%1-G=@##



L



M-A(2





M2@#KJ:S*BEF(50
DDX K











R+0-.B

%L$'W]!ZE?0M/>U^S-',80P8+]HDXQT .[( X.!QD
M ]JTJ* ,\Z-8LT[-'(QG=7D)F


9SFD?2+*2.&-HY
0OYB$
M3.#N_O$@Y8^YS5ZB@#(N]'PL+%,M),)I%DNI5W''4.2I^@[8J2WTE#&ANO
M




C&03AL8&,YQVJ]10!7NK.\6
3J3Y;AT*L5*MZ
M@@@]S56+0M.AE26&W

MJ



M8-U?^7833V&I3&/[%*\[O
6
4PV[!\V=C$DC:

M=7TQ)POGEB7^;)&#TQMR!QSTYJY;3))K5W!;7TUQY%K'+;PFY;[_ 
W'7+#[



M*)+_ *R%2NUN

MYIKS7$&F![?68[FTEF023JLC!&SEO

\

]U/!*A1YMP=E'



T\4QQ%BX8NBA
M/XD;J

B21L
JZ
#]*DHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#-U*^O;




CR!X-P0[





MWH CL]1^U8



GC\ZBC

[@Y*@[Y2$





X/'ITIM];QS;&M;8

6@AFCEP2P:(@#MP1\H&
  'TH CN;^5K3




Y.._;



J2

22#]!DC\J ':E=RV\


BM S2?:58'9_ '4]?H

ML@




MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HK!BU2811!Y=[
MOL&0RC=G/.,=./IGBMQGFDBN'8F0K)A!\O3:.

COF-N&-RBX+9





M\WY'I5B_ENK:VGN(Y(2L2%PC1G)P

M'%44U9_


=Q


M=7
DB6P#&6W?$[';\XV _09+#\C0!JT5G7%\S64;1JZ&9S&&#)E
9Y^8@9P#

M*V]Q/*LKHLK@8 X .



$ D'C(/%
M;B0

M))KZ).%CQ-D YW;64 _D30!H45BIJ


M RMN# J&ST_VJ +5%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4R5RD3


/9

89A\/I%Y



M7R;:8OO4?= PNX;NI]

M



$
...1U[T /BUFPE%N4F;%R7$9:)U!*9W DC@C


![$U-:WL%V9%A9MT9 971D89Z'# '
M!]:RTTJ\;0WTB5K=85@\F.=269@!@90@ =L\G-6])L19HQ-C8VDC !OLB\/C

S
WH%4$G
MH3^%5_[:T\K$5N-QFC


=ZJS?



M

4
A+A=P!1EW+ZJ2/
MF'N
BJ
NE3-JAN(F6.7=YQ25OW@V[0A&W/3YL@\8HT/2/[-1%DL[!)(T\O
M[1 F'E'JWRC'3GDT 7[R^M[)09V8$@D*B





E:FAZ1_9J(LEG8))&GE_:($P\

MXI58[Y!M90&&



TK6=A*KS-.MRR_OD


2
94 \$G&*E%];FZ:V#DR+@'Y#M!QG&[&
XYQG.*Q!H-TMGY:F/

[ZB)T=8@XQ.Z2
/-&W;AH\;2?]K((P
M!0!/-KMC%;3S!Y'$



M

N EJMS*\&Z/SFV*L;EOO
M;
DDG'3CW[@&[%



N^


M*CTH T:*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

MQO:VD;7=PAFE7]U'AVP

@@ @K[_KQKT %
EEC@B:6:18






?CVK




M
 1A9&Z9'.1GT%31ZGJDE^T
-FL\


M[_[2OEU&9;2.6WNA971MI4H&&$!R6YQC/O[4 ;=
CD252T;JZ@E25.1D'!


*8L[;FP\;[3@<9'([_P N
M=;2[LW^EVMVRA&GB60J.@)&: +=%1S&187




J*68A5 R23@FP00H)G5Y
?
RKM!/L

S3#4+3R0N#&_RC=GJ




^:_SJ.@;GY_\ @6:EN[V.S
 D60^=*L2[5R 3ZGL*

4

66)G:X $@:5R#@Y
M&!G (QP1R*632;.6!(9$D81MO5S
_F*?4/G=[=:O44 8EUHHB\L:=;Q*F]WD
M7[3) S

MN9#)
J.R[V/4D@YYQ3+?6[YV*27
@+1[X)$\S S\NX#=P.U6K*ZCO;2*YB

MW.'

'16'1AF@#.CT'3XO
M)V)
/)E
_P Y

MKR/(VR.-



M'3^*M&D+ $ D#)P
]Z 

M\N7S'E$Q;SY
[P






MG&/7H: +=9\^BV-R]PTJ2L;D 2XGD 8#IP&X_MB@#-ET+3YO/\U)V^T($E
M!N9

M171[%9A*(3N61I0#(Q4

M^F*OT4 




MU50W





MIQKZ))(_VQ5F::T64VF9]Y9=JDX8YW $D9YK5I#R
X]Z .2TZZD?[

MSZ@MW*CQ-*3NB#.




M=1;F_

8 P!P





MJ(=HQP

^\A 3GD'.._05' WG_V4UW+

M&X?Q9QG'3CM** .1DE\EM+A?7?/AN+IES%*4#(4/&XL6.&QSN_BQZ5U
+Q'=
M%%('
6%8;]Q4XZ'OG&.M2T4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 9NI7
MU[9AI(K.WDB!509+DHS

M=J
'R(V
KG(Y(&%&.O4Y_P BI)9)/+N MM*Q0?+@K^\X_AY_#G% :==B_T

=Z 
I;^X:SDP
/YCHLC8(!\S:

M#GG\LU?TNU$5DUN\!@ES^]9!@.3R2I';D^X]J (1J%RU[*?D$$(V$+N(9NI.

UV9C!APV\.& 7(C].N







MK=R37*[YG/[QD$:F
*0._7/Y&G7-_)'J\%JD4GSQ2-MRF&P4 /7MDTD23Q3V

%W9PI]




M1D\KCO3K*X)) %U*_EY8/&R*,84;@.3D]ZKM:2ML9MWRT+Q*K2 [0V
YP
M#H.YH O6TD\AN4
L3
CX!&6VDC.,#H*@M[V6Y
7E3QXE4LA-JX! ]RU+I/



M6PS1_


E
M0AV&
DC(&.3CIVJ.*U5-4E00_N#:HG(^4_
^1[]?UH ENI9;6S'S&21FV[_E





MU]\#%.U&&2X7_10PNOR.WQCG/;O_A4$;K'=
);&X5'B2$1^5O VENXR
?


M[]X 8U01HP) R22W'+#LO\Z9IUT\\B

MD78@'+!58?ARYY/I4EG%+;W



WE;W?C!.0. /K6;IUM





M*T69QA\GMCCMW-3444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%



=ZC
]B8RAE$H@(VJQR?EW<GD\Y';\63:%/<W$LL]ZGSQ1*OEP%2KQM


<Y X/) ![9J*36UBB$LM


F!ST'2KB6<ME=O?W5P)H_LR6[QQ6
MK%C@GD %CU8\8/'TH NPWGG7'E4#RED
A*E1GHO!SG\






\\\QOD21VCDB*0X\MT&


%5I7!(*@%

\
M%RUQ#
L. K

(
X4X(SG;G\?3U%2S6-U*]K
;N
3P
N.:KV
MN@W5N+!?M\3)9V[P#%MRP;'/+$?PKV]?7B1- 6<D$<T<1:X2=1%$5C0JP(

M1W265 J_+]X8SD'OTQ[U VAS-?Q7C7JM+#
TD;O#E@&4KMSNQCGL!T[GFB+0

M4K!$WF







MG[WZ?K0!=EN@EBUU'&TH$?F*JD L
9[UB0ZO.+E+N:[97L1,;9-IX/+#G'

M2@!]YXETVRFCCFE'S*K
=Z#8&Z$@D$_@#[U8UV62#29IX;EK=H@&WJ%/'?[P
M(Q4-KI5U:3+)%?(-T2QS+Y'#%1@

M

MC$.ORLV
9!.X]1R 1ZU8U*RFU#1Y;(SQQR31['E$1(YZD+NX_/\ .H[;3;JV
2\@P(Y<*^1USP5
M]AUZU937(WN8XEM+DQR



M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ I








AB=&=Y
'H



1CY?F'9L
M!FQ]



\' QDDXP.M7FN]12^U%XV2:.**(QPK$2PSGG[W..

MJXP


MSMUK&I01:B6CMXI+:SCN5C=VTG=N5B&P?N\$8Z]ZEN-4U-[ME2V6*V:(\A


M8'.!U(QCIW[5:MM5U2\NV-M8*UF))(M[E5P5) .=Y.
CIL[]3W -VFAU9F4

^@H UZ9++'!$
MTLTBQQH


M^6FTD +Z8Z?X4FG7T6HV:W4*R*C



%ZT+3AR87WIMD9
-Z\$9_&
MJPT.P  3X$WG_\ 'S)]_P!?O5I44 9ZZ3:V[:V@W3Q[C$))GV@M@D=\#('
PH 7[%;_;%NQ&!

=.Y_

M#R[I7.6'0C)^4CC&
8P/2IY+R..^AM&5_
E5F4A?EP.O/KSTJS0!%!!';Q[(

M))8L2?4D\D^YJ%=

M-IMM.\;NL@DC7:KI
ZL1Z$@@D?7--&E68N)9PD@DE #$3/CCI@9P
=L5=HH
A .#C)
MQGI41T#3O+EC$,BI*%#JL\BC_=  ;C'M6G10!G3:%IMP[M-;E_
V[U:1MKD

M(4^ZI=FQ[9))JK/H.GW$DLDJ3EI761\7
B@L.AP&[=OH*TJ* *MKI]O9S3RP



M.'2[.%I#'$P63.Z
R
4YZX0G:

M=*O44 9TFB6
MNL+I*5$@DS]HDW%AT);=DX[9/&*?=:18WDKRSP;FD38^'8!
MU'0

MW


MYCZK):R370C9Q?1
99



MZ=*WJ* .:O+Q4UU/*N;@


YX!/2JVG7#R_9HTU*X

 ##8ZX'M76GD$9Q[U2T_3AI]I);QW
\@=V??)LW*6

MR_O!(AA$@VNVTXSWSG'YUT6FV2Z=9I:I+)*B9PTFW/TX JU0!S5G=0-ILES-


M:.:16LMK;FCR0O!?&
;3N_CUKIJ* ,?4KJ+7M.CDF5'

#\#^5


M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%

[
S$#J'&.3Z'@9J]

MC@W[@$+S$97N?NG!ZXZ^OM0 FF7$]Q!)]J6



6V.ZEE

&=5#

MM.W=C&UF/.[TH 9J-[*=

?R_*G:=!=6?93'YL<:G;+N&922




X]Z (M(N)[K3HI[AHF:3+*T2E59


_7-6K&=9)$=_M33
%]
MV0HR
_='';TS39=



\?SY((!RIX


MCM4X^N6Q4-O9R^;


%%D!4G=Z
M\8''7\*;#!



M$FMHHI459G*$E


LJYXC5

+NR!\H (P3GO^6+
M]FLOGW


M221UR2

MS2-%QN168R=#QN'/7%51=SS&WC#S2
SJ6D(
:$ G/09'S #'O^6B+86]J5BB
M:1VA@)22.

M4*2?E/3K423E+N[RLLFW;M503_#T'85+;&6.W5&MMAC^0*K @@=/:FQ5+B


$(6SE@-I]





K;[(8P[F0





MEM[&V#1*DRPHKD 9R 






MUS[4 :%%9FH75W#(RQQ
(RT:1L IR2WS=_3V]:FBGN#=E3$YA?&



MBLF6]E:1(_/$88-N9-@*D?4D=?6M&V?S+:-_F.5!RQ!)]^./RH EHK/T^ZEG


]NHV.4C*A1Z9&345W-<






M-U+YWVIHED4PAD.

M.

#;MVH3R?RS6G10!C
MQ6TZ-(\2L\0
K8'RER[9X!ZX'K@'-7893'8PA(Y&?8%5NTY QSZ?YZU;HH
MRVM9[*.X@7SYT+-

ME5^B@#$2T$)C(BNY=JHK@C[P3)7C/7)'/M5^^1KJRE@19$:1
*X RC8X/7J#

M-A:S/*)'(2.*ZFDVE3DDE@.?3#&G^3+#J%U*69HY65EBB4[F(4#D] ./_KUI
MT4 4+.*X@NI&E16%R3([*?\ 5D  +[C Z^H/K3+NR@-U9;;=


]ZA2W:UD2#9*Z);(@

MGWK7HH HA9(;

(94\L
M1RD%F((Y4$8XKI:* 


M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#)


+;W!N/




MAURWGEA58;@)+





D6S\Q
MD\_YQ0!7O=6BLY)%

\HA0/

MJ 

1SH8]Q.!@

M)A-&T



.

MA$(71X]ZL@)([C!&3S[]* &?VTDDTT=K9W=T80I8QJJC##((W

_A4MIJ:W:
MVC1VTX6YC

ME)H]HL!N9T#K'/(7B1U*E%/)&#R
L6///- $]Y?K:R)$L
MQ.ZEUBBV[BHQD
M_


0W1A\W3]?:HIO$%OMXYMKMHK-BLT@C&%( /0G

MN)8XS'OD5
*%?HV21D?3-2-IUR+BVN8;M$GCB\J7



CONW'(


M#9XW9P0

M\!%^:
_Q#)[8/!P?8U8CU*.:X


4L@JQ==N!N&0



M]LTS^PY1DW@


M3=C[++(TOE-%EE9CDX;/0G)QCOUH FT[4(]1@$T44JQ
 R

MY$D

&9TGC:1)1MV?*<,N=W4$CVY]*@NO$]C9QQ-=+)[H)#$[QAT0



5HOJ-VDU];O):)) (G61PP


F[G-16
M.K7&J0V]N(X%EE25I3)&=I5'V$;01GWZ=\T ;L<B2H'C=70]&4Y!IU8GATR




M.1UD171@RL
AE.017




MV^L7@^PR7*P&*X\R-EC4[@Z*Q+ D]#L/&.



M=V






MY(8=X60D# '/2J5_K%];3:F52V$-C#'.
AF9U.[(ZC!^7CKCWSP ;]%4-:MI



Q))X;W/YFIET
MNS6Y:X6)@[$L0)&V[CU8+G ;WQFKE
CE27?Y;!MC%6QV(ZB@DFBV6#V(A9








M
4VV=UDD'VB3EEZ'[W&..GH/05J4V0N$)C56?' 8X!_'!H JC3+479N51UE)
M!;;*X5B!@%ESAC[D=A20Z590!UBB*H_5/



M&0^=PXXZ].*O44 4DTJTCNXKI5E\Z)#&K&=S\IZY!.#GKD]\&HTT.P2W\A8Y

W
IW
MJO0'YO\ .3ZFM*JFEWW]H6IF
+0E9'C*


M.%8Y56-BR,)Y ZD]<-NW 'TS3I-&L9)EE,<BLL1A7RYG0!#U& 0/_P!0/:K]
M% $%G:PV5K';6ZLL48VHK.6P/3))-VD*6S6Z*R1L6)V.5.6)).0<@Y).<U/



MMLU^LD4+0G9



MUBV-NB_V;OLKW(NYUE:2WE)
1W[0Q(R5)*'GCKGH:[.B@#CK**.1]/CGL[TQ



M+:*&YTRT


MGBNLHH Y#5-/=&U61[.62YEL(PDUO$Q9I1N!P5YZ[


#V\033







!A
/+):PM;L
MUM*?W@W?=R.-R_3GWKLJ* .0U6&WOM2D\^V:2)I(9#--:R.T2@*Q4 (0 1U
M#%2

H^78SHG!PS*OWA[8QD@\8S5AM
M7N&G*R;FY9
M1


MJ$1VF#?G&_&


;3CG/(Z



F\[#D .P!^H!P?QS0!7L8HK.-%\GRYKIVEDV1G&\\


M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% &7JDVHVZF6VFM50LJ1QO SLS
M



GEE^WL@E=8U9#M
M7'/!./Q('X9IMI-

MB

0R)U(\X+EE*PV]#D$T +K5V\




MX[$@?TK+:PNP
^6H'V8H0LA;+DKUS]#0!H0S-%#-+/(T@
C!%P
X'&!CJ203

$_P 7\ ^F1C/7 ]:N6\4UN)Y)6$KRR;@L:X X '4^


S_ -GW
M$JW44C*KE9(UP%('U/0U6%K=&QC@6)=DJN-SXX$F[& /05:GCFN;2:2-$$
MGR?*^?E/4]!SU_2@D;B:9HE\R1U)*R;688('JJC%.O[MX?#4ES!M^SDJWF





KCDL0?+_ ZF@MH



M/FF
.5CR





MZU1MK&Y GN85\BY$[&


M* .26.2?P!Y]


1AX50K-N'&!V]: *KW


R10ACMW@O


GFR
M83)C(RV


%P)V^7YAM!/MR2!^?I5VY-Q;&6.(Y#LFTD?P


MY)MXA

M07(VJN-W) ')^E &I14


JB1L'+$]

 
\]
M=Z +M%9$U]*9EB
M T5GZ-=2W=O
TS;F6




M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#.N[?.JV$RHS$.V6Z[1L;\N:?:L9-4NW\MU4
M1QIEE(R07)QZ]15ZB@G=(UX1;@$0A@96(^\!_/ZGTX^E1H]VKP11^?LBD
MS*RD(@V
HPW0Y)SC/&.U:]% &//'-]KCN9()!%YGF$)DN
(5QA?KGBHM(;%T
MD!BFVPVPC+O%(JD]_O #MV]:W:* 

Q(R
9X%63R
4M% %2W62TL?)$32F!-J!2
R #CK@

YD&UYMH^BCIGWY/YU:HH @N9) IC@&9F'
MRDCA?<_X=ZJJCZ6(TBBDFMB%0[?F=&  W8[@]_3KWXT:* *-U)</O5()!IP


0!C/MFH;*$0ZO


M\I8R.6R ?3ISC.35F^B^U:4A 8JJA@C*0Q(Z9'M_/%:=% &/-;
)8I[:!_LT

QH9-
$+VL
M3SPJ@BEC4Y? Z.

M+=QW4:

M&;:P36=PJK;B2&4?

V]V55:/:1
M@8# X&W!_3H*W** 
J
HSW]*N4M% &/=VSR7\=TBG
MS8YMR)MY8-T&3V&7)SZ5-91R6]S'#*LA*VX02=5?'4Y['GH16E10!CBT1+N
MX+0&:9L


M!A&TWV$48L'9DE4Y(7E1)D]3GI6M:!51E2V-NH;H0HW9YSP34]% !1110 44






?.4R3^&:9;V.

M9)(_.560JP&QF4-S_NYZ5:NKJ9885C1HI9Y3$IDQE3AB&P
@].GOVJA)I[6F


M-:E9T6GM;QP

X&&_[YSDY''TJ(AG\-SX1PSP2$*RD-SDCCKGGI2W.FO*L
MI

0#1LZ[-W!*L5ZX]O2F3WKP37S9#)!;
M+*J=
GY\\_\  14






+.SQ%8ODSSM['ZFI4&-1A\J






M3GH.^*D@21M


L)\TH1+W ?:W3]/PH$.R-Y$DSVY0F-V


O2M'_2_M=OM*W\L^:I7G=QC!_.

M?(7=CC;G!(^AY]
5925Y+=3+:NC./FCRIQ[9SBJEK!+!Y D267[/#L5N
L3U

T1




M4'L[12J2([S(B$!3G+#/&?3-7H9C+@B-A&R[@Q(Y_(UG:K;3/ TS;6??&%0
MG8/
7./RY/M5JVM;B&:0/-&]L^3Y7E_=)]#GI[?_ *J (YKMY9U^RRH(X3ER

?\ CM3:7N

M0RSJ9 A5AC*;E3C[O!!+8P3V&:EM;M9!(SW

MFR

M(D?GB

&W

M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!
MFZC:F[N$

M* 
_68)KBS6..$3QF0&:$D R)W SQG..OH:-%@GMK1XY4
48D/D1
06BCP
*

43[70Q#]WN=W) '.

M4


M2BTCE0@B%
JPP00!U%7** 
*2W::VB$44CR;L2;25^0/NZY SZ?6K6(+G39H



MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH


MZD!3Q^- $HO775I5DG3[(+99E^7&

M[ISTK+ET:_ND:*86J1M9I!D2



?.?R[

9BJDH



AC
$EL55EQP=S $-GWZ=N]:THD

9(K-
MCTW59-&&E3?9((FC


M+6DJP7DMPQW



MB
/7%

MQO$J
C#/3Y2 3GMQS5.ZTJ]NKS4B3!%#=0QI&ZR%F4H6()7:!@[N1GM[TR^T





EI]ECG53 P
M9
LP8L


+VJP





_F*JZ;-
M=RR72W4D



3C)Q\O7H
U;E


C)7ISUSGC!U-
M.M;J#4=1GG6$1W
BNFQRQ&$\@J/[N?QH T:*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHI* %HKGDUN\:PGD;R8[N'8TEO)ZE 6P1R?F]G'!
M]*LS:G=17=Q;XA9O/BBA8J0%WC.6YYQ@],9XZ4 ;%%9,EUJW$-ANM1=R(\G
MF^6Q3:I4?=W Y.[U.



HD8A@VX;O\ 8&#GCWQ4.MP0FV\2



MJ^BW5S;:;H8


8Z=^U '445S[:O?/JT=K$]JF;AHW@:
M


0*590$9@
9(/W3SQV&.



MY;_5+7

MFT^8^
YRP'&1QQZ9I%U+6!/96\]I# UQ
^0 ;]%<[

+
K-&VW.-X.#UQG\ZM:??WERZ02O;BYBE=;E5B; 5
..HX.#0!HU
M;FW6Y6V


@NZ.)3\I5V7[Q//3T% &I111

MDV

M'G\YXRS88 %VVC.02%S@'!(SC.#BF3:/93P/#(LS)(P9O](D!

M'H!0!5ET:PG)\Z%I-T8B;?*YWJ.F[GYB
GDY-1OH&FN)E

@29!&Z+/(JE1T




M'I-E'81V*Q

@HC2
V



Q



M 
6#YKY9?[K<_
/][--GT/3;B21YK8/YK!W0LV

RC
A2)UWAA@2N

M\8?RW$B9[


A/Y]#VS5B@I_9]LMV;I8LS9+#+G:&QC(7H#CC(&:=9VQ@

%#D$$
M@9P






.
M[ =$*E6Q]5)'X$59BC2*)(XUVHBA5'H!TH YW2)+FXU1I)M359DED66R*-NV



M














.@;.[).#Z]J[*B@#D=0N;#^P7EAU220O);^8)9]WEL)

L




MW$=P&;Z ]:CTI)8]+M8YXC%(D2JR%@2 !VXK+U&QO)9=4@6W\^._CQ3;E



'@@#/0]1]:M:K=R6


M%IMO&VG












M$6Y
TEE/;W'EB-VENC


*W^T22Q%4C^7[QZ

J@(?0G
M/!Y%9CV]_P#:[6:W@EC+&


MG_4NLA99#C.W)48;&#CGOZ5)::BQM);C4%M[-$D9
^?N7Y25R20N.14$MHVI

@?TJM'9ZE!!8SS0I=3V]Q



MU#&)B!'ND WD]


5CJ%H())P3#)'+YD;X&


?O
.PXJO=VE[K%U$\D#64%
MNKE-[J9&D92H/RD@ 9)ZY- &A+JMC';7$XNX&2WXD(E7Y3Z'G@YXJKI^KH\2
M37E]IXCN



M6



@CUQ]*U%N[=[AK=;B)IU&6B#@L!ZD=:R[S3_ +(+-=/LI)0+
MH33


M+=(UK+/IZ6UO:V4MO
3
H&



MY!'J#7-RZ8V+:XATBY$WVF.27SKE974+G.SGMZ')[@8KIZ (/M$:M(9+B':
M&@9P5)['GK^5.@N(;E]O-'*@)4LC!AD=1Q7,7FF7+F_:.S+)J$5Q& 8L$
M+MWL
MP3M;W.[ZXU])BN([[5&FMGA2:X$D;
RD
-BKV)Q]W//J* -6BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***:Y8(Q0 MC@$X!/UH =16'




9(;


M-@

 \\'
M@XZ=N








M .=H4\8/K^&.:UI2ZQL8U5G .T





M(;+2K=K5G



=.1[TZ;7I[8I$UA)/
L:O
(!)(!NS]TA




MO_.\E8O-)1CLW[M^W.-O^SUXQ0!L45BG7PJHLD

WG-#*LLVU$88. V.200



8+RQN291URW YR3ZX]:75+BZDN

' X


B\

&8Y^ZZA2
DGU!/'%;=
GR^[?F?;&S10
M!FR\Z^M7EBE/V($+/(5S+D#LO;OR!R!@5IT4E &9_8<0$2QW5S&L=PUPJJ5
M(W$DXY4\99O?GKP
-&A* O\ Q

MFGT4 9MYHT5V;D_:;B+[3MWB


'(V^F1QCK
MZ\TZ+2XX+B:2*XG2.9B[P!ALW'JPXR




GJ/KD\TZ#1((4LE\^X?['&



G:I8_D.30!CMX:MVM6M_


GG\\U*FD)

&7]ZHSC=D8[GD8ZU9MK^VNY7C@D+
@!/RD @]P2




M. /UYIMWID=U
\OGS1


J?9_LY1B@

M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%(0",@]J .8L;.[U$Q[8([:+4991
')
MD^69C@+MP
]


T
MC0X993N92
L.@ &[ !RW45GP7MZ=L8].N9 PT^,P_9HA*6EP5VOE3M7(QGC
MD-D\5U,ME:3+&LMMXB_U8:


2)$2&ZEAE9794AC
HXZ\#FK$UM!<%#/#'*4.Y-



@]&XY_&D
M_LZQ^R?9/L=O]F!SY/E+LSU^[C% '






MDN$$?F




96W29A4[SZGCD\G\Z *
MMM=W']K20W+2!'9A#@(T3 9X!'S!O4'TXJ._N[E[Z\MX;K[)]EMUF0[5(D)W
M9SD?=&T=
'GK6HEI;1S&:.WB64C:75 &(]


LD85TE!4

JQG*!T#!3[9Z42V5K--



MCC-/^QVINA=?9H?M &WS=@WX]
]: 




L*@J#



E7C( 7![\'@X_6M.*RM(1
M*(K6&





M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %4KW4DM)DA$$T\C(TA6(+\
.Y




M.
'G@T 7KK59XM5


MYVBW=1O58Q]V








M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 


M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 


)8T;?$TG#
%X523SGWQCO0!HT5F6NIA+)9KV7)9VE+
M:2


D;;25&3Z9';(/\J
M+M%8=GJT\YCQ/:7$7FJK30H0C J3@?



MV+$D9QMQN/TQVJM9:S#);69NGSW*3MC;8&;H
<9_3M0!HT4
MR*198DD0AE8 @@Y!K-UG4WT]XE5X8@R/(9)\[3MP=@.1@D$G//W3P: -6BF1

M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11

H#'Z]_6K36-I9L!+*J&/RS(Y'<Y(/)Y

6&W




&)

G 'X5
MN44 8T_ANUN26N9Y9Y/



M




BJS
 V


M(/(R



M9?$$8AG:.TG\R..5E5MH#&-]C#.[L
M-.H **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB


Z


2

M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4



M





MW
1@D#L.@IVEWFK3W=TXEC


L8;A


M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!DQ:R\E\L2VN86N&MM

FLR*RO1JHG-N4G




M$K6+12A2K287COU!S0!&=0GBFN]\9*)( 



G<\XJ:RNWF+R2 A3'&X11NVE@<


M2



06/;\^]OG!XQQCN




1SP#
M5:XMI%:#]S
Q!

MZ[AF;#QH9ABWBD3KCCDY&



EM!&Q4R
QPS)&2 
$Y// X]:RH=5OE):1'VB


W4'] ]?W)WBU@G2*4D%Y#C
M]VOX]ST'YTZVU*WFF^SM(B7(SF/=UQW7U'(_/FH-58-8W4$*S;VC8!$@8AB0

M
&?RQ&(]S8!!#$\#.?0?J*I^1
9UVPR[?M)!.!MV9/;KBIM-AG.SS(T2W\G8


G'3(K+:


<
MX'&* &B\NRC-$L^<D

MVF78^R*Y+G;$V2/(V_*N







6OGHY;9(
MZ_

MJH& A]

ML
$^PQD#ZGVI;.2?+6EU$Y
8P)L K*O8_7U% 23W U&(* C1R


M



MZ]ZETE67380ZE203AA@C))Z4 7**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **

MI% %VBBB@ HK.^VO+]E*XC#W+Q






M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#%U!2;MY_+F7*^4#Y98';R#@ G!+$9]JL::-D




M:V:*6&0
]S



M+?D:WJ* 



9#*OSNHVA<9*C'W<\'N?QADTS4'L




M*5ROR_

'H=OZU8TVQN;34+IW$7V=TC2
B0E_D&.05[_ %- $TVJ0PZK#I[)



M-A;2$!2UJN/




Y!X 3&
M

MR7_=&*2.9BHQG(((!YSVQS0!5U#5!+=V5G:7$T8NXVD6XA@

ML.N



[?=7
M;P?DZ_(/S/IS*VB3NU[&CK!;W4$B
B2
RL[_ 



X.


MC[

@=1G!/?'(!H'5[(6XF\R0J21M6%RXQUR@&X8[\
M58%S$UJ+E&

9X Y/X5DW^EW-_-;7=Q:6$TL(=#;3
7C*MCD
4Z
MC;_=[X]ZU8XVM[



MGW
EE$T'DRL6CD4[?FR4^5LCT/UJQ+H*F_$WV'39X7B6






 6Z9&6.(EMI!3DD#/3T_PJG?
MZ;J=PU\(H[3;//#(A:9@0(RIY^0\G:/S]N0#8M;R\\SR&)
3;'5D*E3C/0@
M'H0:R=2UW;'=+:EXGM+B*.5I(6VD
R@X)X'#?Y'-7=.M;J#4=1GG6$1W
BNF


]?:M;3K5+2W*):VUKN.XQVP^4' [X&3
MQUP* +=%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%8.C6
6 7(

P8$E3TP?E///;KGA]_J6I
7@GOB@

MC.W.1NQGI3[O5=2B:]98;:-+18GV




3S/+WKOQ

M5KSR+R6/R
C:AJ-\ZR7%EY=K+$)(Y 5



<\<4;*T;]HV8MP1[@=#P*FD


M N



MJK1





@'?/&.-PX/-:']I7A2
MZC
MI'+;W0A

M-?@4 :]%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 4I=*LY
M+DW!C=)6(+F*5XP_^\%(#?CFEN=



1LLSJ 

MN

MH06*(TN]@\JP_(N[#

K8)R0203U

J*CEYY&R%^[U;J.QZ\


M3^1]LT^@ JF^EV4BR*\ (DF6=OF/+C&#U]AQT_
T76IVMI=0VTQE$LYQ&%A=

WE[H6.R/RN97^9/[K<_
/9LTZZ

\Q0CJ7;:P!R
KG&1ZXS5^D+ $ D#)P
]Z *\%C;6]Q)/#$$DD
M #$$XX&!QT'  X]!Z4MS9P7;1-.A8Q

M4K:RFCBF\\O(5$=O))G'7[JFIK6Z@O(%GMI!)&V0/4=0?0^U $=[86]^L8








M+_I$@W


S.YSMQM(YX(P.1S6A10!




Y*[B21WY'3CTQ2VVDAXI$OD)CD&&
MA:[EN!D'(8



Y=$L%:%DCD0P.SQ[9W&3ST//X]N.E3V%A;Z
M=T-JKJC
7(:1GY/7EB:M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%






8QM?D


MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
WK[T[3(%@2)6L3%*%(:3\=^H.: (

#+80-W;_:':K-G

'&8^#C[HQ_6L^:QEEN3+$2
*-A.795E.1

M+%EQSNR-OZ!JN3.R1


MH]+WK
#


2E CH[
S#H




2
1L
GYB!V/O^E
U2
75K!-M8HL

%
MC=(_O(0
!L=QC /T'O0 ^YN9(KH0K


MP&Y &#T[4 /DNYTDO D7F^0$*HOWF!&2![^E2PRROJ-S&Q_=(D948Z$[L_R%


\[1E$VB-)%=)-P8
6]O\ 9JK:

M?S+5&W

M2W;KTQ67)9QQ21

M$R7&$*XPOUSQ0!+I5\]T$
K
6DB$@7Y2$'U')//H.E)'J3HMTTL3MY*F8\@8

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
VZ&T$DTLC,GE1%RE<;CG=MP
CG)ZCK
M573-7


)_
H7_V%0PM+FYRK,1H.T#J
,[<9SR1VH NT5F/K,:SW, M;AI8!&VT
M%/W@<X7;EO7UQ44NO6Y@OG:VO!!:%HYI%3& #P =W1NN/?(ZT ;%%8=UKTE
MM+?JMA



M81




MG\
9YYQ4


M@(NYX@4+J.Y/S8]^M0OK
:SW

MW?17+7




'G%2:GJ
EC+9QQVLDYN9?+^0
MJ

%'ZU4?1+AY;R4WRJ\TZW$3)#CRF4!1G+'<
M
  ]._3MM44 9LNG7

MPG0 =.6T+VY4

MODG'(ZC'XU8M=/N+2YE:.\W6\K^8T;Q L&[X;. #Z8[G&*T:* 
[5--;43&#

7*3RRH_D';MD



M:5% %/4K(WUJL0E\MDE256*[N58

CCTJHVBR%YX_MG^AW$@EDB




M4G]!@8D@TVZM5GBM[Q!!(SNJ/#N*
Q)/.X97)/&
^]:E% &/!HT]O86$45X@
MN+$;4E
)VLN
$





MG':M6B@#+ETR[N+'R+B_!EC=7AE2';M*D$%AD[NG.



M^@/0_H?RH DHI*6@ HJ.2:.(@22(A;IN.

HXSR0
#\:
M +%%1M*B2)&QPSY(X].M GB+!1*A9N -PR: )**BN)X[:!YIFVQH



;(H5F[D#.!^I_.
MH)=.@E!WN


MRPQGR6$
[2(I8@LY#L$]

CGV;Y)
E %@R6UC%![Q
MPJQ$42] 3V _*K%0FW5DB64F4QD
&;&21T/%34 9.MS&#RY5&7B227&2.  .






M_P![U^G2I8[011&*.614+$@;LE1Z GH* 

MY5O6;B:SB;?ORNP&,GH?3O3!8Q*S;R!DV?*2#U)SGKGGK4T
200I%&

XC9B=N






DT+

M+C:TSXZ_2I;^5FT6_D#R[E5E^?:I'IBK7]FV_G1?
7$8B 21E  )(Z'WI7


\&F





MNC_QZ@#0N)X[:!YIFVQH




2J%#3#)*L1R1]* +22I(Q56R0H
M;IV/3^5$D\43!9)40D9 9@:RO/O)[FS9/)AGF@:38V3E05RI_[ZZ]J-7F:
M]@E0 LJK&?F(_P!9*B]OQ- &E'=PR2B.

V'92X





T@W



M([J&629%?YH7$;Y&

5#8_)A3I9XX8))W;]W&I9B.
MT^Y%4



ML(94D*'#;6!P?>@.SLXK.RAM4&Y(HEB!;&64# S1%:^4TS++(6E8,2





MY;GG=ZYYZ^M67D2



B*ZH6









MTX1V\]JTSO;2*56
XW*BQK,_&..M%QI4$NPH,.KH69B6+*K9P<GG_Z]6HK:&-8XHD1%)8 #@$]
M_P!: 



M(B

CJN$V
<VTE!Z9)SBHF=UU&5IUA!EF6(%QG8@C9AWZY
MS^=:

78


NI3S!'

5G6Z M'NAWQ@0E@% R

%!C:P4=
M#V^O7Z=: (;-G327=&:.-2QB5$4,?F/U!SVXJEIT_P!FTBUFO$D;;JX8 J2

5W-CGIVS65!OATU+ODM.R.^?


X]^M %

 (N[C\0:SK

MJ0
M^'I4


MF:@#O%;23O)(+EU@W
 




MQG;MP5!R

M=Q]OLT-U]L@O+=IMVU1Y9&WIM ^4[N^3QUH V68*I9B  




MNSK$ULM^+:$6GG*5C4D$-@Y+9R./2@#:HKFK#4=1NIWDFE9%CLHKH6\4:@EF




M* QN4&4WLRLS8X.


(O\ D7=2_PO63_T$T 2




M:M$L\JHTSB.
0VT!-KD DXSDXSUQ@].]3V
MT^IW6IQXNY_+6XD$R1Q)Y0C4D*%<J<DD $9SDGIB@#HJ*Y.'5M7_ +,EU=Y+
M;[.8';R3)N*..@  C&#D$M6SI!U'

2K&


M*



D;2@

MY+_6H]#NK\7EKL:V
T+!A(P(QD ;%&
''.X@XZUJ2&[-_'8+J
D;&%IA*40L

\CF@#5$@

Y*QN&7;\O,I/S9X'/;%
M'35UU MVEJ95$[J76/N5'4TVU\][&

M/M\K2R6]RQD(0LF3'P.




CW//7M3;*;4



MBBB@ HHHH **** (#96IN%N#;0F=?NR&

G


B


M

M$*A=W'.


DD2*-I)&H@+,QZ @ :;8+;R0RMA#*=SQB)
M=KGU(Q@]!4MO;PVL(AMH8X8EZ)&H51^ IRLS




ZQJ&9?0G'(X''M27UW]E2((BO+
M-((XE9MH+8)Y.#@8![&G65R;F'
B.9#MEC#;MC8SC/?J* (SI6G&V%L;U
N*BTZ^-Z]
MXK0-;:X


M1BN88YHSU210P/X&GL7W+M52I/S$G!'TXY_2G4 0-96KV@M&MH6M@ /)
8*8


@7;*
D?*

A3#'VVL?;KCK0 ATO3S')&;&VV2MND7R5P
MY]2

C;5![GKC]#3E+'.


ODRR^8 5;:&SMQR.0
YSGMCFM@I





M8MQILALTC9;J$V;9







*P..O'
MJ*MZ18

M2


MZUT-% '.V=O&GBW:[M]XMHJR7(M6VF7 R=^
=.
Y]O:K&IVT?_  D.GWDE

MF([$-C/ _&M?PW910&2:/[:DDB 31SPK$H8=\!5#'D_



XQPL2'


MCF5K=XXE*








M

CJ._&


XS=


*17%N+0H1
A4[LD$C@D\@
V

#(&

AW*X!)& &&-Q[G\: *TFMJ#J
M*W-I




M_6;J=[+'?65A;L$ENRY
A&=BJ

2[AFADD1S&/
4I@D80


=\59TS4;?5+

MR/IT[SIHCPJ,

G.[=ZD]NGYU!?Z2



MQ$G

LK

$D'G^(MD#@$EN




MOQT;.#[+:0V_F-)Y2!=[G); ZF@#/AUEF-UYUG



M:7*PR&




X!+=^)
M-.M+Q+:24%B5#$.GR;L8RI(8]1T!QWK4D4O&RJ[1E@0'7&5]QD$?F*S;72[F
MUN6EBO4 F5?/7R?O
JA=R_-\O '!W#BM*0.8V$3*KD':S+N /;(R
_F* .8T





5;G[:/*O5V((/D0GG.


MF?F^E7=/O;Z\U&[BE6".U=59,%V8,@8?-D $9'8]_K0!K4Q9$=F575F0X8
M Y(^M9VL:C-I[0LJJMN0QEF:-G5
8!V_=!R?F.0
=.:S!=36%[JUQ;+!Y/V
MR .I4_/O6


M0SR/'L1&+1X0L-SYVY./NX[]\5F64




YR*E\.H8H[]L:D7DF1&N%S@=!VH

8\O







M)$ZNC@



G.=IYR.HXH U6D1&57=59SA03@L?:GUR*



))Q S*P 0^_K^%7: *3Z5:2)$KHY
1W*_FOO!Z??
MSN/ '4]JH7&B+$\ L+:)8HU8;5N9+=@6().Y

M.=I8'+#IU)SCFI;33K6SGGFMT=7G(

K

MP(93

[^8I]0^=W3CKT








;
M:2

MM


C.&QUYSS5RB@FFF6D=T;E(B)Q;&]MNX]6VYVY]\9IJ:39Q^

&@::L(A$






-M'=F+$^Y)Y)^M &3J4H7Q#8%H;EH
MT@F1WC@D95+E
?
H_P!D_2L[3+:)#IF;&YWNLT4S2V\A.TG@.6'3/KQ7644

-PUU]BC%M


MD$C.1D9Z5-;VOG7.E3W6FIF-I5!6 X7D%&PPR@X) /3\JZ:B@.&59HPZ!P

M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44

 /2F:?%=1S-!+&/)$:DLG&/3!

^I'OBU=WLT
%T0J(T(0@YW Y/



7
K2
M-*@@%24V\9/7&?SJ66=M)\B&0PS^4%5UQ\IQUH N5S]UJ
PN[N$/'&5DA4
MXE/ ++G'RXZ



MJR$+

MS3-.LBM&8E*Q^9N((+9)^O'Y4YIIY)K&0(J[\G:)#@Y7//%.LH)8Y9HWC9+?



3)




MI9KZ13
FVDE
MA*T0MSY2JV9B5)DY!7OGNWXF@![7$A6W,\QAD+CY%B<@M@_+[\9_*K5L\TAD
M,F-H;?(5/UYK-GLKM3'
L/FYN?M$B(X5Q\I4 $D \8[CH:NV;R26LB_9;FU



TV1VFC
F\RO&2VZ1\







3;L 




M
@+%L!5MC





M:Q1QD^4N\Q[&*C!(]



MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BLFZOYX;V= A55CC*[MI&2S G@Y.0*DMKR

UM&6BBCDSPH:0AF8] !@_SH MT5GVDUZ5
M+)#)) 5260RD;C@$D +Z&IIKD@SQI&Y:-




1&6*$.)5X)+!L#G_@)/XB@#3HJA=W
O\ 9WG0
AH EHK)EU28Z;=S%DDC#[&7YAQD!N?<'\*O-.##O$#MT\T
M#/'MF@Q161;7\LL]XLMW;HEM





MBLJ6[GAT620F1IQ 7\T(
!MN?R%:%O(98@Q1T/3#C!/O0!+1110 4444 %%%


%D8%!T *
/IUQUK1HH R;:W6*YN)#IK?-


MPJA2.XFP&*9R##&
C+#/?\JW:* 
JVM[B/4XVD4^7LE(PN N2G'WCZ$]JAQ/
M):
MQ;2?:)YI5+I%G8@; //0E0
?S?WZJB#<<.Y(R!U[5LT4 9MQ RK8Q^7NR1%(P!R%VY/3L=N.?6JP$T
M2K^YF9X)II501Y#DE]OS=,8:MNB@#.D0-JDQD27:8(\%-PY#/QD?6J45I-N

0


 9^IK;/ SC-+10!FZ




M;[S#;RHK1[




OW0O]T^A





M..*T** 

Y!X_&M9?NCZ4M% !1110 4444







H

M9

AW+%5XX)

MGU!K-FMIAH^G1[7

VY #U&#DYQZ
MX%49+8KHD






]*QCJ=SYP42KM
XCR


KJ'+':-H///0

M[H\MP

M4%A=R7%PK/*Y)



M@5);7DTMVD;

MY))CYNY9) NZ1B

WG7
4RE

Q/RY^9W# #/&1S^7-6M
1XEG1X/)
MNG.]R$_=^@P1U  ^O7@9H 2UU:9Y@(VK.4+.5(3H


[:=;&[.;@Q+YO&/FQS
MQ]:YV*UQID2FTD#B-01Y;YS@=JZ:99X]Z!P,D?.A4\''0B@6BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BLJ;4&%Y/\K1)'+&BE(BQ

?0= *GLKJ26ZN$9MR(B

'OHO-

%^5RP$C[
M3DY) ^4^@JQ;7

MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 


M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#%M]6D@EU%]4N;6.VM9A$K+&R$Y56!)+
M'^]CIVK2M;V[:5868M$VUPR


&I6]D9(KJTMQ-

M\ &U:7D%[&SP

)(&(V*D@9*AL8+8!X
MSFDTRT%I 0+.TMQRT=J/ESZYP,_E5RT06NI32M:6$JO


0XC9!^<G&.






./S/UH H75UJZG-##<620QP86%B<9((

7
]4[ZWN;-+JXNIK6$W5
MU'+&?

UNT\;S

MGRZO8PP).TQ
3KO#(C



LK$*/0$



5*ON
MZ':.1GI^M $FF:HPTI9M0D
DWG2I^ZA8EMLC+PBY.



$D$'@&@!]AJUM/; O/\Z0++(S*5
M4@C[P.

C#/0X8 X/K6/-H]]=1&&7[-&C6/V8NL


MA$DD
:[BH(R#P


ME$9(/L2J@$CN:V93((F
*JTF/E5VV@GW.#C\J 




\2

&VW?;OLQR[8X!STY/


!;J
MWRF
@;=Y.&//. 

YSVQN]\]JKIJNHS7%O:JEM%(\LL
DC!F&

!D!E_V6P&/MQN_'O65%KMT'M#.T&QQ+'/L

M27FHI*]L_P!G2061F$BJ3\X(!^7/3GU-9L#WT;QW2/;-='3!(\KQ'YL'(!&[
M)..
Y]\=J .JHJH]TW]E_:E

 P'


B+@
/)9LKG) .1D9ZB@#HU=7SM8

MCB

JNI9?O 'D?6N?FG








M





MAT(


M]]X;^O3CISP ;U
@^M8<FL7T<MR6CMQ';WL=N5&YBZO


M+;)\F;SS_I





?,;;M/4;<X_2JZ
MZ%IZ?=CE7]SY'%Q)]ST^]^O6K.HWT6FV,MW.)#'$-S-2QQ]*L Y&: *YL+<
MV'V$HQM]NS:78G'^]G/XYK+U30_



C'KTJ

1Q @#N6+$^Y)Y)]S5
M1-%L8Q\J2@^:9L_:)


QP
^@HOKZ*Q6%IE
MD(EE6)=BYPS' SZ@
Z19&TFM6C=HYQB4F9R[CT+YW$?CTXJ*30=/E#AXYF
M\R$0-_I
GS(.BGYO\Y/J:T58EF!1E /!.





M&@=/










?5!)
8\


M5R-SR

9QQ7

YR

M([W+7!MH=O 8K)\OS=PW0C)XKJKNV%U$$\V2(A@RO&1D$=.H(/XBBVMO(RS2


X 5#MW+@8!'WQSTVG
1[A<UH44 <C=R!H)S;7+W&F1SVLBSF4R;)


K/M8GYE&



M[C1?.EA9&#J\1 (/T((/7H0:6WM_(!+2O-(P :23&3CIT 'Y@#EK59KO1Y


M=2


EXYF?
:Y?9\V?ER=
MN2



M7*I

_= (X


+AR0N)-@)!R2?EQGD@X[UV5% &
,
M'OFNJHH A:416AEN62,*FYV8X\<\USWARV-SI.E7ES?0R06<09%C3;L;9@[
MVW'. 3Z5T]% '%Q79FT_3(H]2CM+5X7!G);;Y@884LKK@XS@$X//%+K
K26.


D(*[6XQU*[AQCH1TJZ  
#H* 


K9P@D&XXZ\4T:A9%I%%W;EHUW.!(
J.F3SP*YS2[1Y[?[+!




M-I!. 



G(]P



$9D*



X_P \_2L9[:YEN9)_[(E5VL#!N9HM




MT46
MJHP'4


M



M* .H:]M5G$#7






MHV9Z9YXS5#4]


MHIXUDAD21&&0R
/J*P++2#]C(FL;J*Y$2Q
QO2^0&!RF6( XR

:J1W]RUVNHQV:F
M673O.


M%='!5E89!!Z@BLFWUN25K;S+

M

XX/..W
M Z]* .DHK+N-4EMM2AMI+:

?=XQG.?:DM]3NY8SOM((Y


 \\'@XZ=N



MGCO4E4EO95TEKVXML.L1D

3%R0!D 9 Y(]JJ1:VTHL72*WDBNIO)



M^XR ./F^8K@C[WX5JG7?^)D;=+.9X%D\IYECD.UNY^YMVCN=V?:@#9HKG1=/



MY0'.2. #UXS5_2K^2_AD::TDMG1]N'5@&&


M4 4M








MW;\S[8UJ* 



Y






#GC*GC//_ -;BC^Q%Q_Q_W?\ Q\_:?^6?WO3[G2M6B@#G
M['3[J/47N/+N(I6D+.[^0R
I;)4







#!6)Z'*@_P!:FR
9SQ0

MK2A45Q&6;CYB0

QJ07$;(KH2ZL2 44




/E.K%%SZ9]:1+R!Y)8P^&BD$39& &*A@
M,_0B@Q14









MVA6Z-RJ 2E=K
.-P]_7I0!BQ6G^F7DPCMHHR 1N0#RUVG# ]CD9/U]JT-)D-


M)W$  YZ#GIQ5N.!(I99%!W2D


!DS@

:<8(F9RR!BXVMNYR/3


KJ

M4D]23US0MM$KHVW[@P@[)QC@=J *EJB*MZ7C62/S %_=K\Z[%(' YY)K
T^)
M].T^2Y9(7:.:0X1


&_2K^0I%(O^D[


MZ].*MVB^7J%ZK
6=]DI.
  C:._^P:F-G 01Y?!;?C)QNSG/Y\TJVL*M(P4Y

RM@A0
MN1T'0#-3+!&)/
QE@


5R/
M3BGM$C
K





MQH I:;*LES?2!@3++O08P2@55R
]1E3S[BJP
QOY%

^7\TAR?IG

K?Q'+
N3ZT 5+AW+V9N
M%6)P[@@R;1P
Y'KU_&J






LE_=M&CO'QY9:
M=LKA3ACD\@D'\Q5_2W6Z
U\BX28A4R


MC2:.)CAY

MVA$RL#&R[@1W&
U@SRR0ZI'(SLR2O$-\0P&&)!Z\@%D!Y[UIV82/2K2*Y55=

MG+$#Y$+ ?4@8'XU))
D;QHYPTK;5&.IP3_(&LA-QFD8.3NFB1^7'4 \'=Z$4
MFLH\FHVBPJ\AW
67SF4$^6V 

M;2/L;-*V?5@=GUX9ORK3
L8E$1=?
(R%SS0 ^BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****


@D;=L)RJGO@=JM44 538PR

MZ3L.O&.G_P!84L=E$MND

;&)!C*X

X9B6;(#-D]
@#'X5:HH JS6

EJMN@
*H/W;1?*8

Y$B-\QSU!)Z@^]3&WC


XXS4M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !166WB#3

M% %^BHX95F@CE4$*ZAAGK@C-24 %%%4+C6+.VN7MY3.)$ 9MMM(R@'ONXQ[
MY[&@_152WU&WN;HP0EG/E+

+[U

:?LE
QA

M

^@SWH M4444 %%9KZY81RRQR23(86VR
UO($0^[%
G6@S1256TZ_BU&V^T014WLF)%VG



M[*I53R22?O;ASZ$=J@NIGF\2R6UGJ%M!-]E561T\QOO





Q791T$LFY


?O$+TD]^


Y[UNZ9IZZ=#)&MQ-
))&E)EVYRQR?N@=R3



M W]IH\[ 0_)RW7]V0W QCC)[9KJ:* 


MB.\C621Y&D

31@DY#!@-_&01CGIBNAT5633U5KX7PW$K

MROSM'&#AF(!!P 1G!&
UU=% '





MF6_C-I9:D+V6W2\NXF/*0G Q@]!P3QCKS5*\:TM5N@]TT3G5H=WF3L=HW(
MV?F.!QDY]!ZNSHH Q] NDEDU*W2Y\X6UT54&4R,JE5/)))^]N'/H1VK(U_[
M/ ?$#23.LCVB;5:5L'(8?=)QU&!^G6NOHH Y_U.&'^UHX-6(5889HV%P&)+





:[LXIE24&1I?(!5V!V

LB
M-M;RT9E4XS@L!@?B:QUT43RVMT-/L98UMUMFM[GY@BHQVLC%3G@]P
C'2M#2
MK*ZM;^_EF2W6*X=#&(G/ 5 O((&.%SU.

MX51.D:@J+;Q26PACO/M2R




MS8(_+GM5@ZQ9V6?S)-KR&-5$+[RPSD;,;LC![5GKI6H1)$D7E&*.Y618I+E
MV*
]&*YYR..@QUJ5++5$$JJ8$62Z:5@DS LA'3=LR#G!XZ^HH 62_FGU*U6



T&^:%#;1;7=7RF .N2
M!CB@!R:WISKO%R AC

MK$?7!I;S3+B;4+8Q^4+6.VD@9C(1)\^.0
E8L^AZC?+
M#'=2VL21VLMJS1;F+A@H# '&T_*..?UXTM(T_PQ*Q:QL+:0@*6M5QYF.Y^4


A$K':OR-M+8SM
MW8VYP#QG-9-WI6I3'4MB6F+FYAFCS
W CV=?DX)V#UZ^W+[/0OL]].\EG82+

 
#*$ #MGDYI%

MRSL%C=;:0HQ/HVW'ZU=AN(YVE6/?F)]C;D*\^V1S]16&+(V?A6'3;V:&*Z1-
ML#1ONS(O*E003D XK;M(FAMD1R^
N1T+'DG\R: *\6K6
T[PI
=R*S$LC*

W4F8L C*R8W+U'&#@9'.:



M123M($52

MD$^\R(9$.TA64=21@XR,^E4'T_5&U&.[9X)6ADD*!I652A4A1MX!Z#//K[




MV[O[N[&W/MG-1:M/=0);FTD@C
DJQL9HR_7N





MZIL_O;B
8]\\U1%CJ$





XYST-7K6YANX%FMY \9R

MLBHS

*F2:5Y6?=!8]!_CWZT 7**** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **Q(O$#S7+)#I]Q)%\X







MF;#4?[







L80REI0A&X9PHQR0.3DCK0!HT5C6^NFYU$6\5E


FS

;?^




XY^E36-E]BC$?VJXG51A!









#Z@ ^_)K7HH PT\




M:T0=47.
*<((W=O[U1SA@01W/( /-7Z* *

+P_%#ATO
MKL3K(\BS93<-YRPQMP03S@@^U/N=#CN9;J1[RZ'VFW^SNH*8<]
KG/+?G]
M:M% &?%I2Q2M

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *XKQ!8WOVW488QYDFHO;M:NKC=&4(SD$
MYP.3D#%=K426\

MD



M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110



M

&1E^A&0


M0



YYQVH


5G;27

M#FL:\TZ\BN(OL/FR





MO?31?:'



1UX/6
V6IS6ODR6]]C; QWW0R62


Y.?R!H D@O;

X/%6*R+SN$OH7ECV):Q2Q!L@^;O92
'(X7
MG..3^-:] !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 53O;]K6:*)+.XN&E!QY108QZ[F%7*RM8L
M9;V:V(LK.[BBW%DN7(&2


M%DW+GY#CC/T/UX .A1U?=L8':=IQZU6OKTV?D@6L]P9GV*(BG!P3SN8=@?RK

M+

M8QHFP32_ZEED+':50#!! ^Z


D9/FAROF)M
M?Y2




HDAN
F
L5;N


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *




C\B1^M $U%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4

@=KU+3#G!S


M


NQEW GC(]


M $E%1O/$F=\J+CKE@
4^@!:*BM[B*ZC
D#[T#


M/OZ=* )Z*9'(DJ[HW5UZ94Y%.H 6BF&5!
L1;YV4L!Z@8S_
4/(B)O=U5!_$
M3@4 /HJM+?VT2D^87P
XB4N?R4$U8!R
T +144






QD@C/REN?3@'K0!9HI





M=(4*^9R[;B78XQDL3DGWS3+C3+6Y%MYPF;[






M.N..F/K0!BM




M'V@E?ID&@#GM#G

Y+


(
YXX_G4!TM05
5S-'@*#PC
A&* *,22Q7]G&%C^2U=1R1P
M#'[4Q$$?AQ(-P8J!2
CYMVW^=:!M%





M+9955)'9XP

M/)M5BZB9EW';PHYP#@'\Q5R?31

M
C1YP1@DY&* *-OB;4A!MXLMS




M?4GD_G0!4@9+G3;FX06T:7 )A+H -F
*6]1GG\:H6EN+C3O*A@MY$






'(Y .!G@CW





MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *0YQQUI:* (!:H6WS9F?!&7Z 'J .@J.U


4^*VCBM$M
M5!

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***9)(D4;22NJ(@+
S'  '4DT
M/HJD-7TTB

;=3Q01YQOD<*
^F34#ZOI

MB@ HIK.$*@AOF.!A2?SQTIU !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4453EU73H9S!+?
3(8IO0



$4GNQZIJ BBB@ HH




M.UFMA;S6T
D P!$Z J






MV\QAL-GDXSV(Z?A5Q-'!UJ?4+@V\ZR*@C1H/FC*YP0Q)_O'L.WXVAIMB#
19
M6X



DY



!W[\CD51O=1NA_:+PW?EOI\2R+&$7;<93=DY!.<@
.3R?SJ9+2VCF
R6\2RD;2ZH Q'



M
.UM(6N7\^\GD27&R
M%@@)V ?NR 2
'!4GKT[:M]I$5Q;I#!':QJK;C');AXVXQRN1G';FG6VD6L=D




AVW-F!?F//)XY/)_
U



D27#P7*E8QD;V52V


$'I50Z5IQ




M=01SQYSLD0







Y1<^5Y@W#ZCJ!^%5K+5(VTJWO+Z6V





MV+YHP
EB?FR.F




!
QX8E0 WWN

M-W./SIMTDTUU.$M9BAAA6Z5#$S(5RV





43W11
M_P!VP 5N3M#8R 2

;AWTUYO.%J0I
*^68W)8 ;L8QQU/WO3










M


M9TLOLR2PP#8TX5B8YQ7*$XR.^?3\ #H!J%DUN+A;RW,#$@25=I(]\XIMWJ



X!H CT_5UN+FZAN)+:


@$LP79QT8D_X5SUQ::@YOW&EREYK
MZ92)(N439GDL/[AQG^\/?$JV%SYVI,MC
[O
M6@#HE964
I!![@U174U.LMIQB(_=ETESPS#&Y0/8
I_'VI]NUU!I:M+!YMRJ
XT_48HK*]A-W<744_FM:L855=V?

M-C9.$N[RWMV89 EE521^)IPOK


0+.;N 1




[:2ZMI$[W8C6(


M !1110 4444 5GL+.2Y6YDM('N%Z2M&X_'K5FBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH




)U6-G0.4R@/

'\:9JNQ

_
QDW!]RJ.BCVR!FFW2M'J\#*

MGG&WL/I0!O4E96ASM_8T




7N9!YC)*
M

SL
32-(XG#1RRF*(2CD%1\PX'7(;_OFE
M@,R^&HB7MY



Q\



ZZT]OL$\%L$+2[P/
.-@?K@@?CBK%W TSV[IMS#+OPW?Y6'




M%Z8WF3G

2*[9B
M(QL:QQA2<X!/7]*MT4 9R6-P)BQEB\O[09MNT[L8]<_TJ1;63^TQ<.L0CCC





G2K-%




E;^]+0J3AVN)5QACC'F#!


M*Q?!7YL@Y8'\!Z5IW*/(+=Q=PD#,O&0 #U/2@JUX'OGC?48HXHD23


M\ @9=L!(
A/\8Z[1['O_ )P 


$?2DGL5ENT=XQ



2?ZTR]AGNBIMHTBD4_ZV5001Z8
?+\KCZ'GZT 6IBPC)618\<EF&0!^8K$6_G2.[U
M*1W





M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

B2GRI-T98 ]-

C'![_ (&@#9HK#E\0/%&L9LR;

M:YTAV^8E9(V 5B

=Z

GX4 ;=%8Z:U++:VS16JFX

U





;;2
M-P!)'3!QW'O@ W**PGU8ZGIZ):VVXSVHGE4S&
QHV0
$#)/!QTZ=15SP[_R+
Y9D!&._!QQ0!N45E/K 6YMH0
ML/[]2REIP PR0 AQACWQD<'O22ZT8V:46X:R2<6[33Y@^[;]W'W=QQG.?:@


8S&C9 P0
D\''3IU%7/#
MO_(NZ;_UZQ_^@B@#1HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** *
M




MM[*(27

M2@+_ 



D:#$KPLEW=)Y-P

 5*+NW-Z;
2J;A4\P


M:TTDS=WDQD_D !^ %
O;2*^M6MYMP4D-E3@@@@@CZ$F0ZE9W$L,45PC231
M:-1U*'^+'I4GVRW^VBR\U?M)C\SR^^W.

-F]

MLW^ON5B\X3B)7 4/G)(P
\DYQG%
70%6:*7^T+PF.X:X /EXWMD'^#I@G\ZV



_G4] %.]T\
M7VF/8S7$VV1-CRKM#L._;'/L*BCTE8[K[1'=W*NZJLP!7$V!@%OEX..ZXK1H


5T-% &5_848T^:P6\NUM9$

M#]GMXX?


M:!%;W

42[5WL6./J
M:C75M.:WEN$OK=X8AF1TD#!?KBK2.LB*ZG*L



M5&N95C$CB-
_Q






M
XSVK2I&8*I9B  


N7


#IM//6NF2




QO:0



LS6\32J
!R@+ ?6@#





CX &6/4\4 83W]

01@\X//3BH(=9OX;.VNY9/M!FTR2Z
6P* Z
M[2


M85!4'/ ...I_






@%&RO .!@_
.:W-0%W+I+




0JRJ

\
M=N*Z&2SM9;;[/);0O 3GRFC!7KGITZ\U&VF6#LC/96S
C%U)B4E6/4CC@\#G

Z(HX3.%4'(R??/0U-X6=7TVX595=ENYPQ4C(/F
M
M '-2:




M#;R6ZK+^X\W+*R@X4 (#QRQ[XK4TC1EL&EEG^SSW+R.XG2#8P#
6*Y))QD
MGO5Y+.VCGDG2WA6:3[\BH S?4]30!C:FETND2O\ VM)(LOELA5$! + -@@8*

M4!_J


?
M+C!!K1OY#+X?N9'387M69E/;*'BK#V%G(T3/:0




M

9@^4*H#H=S$\
MYZGJ!CMWJTT^HW&JB.&ZN$1;C#+' IB\H#KO*GYLX!&





M\Z._F

!B?4GUIUS:V]W'Y=U!%/

6T@=@NP%HP3M]/I[4CV%G)<
MXDM('G VB1HP6 ]

XF!BV@*



96%1L)ZXXXJ6Y
XFNI(G/FAEC5-K[<C<
@G##WZ=
=


 ([Q*67!R
''&#3
P
M.


G*2-*H5N
\'/


MXSWZ\5?MK:ZAU=F19!:NSNPD*

MDDEOH#UI7O+6.18Y+F%9&;8%9P6]





ME8/.DIC=
A N1@[E?H.

M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%

R0NR+O=5)
I:P+&Z:26??



M_P#/
*2WMR#0!9HZ5A0


M3)






MX=@%.#QP

MHG=\A564@8]
 C% &YTI:QM88NR6BSR$3OLD!(JN2

M99!]GC23Y9 5(8L


MZUH6GF
+AA(0X?:N\EE4  ]
CU- %VEKGM(NVEAW2R[%





M62?;M$A&
\]?\:NT4 4FMKIKN.X\Z'*(R8\L\Y*G^]_LTZY@FFM8D+(TBR1N
MQ V@[6!.!SZ5:HH JF.X-R)]D0(C*;=Y]0?2EN+=YWM6;;B-RT@SV*
O'XFK

MAE_M!I2$$0CVK@\DDY.1_GK4
UH\FH23






MZNGVA)(XXT&\L?E+G)ST^]T]JOT4 9YL9B[R&6

%0K-(&&6(P-BCT]0

7E(SR-KN6Q_*GVL$G


O^T.GMQ^E6J6@FEFOESI(B$.Y91C@#C_FV=K((9!=A-SSM
M)M0DKC/'7Z U=I: *



(S([DF1/XQV)';TQSTH S[T@Z%J1 D ^?Y'(.WU QVSS^-7Y
MI[@6\K);LK ?+EE_/KCCKUJO/IT\D%Y#YRE+C=MSD;

-XK:+#0J


_44 900K

MG2-L?-@'+ C\*N^?

F&4G!'')..I%++9RO=3RJRA7A2
?
021N
9)(4*\ <#:W
MIZU9NK2XEO%GBDB3$#1D






4










YVDT 6IB^RT
MQ+)#
3M$@EL@@YZYQ][\*R8W=[&UMX_M7VY983*[9 #QE\\_W6'YUMW-NS
MW$%P@#-#N 4\ Y&.O:JYLKB&=+B#RI92)/

06
@Q


M;98Y-NX




\G&223Z_R-6[N&


MH=H!1F!7.WJ







M]


*H2R;C
MR#SUH O45A&8D.6

Y.W?U)S^&* -^BJ4SR6]BTDLSM
MMRQD15! P3T/%4M
NYI8[0+*6
T+22.Y#98!.F#QU/% &U16:+YAI=K/-'*Y
MF2


MRU984V@RD@GYSP-O+8 X]*O6\TDE]*HD





G

T(!
MD9GE#R
BIM7N3R

MZP
8)8/(N'F15*#&0R@?DV:N6\$D9GV[E
KARSD




?*-CC/YD#\:MT4 9%[


AK&98

M-5[FRDENDG4




9P
?U%23


@Y//R@

G/7@
MGC^76J*Z;=);7





F
=A@







0
GTSBIK5+A-WVB0/G&







LY[

M&+)VTVTA:W'FQ+&8D=%V[A^0(JT;;S(4B$*0I'*&\$$ YZ@K8WD_V6(
M58DIDD$G!;!ZG\OI0TTJZ5:L/

M*S'G/'?]*=Y$S:-;1F)UD#Q.R9&Y0'!/0]0/0T 1O?S0W4TKJFS9 -OFDA=S
ML
_2@!!/-]HA29
\N'0CB
*#NQ[$@?G


ZUG


T






7\P8'0 8
M_P#'B/SJY
2(7(;:0


M.
A6*Y_0F@#7HJA=7S#3YIK=

#LC

Z8;S

A?WFY



CY^4

_*!C
MI[_A6]10!E:S [VADAAB9P44






MR_+CI@


MT/2K=% $-L9C&?/&&SQQ@X]\$U-110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !36
M8(I9CA0
D^E.JIJ5M/=VIAMYXX=Q&\R1&0


MIBVED8PRR*EM_K5.


LBM







MD7B

MS]NWW\ ^V6R6[8MC\N

M020RI!@ @$?

-8Y7B1F*'#8R^.#QR:2X\5Z7!!#
9=RRQB7 905
M4]\

ML\0F:1$&(T]3DC\AD
MT_\ M=?

32Z5'I\M^CQ);&  P' /9
MP-WWNG7/3C%7OLJW&KP39FW6R%)28RB2'@KU'.#D@CIS0!I
^V(N5;@9*@9/
MTP.]9O\ ;LQW!GM[B2#R\Q2!0S;SA
8;')XY(QWQ6C/&TL$D:2-$SJ5#KU


MRP%W*J\$XSSR1TSUIK:K:Q&\=A

?=8\8(Y]^

JP

LBM
JC8I8X7.3D\^@..

MY;(P


MJ#7(-L6^WN4EDG:W$10$AP

O;T.70:'<P2+.E]&+A)I9%

$$=* )O#
LLNC(TTLLK^=
N^4Y8@2
!G\!4\FIHE\EJ]O






G\*I7.BSW=M=B:\C-U=





M^F:D\^CVEO-]IBN)[(.EP=IWD*
D'GGG/(_.I-)U*)K32X[EYVN7L1.7.[:P



ZN54[D[$ 
6)/IC

M86AXXV^8Q&
]E %6/^$=?RKA1=1JTWE-E(
#?&P8



JR)&T10


MQMN4!=_'/4Y/X4 6/[;@P5
$XF%Q]F\D[0Q?;NZ[MN-O/7VZ\5HQOYD:OM9=

MA=S'DXH GHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***S]8NY[*WAE@





B[

M 02VT

WGW +(2





?S((/
GF26




&I0QJ]L89)4C


BUW2
MWDEL92C87EE.W//0Y^84 ;]1B:)HS()$*+G+!A@8Z\UD/JES#J]O:O+:RI+





JNI9?O 'D?6L.ZU2_M(K=Y


I\B*9T)7^/)QDNN.G7


M;*Z

AE.0:=7/V^L7]W]A$4=M']KLFN-[;FVL-O&WCCYAW_ESJZ7=F_TNUNV
M4(T\2R%1T!(S0!;HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *AN[6&\M
MV@N$WQM@D D'(.001R#D=14U% &9)H&F2%R;=@SNLCNDKJS
O0D@Y..OUYZT

AQ_$IW94XXXQQQ6C532[[^T;/SST)\QT*,P)!5BI
MY'':@'^P=-$91;;9^]



KV\)F:)2 =HSSS]#^5 $7]B6!9RT4C^9!]G;?
[!H







26T

LMP9WF$
M;1;OM
O-_#][GZGG@'L,.BT2PA$/EQ.IA3RT(F?.W.0I.?F ]#DM!B0I(!


D[RQ)]B?S)J:]M4O+8PN2O(96'56!!!_ @58HH S'T6UN
WN?4Y=_8E@3DQ.<E&.9G.67 !//)P 
]2.M2


!+()6*R

MM()IEB)# !

MA;(XW
S$O(SG).3RQ/4C-65+DMO50
_+@YR/?CBG4 9PT/3Q$T?E2$-+YV3

?;)87&3DDLN=_;@_GS6H98Q
(=P\PJ7

M 9';&:MRZ99RSI

MC(A29UP&^]P#C)[GKT]!21:+80P1P1Q2*
 *OG.1CG //(Y/!XIEOK

MV\4

A2829=L#8R'#*1USG\*TZ 


R
M/0-/B\KRXYE\F)HH\7


M1L5(W



XB8KLP
 ..% '521SV.:


PP,5A
MZY9C[=JLRV+R//II2*2. L=_S@C('4Y4?3V!QU%% '(7$,_F72Z=;W41ELX&
M8B%E+L')<988+[!S]*V?#]G!:6\OV9KKRY&#;9X1%M.




MG?00EM09-/N




MTACT P#4FG6\0?32UC.'D6:.8R6S_=)R%8D?=ST!XK?@TRUMY-\2R#G(0RNR






M




\9]:ZBB@#%\
/3)9H!J'VXQ*
MMS\:H'PR[\







MW6EZ

;AAY:Y) +E

4 :Z:_IKHK=QOD,:JT+JS
M,.HD9)'M4PU6S\V.

HWF
H-H*DKR 1Q@

A0F2


MUU-+@N+:Q2*ZE
L@)Y+ER!G@;B 6P.


M@$




UB3Z5?S?VG

\9DCS




MBQFDF2*??Y!*R.$;8I&

KQLC+]58 BLD:/=36NK


8B1(TC%<XSA
M03C-.75+,6S7 NC+$9BE%+$M_=4*
G\

ODO#&DWF$N0VZ1]

MM (KIT
%MI'.&&<!AD=0<5:T^5
MYM.M99#N=XD9CC&20:R(M


.S
R

'!ZX)Q6/I\;:K]KABEMFM5U$RNZ29?Y7# 8QC
MDCKGIVJU)INJ27?VEG@D=!*J[I6E6QMXX7&
=_7)Z4 3/XDL0UKY:74J7)


@X!SR#C\
/<@=@T3_NU/=N/E'!Y;'2I
M]3M6O=+N[1&M/\88] 2*S&TW4LW&TVI6\@$<H9F_=


D5M)=202I) P9L*V
9]UZ $\XX(Q6[!$(((XE

98

DMH;5'6]

MGEM;&Y:&$Q203_
G./F5BIY&/3G- &A)JME&\:M-D2;=KJC
@W?=RP&!G(QD
MC-
.N::'9/M2G9+Y+
 2JOZ%L8'X]^.M4%T!8M2DG%CILT4H0_O(\- 54+\@


.MZ=E5%R&=XS*J(K


$?*.N.?3WK9B+F-3*JK(1\RJVX ^QP
_D* 'T444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%4-;TZ/5-+FMWC1WVEHBZYVN!P?\^] %^F
M&1!((RZAV&0I/)_N4M[JSCUBVU6.UBCAN;7RI$^82A=X7&.#M!'OP.U6%T

M\I7YB0%R74CE3S\V/2K-QJFHQO=MY5M'';&(E6R[
&ZC@@ ^_(H W:9)+'$%
M

@]^O!
M/7KU- %FF&1%=4+J';[JD\FN?URVMY/$%BTFEK?L]M

'YR!QD]^]


9<BVMI+:+N=FXM\TF!@C&1R.M


^9PPX/TP
M
.E &_165HVI2WOF1W06*
TE6*0S1(69-W#.J^H]?\]: -%)$<


(TSQRVYB+R1QKG#

M

#%5.!A6(/R]3
M\V

:\ G

M%1_K 


MEU )4'D9Z?R-.K)N-3NH7U

9P/2JUMJE[+#=RF]TUX



8QWSQTJNUY)-=Z
M7JTR0F-XI98U1



:%1CL
$F@![
#U^4.^





MY1
PCMY+=8,P2 J8F=F0
M ]E4G_ABJUUH5OY#FT@4W#!5+RRON958-MWY+#D#D=
5L44 9-OIRVSQ7R
M$HY!\LW4DVQ@3A@[88'ITQC%69=*LYHXT=)8CE)!
XD![_.#N_6KM% #418

MYG9L = 




MP  P!@EINY0P7(W$9 SR1_DB@C)HEA(Y=HGR9&E^69UVLP()&#P3D]._/6

T 5XM)LH8'A6$LD
MBA&
CL[%1T&YB3@9XYXIKZ-8R6C6SI*T;L&8F=]S$=



%/ SD[3[@9&:;;Z3YD+)

(UW-0!'_


M4X/;+$G'M41T2P-K+;&.0Q2@*X


(U
M+''TJP#D9H SSH=@6E9HY6
T0A?=/(VY!T'+?KUY/J:D@TNTMYII8XWW3KMD
MWRLP8?0DBKM% %!-&L4MY8%CD\N5=C S.2%_N@YRH]A@5:MX$MH$ABW!$&U0
2: .<CN96T*TN(]1<K-.T=U<O*[A%








'8K

$RDQB
MXD^8






D8& .F!3'U1V4R



M7BO4N[B47


M+O6%M)(I)1);X8


M9P#]

MW6HP?VC*\&RWE4QW/S?





M0
CMD_X4 2-?V:6HNGNX%MVZ2F0!#^/2F#5=.
/G#4+7RN1O\Y=O'7G-8 MK



T GBECDA(R)%8%2/



X5H@%


QD$D[@& 8?-[].E$\-\M




M33%X?;3YD$@:-U


=L9$@.\^@YYH-_9B


YZU(UCJ EMITC9;DJB2[?+


M@993@$GCUQ0!T7VVU



^ 
@'D C'%6+BRO



MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** (+FTMKQ EU;Q3H#
MD+*@8 _C4J(L:!$4*HXJ, 4ZB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH @N;2VO$75O%.@.0LJ!@#^-


M1-I=R

MWF4$9$$9 A.[O)R

M(@&7QQO4=1TXH T:*YH7@^W.R0J;:*.=IA#-D2%1$0Q/&3@D5J7
+'2A%#;K
M%M=&6)2


 _O#M^8D@Y]0Q_*EU2ZE
M6]NE\V-39VJW$0*YRY\P$_DOZT ;E+62CO#*\@D42S7*K*A&2HP
#K_=Q^9I

O_P('GOVJN+J
M7^T;Q6F4$;5RL1'F%5+%0=W'?\C0!OT51LB9+NZD61WA4K&@+9&0
DC\\?A5
XY


MB-4QC&YMW4D'K@#\13;!D+6D=L\YBV
Q4L

MA'VI XWB



%N?TJ6YG9/#9N(?+5?L^Y4$6

M2SB

M$]UR5_\ 9
_C6M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !2'.#@@'MFEHH HVU@
E2Z?#)!
M:A9EC$I8ERG1SG[WXC'';IVJU10!EPZ=/%:VT!E5_(96#'(R%& 




??]ZU1STHH J7-O-+=0%1$(5?S')SNR!P/?\ ^M44]@TT
MPDX$HE


MI!:RQS2B$JB2!1O/)&
Y..YYJ]24 4K.TEL





8!_(4Y;69K-[:1H]C*$RN

K$[BZ*/F^8@#)_  8'OSSPY+-_[+6VD5 \:%$$[


MN-L61E=O=3[' _(&EN[=[F'RVAC9B!EBV

M.U ?? Y_'-6Z2@#

MT 4KBS

ML3$DF3)Y_P!:W^-5[.UGCN9I95C4;1'$JN6R
DEB2.


M
TD

];!



.\9)Q_NY[_ 





M'!.
GV!J'Q!--#I5R(]CM)&RJFTYQM.3G/89/2I!92_VC&^U!;Q$R!O
9F9B
MO0], GG-/OK'S[:YVEC-)$R*2V ,C@?2@!;222) 9$!C&UXPG/3CO]#4=R
MCWL@CDBE6W4AN



MC')P/^^C0!%IS_O[I\%ALC8!5QU7/2K?VK_IA/\ ]\5'8VTL$L[R!%#E50(2


U:GMKR
MXCM2[P+-#-O+ $J1M8=/QZ9_&@6MS%8/''Y$EP7D8%@57YF)]R.M %6YNI)-

M(]I#!$RXB0(H+%1TQDX]!VI&TY]K-YA=VFC(WG[L:R;@OZG]/K0 FI3F&:W8


5#
M_)L4;L8Y!))_ ?E3!8S1/ ZNDI64R.'&.6R5Q[$\'- %#5YV^US&X5FCLY

F.I8L5


)$)X5-V<_[
MV/PH T&.U220

MLG/RE?7WH AU:;R/#EU+YDD@\EN9$P[9! &


-HNZ

?J3Z5:NK.YFG:2


K;T#\^:Q


M*DBMYH9[V5-A
SJT8)XX4#G\C1;V\ZZ4D#


P

 1-D[B/\ :]3[]Z 
EQ%';'AA:PAB




M;C\JM7

N]6R#O VN#[=A5RB@#-CM[RTDN!;K#*DK[PTLI5@=H'9

M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *;(@DC:-BP# @E6*GGT(Y'U
M%.ILBEXV57:,L ZXRON
6422M*3)MX+')Q@#N30!A:A<7=TA:YB0




MT'&2/J30!4?6S%9QWCP1M;M DA

MA2VY$)VE@0756(X/\/;Z9N_V/:_89[-O




#D$'UH QM6U.[?3+F);:..YBGBBE4
MS':5=E&5.WD'..0







MUKM[J.6(12VTOE

.U8VI%5UZ[C:34R3;1R1+;/
P5RSC.%.T






UO9)((;47+J\OE@)S







M*-(K+F13U##&
?0#';% &1I^K3V?AZQ$%LMQ(E@+A_

M()(I4C&GRRLJJTPA6239N&0%(3!XYY*U7N=$\DVEK##=RVMN@$;JT
A5L]2)

XP
M: ,C2+V2SVVYA+0S:A/ LC2DL&<C@YR


&!8X.!'@XZ9^8\UTU9-OH2V



;3Z&D
MAOKG4+33DEU=;1)+12MPQ;YYLD


G;MR


P&PH=H;)






'%8

















5




#O%R%(P^

EPXM)'L[@

\KS_ +8]*ZJWB\BWCBWN^Q0-SL6)]R3S0!+1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444A( ))  ZDT +157[=#
LJ6=Q;S3JF\()1
MW'!.


M)J*AN;JWM(_
NIXH(\XW2.%&?J:;-?6EN
SW4$0*[\O(!\O SSVY'/O0!8HI

M' D\EW D

P/
+N Q1_?D$@VK]3VI5O;5
MH5F6YA










!+23RW$A&/
EV@X]

*QLN


*3RSW5NL4;8

MH **** BBB@ HHHH *ANT26TF215=&0@JPR


&3



MN)Q\F[A@&Q]W'O4V@:8;01-/9S17

/DM*]TTB

UCPV-]#/IZO8/





MW1D1QWV*6.
X!Q@5OT4 9^H0SO?6$T

MX2X#^0NU83-L




MC$+MSSDX*GIG[WUQTM% '


M


LT-J\D4#7$P'$:

MSQ2EGMF
*A0^=XR

@V


M





./3[D?VB%LKBWW7GVB!H7B#'Y 
@9(SD'AL?


B1D2W0


M'[M5ZDY('X#)(JS=VWVFU
#%&!&&\V


M@H-W&WMG=@=

M&4




XY.*QXM4N6U*TNI(KHK+I


+$%+R''RU!QDD-@^


4 2SZW!#-/']GN7\AD65PF%4-T.21D?3-/L=1DN]0O;9K



M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****


M0/=W
-NK' :5PH)].:Q-
%R=6MK9DM_]!MVBFDMW)4YV[5.0
'@G;SCUYJ_J

9!_ T :0((R#D&EIJ$L@)!!(S@]J=0!#)


CNI XPN



GECY1

]J $.KVHE
9+;


M)=I&-Z+M*E-[ $C.
''8?E0 ^'4;69-PF13N*89@#G./QYJW66MM-+?7 ::/
M*^6P_=9 Z] 3BI=12@P*@\QQM:0)DQK_CZ?G0!8M+I+JTBN%!590 W6G7

M':5W8


MB@:)8_O$%27)YPWS#*GN/U% &M%-'- LR-^[9=P)&./QJ.2\ACDC4MGS#MRO



R@G& !C.?^^A4

MS]125;6?=&WEFT=BS1*

K8'3CW/MT'U(IBZC;F









K#K$X_%?\ &HOMT/V(

V&E# /^DGANG1Z
M-7[7'YL
8R3*&(P00N.N?S IT]PD$(E.64LJC;WW$ ?SK


ME.5(!!]: '4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !2$ @@@$'J#2T4 11VT$
'D1

!


%#


:L4PS1K-Y3-AMN_D<8SCK0!&;&V(
MP8LCZFG1VL

\8VABW/
M0+][\J +%
EB6:




RM-&&7J-PR/PI(;F.=F6/?\ +C)*
H.?0D8/










;?X4 /2-)6E S(W!8G)QZ#T'M2VB6Z

MV=I&*N&DE\TLLC*=VT+D$'CY1BG0V

$PE4S



\[

(H9E(((!S@\_0_E0


TBE!^N* 'R1K+&4




M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%)0!BR2);;XXTBD


M 





D:6.RGA01HD$JJ) 3DN2#N^N6_
M$YK4AMWBB9/M
TC$_?DP2/IQC]*9+8)(L*!W2.-Q(R C$A!R



[*\JHY8IE 2$/3G(_.L_4







_AZ5+JT

?HH'&?K^1J:73X94;S-QD8@^:#AP1T(/;']3ZFI'@
M9XA&9FVXP25!+?F

Y(Y]??N0:OWJR2ZE


M;F:5TNIXTED$C1KMP2




MQ=R7$ZJ@E
MTZVD=6.0



Z+ )899G*M(4)8C:3C


:U=2W[K9%5EW2*C2!\%03R%/J<=?2@TU]:*^PW





\!3)


LK''0KUI%NH6=%#'+_ '?E//&:HZ=B;29V

8W#!6*D

M &T]Q$D




ME7XLP2K(?.D$9*J5V@(
#MD'_O@T :OVF+S9(BX#1 


M3;@KE#QCD'!K&-G+/JMZ)9';B(E8S@%-S$#!X/0#\35C1U8M*Q$V!/-R6&W[




M2T;9 8H3C'(.#^HIJW$30O*&.R


M2X.UR1EER0 


-PQTSTI)+B*.5(G<!W#
![#&3^HK+GC



3B
M6))%! =0P##!Y]10 ^BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH


M
S?NW#Y]2*FHH KI:[;Q[@RR-N7:$.


AXB9BQC4!58GDYQR?ZU9HH @-K&)))$+(\BA6*

3R(=^[*D @;0NT8[8 J_10!''#'%&(T0!1SCWZY^M(L

MM

M_8

?3%1+I\:V!
2=LA7CGTZ]3

^XY*;
=NN:EHH BMX1;PK&&+



C3NSA?0
3D?@: (-/U!$MUCO[D1SF4Q*MPR+(3Q



!4BZ'8(%QR@*4(Q<2?PDE?XN@ST^GH* (H=:9D0S

9#%3C:/F^\:36IYH7MES=VZR,RLMOLK?=)'&UCV[5:&G(LD(



WER20LT@5=NUS]UL\Y(.


 DG &=WRGCHV
=\9JZNI02:2=11A


ZQUF

)GWML( D$\,?8_B/?$E_I7/G202O#/

S

?EYY^7%


HS@ = .U7ZK65E!80M%;APC.7.^1G.X\DY8D\GGZD^M6:
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** N?U.VGGUF183*4\A&?%]+$^9AN55X)P.AQTKH*IW&E:==
M2F6YL+6:0\%Y(58G\2* *=SK
D1D

?C[5/-I=O+?Q7@'ERQYW;$7][QC#$C) !/
[@#PD3G#N<?*?DXX)





L]
M@@(25R%GR

M!#Y$**7E67]Z21MQC'R\]1Z59DTS3Y2YDL;9S( KEHE.X#H#QR.!^5.BT^RA
M8-%9VZ$.9 5B488C!;IUQWH LT444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
$4 ?_V0$!
end








begin 644 exhibit10-21x12x1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!# ! +# X
A .#0X2$1 3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB




M8_)E^]Y9.3MSP?RZ^AXK.E


8.?
MSH ?_;








(RVX+M
M$HSR?\FH9 8-5@VW$KS3X1U*C&Q0QST]3C\150NJWC?
 W]HD\$9QY/O0!K1
M77FRA$

]OM()^S'

M.*0SRY_X]9?^^E_QJA8QPI/=L^2JHH+-(S'')/5F_2H6B8W=HK@1F65_W8)R
MJ[&P&YYZ9H V8F=TR\9C;)^4D'^5/JA;.L

M3:Q3F-X_

$!)-QQZG@8K&NUG
T\B!F@N4G 3=@




_:2?)52@
M= LNYB.Y(P
=O6HTU:)[AH4 =O.\I=C Y^3?G^8IFGY%Q


!;5))

M8=E1@VWIP?SJ*RB/]F


MCKW'I4
5Y%)&C_

MC!_2E1%C1410JJ


X]*:MK;JI58(PI??@*
;O7ZU-10 Q8T5V95 9L9(')Q2-

@]J6BB@!C0QLQ9HT)/4E12+!$KAUC
M0

MWAF@\F6)'BQC8PR


9)ZFI** &+%&

@U+RXI3EHCPS9G(YQ],UH5UM ZNK0H0[;F!4


\$=.YH IV0
V
5



M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 




M[[?JLUB8F4Q1++O)&&#$C@?\!-7*XV]ADN5O#/I\_F_V4J1JL

C=M/\('((ZGG([T :DFNE([AS92
M?N+Q;5AO7^+;AS[?
.!D_KC8KDKIW

M


M]TI*@Q+GD;AU Y('4@9R.
&@!]Y??9+JSA

YKI=

/7*C&
YS@X[TZQL_+T2-TL)2!=O]K1X&$LL.
M]B!\PRX^93CG/(ZY% '7TUBX*[%4C/S9.
#VXYKF3I@:UN;F*SW1VUPMQ8PO





;L\^N: .ORV_&!LQUSSGZ4ZN8C5K


2Z6X)5U&'!+(2AW#KD BG-&(9KJ9;.\,JZK'(CFVE=O+.P.5.#
MQA7''; ]* .NCE27?Y;!MC%6QV(ZBGUD:%:16KWX2T$#M<N2PBV[USE<'N,'
M]:H:_$\NHAH;%S-\#K.(G=BHD&X*0

M[E[Z+42T\HBX:


XR1UQSC
MJ* +5%5IKF&.\MX'N-DLFXI$

J
GRDX!&0
@GN
U:ANX




8<1.=R
M]V7CY@

M*ZJ[EVWRL^6/4Y8GK5JLR/6[26Z@AC\UDF@\]9?*8)MXQDXP./7&/QJ:/5;*
M03$2E?)4
XDC9#M/0@$#(.#@C@T 7:*RM+OI+S4;]#(6AC\LQJT1C9
@Y!!Y

Q7S?)YMY



(;2:TM9+AC#+.BL5
RKN.T9

3N%*C)!8# _$U)%JEI*X/V@QL(
M#*\3J5VKG[S9 (_3Z4 :%%4EU6S:.1P\G[L@


MMI K[&V






P)D\HAHV
M&U^P;(^7/;.
]J +]%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5


.WTB]BA



MS/.5&!:





=ZBG/V+7=+M



R*Y
F!UK6HH YV#0;L6,%I/- 4^P/9RN@((!Q@@'KP.^/IVI8]!D_L\
MQUTZTN49&$ENG$I1@PW<# )'3GKUKH:* 
W3[2\CU&[N[HP*+A4'EQDMM*C


MG22V(#
J8($PRI.1WV@ CZ58U&SFN+FQF@:
&VF+D/GD%&7MW^;-7Z* .;AT


MAK8!R



XK0HH Y?\ L'4)K:VM
MI?LJ)'IS6;NLC



M*2$
EX+J$
3A_EVE7XX[\C/8^U;$TT4$32S2)'&HRSNP 'U)I8I8YHEEB=9(


@ ?




+5$-FL!8

:VNGZ7:S^?%)(L+%%;8V[J$SSTQCC)Y--






MRF3\O/3CI^M5-]V=;L[V1+4W$EA
Z! 5 &4(5FYSC)YP.IXK731-.25)?LP9

=J *

M$EK&+C3S=[F#-AAMR


MH).


M





M@\E2X$15O

M;5;2 HH4


5:02L3*Y
M8N



3Y!#+E=N[CANN3]!TJ
M6YT4Q);1V$688%951KV:)ESCHZY..!\O2K5MI

5Q%=2-*]S$I17
\C *3G;

-I/-
M-81*%:/RV=@@(9L$85GZ9'.1G/3CG3ATJR@
OEPX67.Z

<^@I8-5U*[U!A;6.ZS29X6=MHP5)&[._/4=-G3O5N30[7S]Z3G[009?])D

;B
X+?[77WH S[/4M1N/LAE%K&+I)0%56
M;8R]#G(R










MY'3E2* 

M)CY!Z*9./O\ 3Y.GTZXYWKK3K:[N()YA(9(#F
K*ZX_ $9_&F'2+$H%\C@3&

MJK:=!=LEF?-O!;&

6F07/GV*O+%YH4PNQ^Z%ALGG.3VXX-

M^YBV0Q*X&

M5+B2$0
/M$F#&/X?O?7\SZF@C-JEY;7^H3,Z26\-MZ0!
'+EA]XMCJ.3Z8



;M&I!4M
[
N.F&)W#&3C![T 5O#J&*._0K&I%


X1;2V


$'YO7L/QSI9[V6.QAN]2^Q))&




V
M
%CR%)V]O3^= '6T5RMU?&'^TH;*^9PLL+

\8K8T-66

]N16%JEU

M3P0#G/7M0!U=


MDXJKIU\LES96ESJ5S&A6Z$B2S

V6I+=6.F&^OI%CDM
B192OF3@@%

UQ-8Z=;'4?[-B%G'Y+R(Z[Y
D


M&DQ27K1D:?

M'=\\V2&&5=1N''RMG//%6VN)GN=8^SWLMS=VTO#$) &V'/[L'GG'!SSB@#
MJ:*X\O(E@UY'K37
:SP.XB:11#\X#[B78@;3RIX&



M&[G.



EY/%%Y\L-PTEQPF(V(Q'T4 C(8@


:L!

%6U=79I(NV

%I*]
MKJ[H#J:*Y6]+;HRPZDDX&-QR


9)Z#V]*
MA_MR\YX?M=OYL:[W3S%W*N,Y(SP,$
MBJ


'VHJ8@X#'WYSBAKZT680M=05B0$,@W$@9(Q[@Q159;R
O:GK=VSM*JW$3-%GS '!*?7TH FHJNMU#-'')!
M<P,CL &#!@WL#UI1=VQNC:BXB-P!N



&['KCK3-/U&TU*%I;.=)D5RA*D'!!Q_\ 7'J* +=%%037EK;G$]S#

]M8[E+:2YA


MAJ%KJ4!FLYDE0




L%Y;RQA@A=)5(



MZXJ2@ KE9]
U2\F;]P+;

2Y@GNM




4ILI8Y
I(Z95F;.(W'S =20WMBN@H

\TZ/3;O9%:2VY/DWC7(NM
MRD



M

(5[
+4YQM'V-V$ZG(XD(P5QZ<!L^IK2HH Y:/1G6UGCN-.GN+B-95CD-
MUNCD#9Y

B@#G



M+;2@
804V'Y@!NP.

M[=ZZ6B@#
T6X@^VFX@6%9;EI8P'!.#CKC@=/6M.BB@ HHHH **** BBB@
.4[-\;MG<1A<<[CP

MY?-^967(8[2.5R
9SGVIIT6+SK6875P'MY3
2-G[UR


T 4;'7Y;YF
.FSM&T7FPOM90_3 )90


\]N!ZR:79)I^G
M06J# C7&
D_J: 
/7[J[FCUNS=(UMH+)94=)6#Y.X@\#U7IGMWS@77US[()X

JZZ[:@+86
KQB3RI)8TD8*_?G9MV@\9W ^U32:1YS





M3EO^^C[8LV%J%N[F^:!H)+C;E&8$C QDX)&3['H!0 FI:A+9SVD
-MYSW3F-
Q(XQUI(],2*[FGAN+B-9FWOK#86_O<C(/ Z'!




^VK91[8_
$WF7



M4^YWZKU.3^?&.

MLXHY79I0



TD
MWAZ.=;I9+^\(NH4@D_U?*KT_@Z\G_OH^V*]UIUU)J@E*7+O&JB&X MV48'5M
MR[E)/7:



M1SN^7O@=






?@!Z]:@F
MT5)[62%[RZWS

_AC






C(Z=C@]Q3]
T]=-M3;I/-






XJ2RL8[+SA$\C++*TNUCD*6)) ]LDG\?I0!GOJ]S!?7B3PQ&&.2.&';(=S

7+AR548 X.1T&?

M]KW
UPW]^7;G_P = 'Z5/0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444

MC0!MHZNBNC!E89# Y!'K3JY[4=2=([XV=TL$=C:B:-552)3AL Y'W?E XQ]:



M*4
Q;$9!)QSQ7/:=/=_9]'M8;H0P2:6)#MC!8
H3G)R/XO3L?P .HHKDCJ5W
MY5OJAN'

MS C@]_7@ ZBBN=NI]6_M*2QLKN


@C:.IQCWYH W[

MK/(&=PN2LF
#*

VT%U!;2RJL]P2(D[M@9/Z4


_&KJKW$=F?LI;S2P&%*
MAR.^W=QGZT 2_;+?[=]B\U?M/EF7RQUY S^9JQ7

M&H=2LJ C!R



&OD
<_6H=4GO4CNK
M/[=

M\O,I/S9X'/;%,U2[NY].U*UN;J**2WTXO(L.LS


ZR^&9'C8.K69P5.0?DJ@IU!FBM+6
M_?









M2
!T ZX_3C%;% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 51DT72I9
_I4L=A8XC=103SI'Y9E\H#(]!G) ]LU;HH K?V?9;Y7^QV^Z9=

QQ#$
:1[=G&.3DY[] .M6J* (YX(;F%H;B*.:

M8#;N.


M #DD]J 




TR6L*RLVYG$8#$^I/K2S



@* #H



?W(WB4JO
MT&

$#/08JQ10 @4*H50 H&  .*K+9QVT
JZ?%



)
3R
MG+-D'#


M^449@&!8?
-KL1NYYSW)K2T*RM[:SD2 W+0RL6VW$0CQQ@@(%7 X].]:M% '
M)2:?-9$26VG%_PS+IGA1@&6.0\A?90S?BHJW]@BM-8T^UCMI# +.2*3;$Q
MAR2,X&P$_/GZ\]JZ*B@#BM/M(HUTR&XTR=4CL95G7[(Y5I#MZX&3M;KUP/
M49W=

G$:Z9MV?9'V








M5H[Q73)Y
JR-%'(R@$#'W1@'KTY_2L?387C32\VM['


3@]




N
D''-1BS7FG2VN6M/M4K11^5(5CA:



M%I;R:PDDUMB2*ZE9;B6V=FD8E@H+;-H .-IW'H!@&NPJG!IEK;R;XED'.0AE

UK:)!;V
4T






#R57
M# *=QXXP<\5;H **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 



M/U-0:KXBD32-1:6V:.:RF2.58+DC@X(*OL_#&/6@#J:*YW4_$[Z;/?J]B'CL
MA$[
LW+*YQTV]1Z9_&K.J:Z=.N(U:V#PLR*7$OS?

MK-Y_:'B,Q(;?3[=2 LQ5ONLV1\IY(_+ ZTL/B3R].A,5N\QBLDNIS)-\RIC
MUV_,W!]/J* .EHKG+OQ2T$\ZQ6:S0QV:WBR;&Y1VV\'KZ_A700R+-#'*OW
M74,/H10 ^BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

?WE
MZ8^3IT_*DN?MM=17L



0FMQ;%(]@58QC@94GM^M:UK +:UB@#LXC0(
M&?&2 

M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1152[U&UM(Y&DF3=&





M



M&9)[=)TW;'4




MN2?RIMSJ-K;+)YDR;H_O(&&[UZ?2@W14$5Y;32.*XB=R

M'8G
;E-N1N)!QP

[3CC
M(YQ1!



'1AD
M.AI] !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %9USYTVIPP?*L:HTJ[N=S*5 ) [?

M=U^[AC8;

XQ_WT: *-@G^FRHP9?]'CXY4CYY*J

M

=A#-&Y)FC$)D
M/0''#_0$G)K8CACC@6!$ C5=H7KQ38[:&+.U!R-O//'I[#VH JZ@B0:+):Q*
O'%:=M;16D7E0+L3)(7)('T
M]![4X0H)3*1N<C&XG.!Z#TH @TI#'I5HC+M985!'H<57BCN?-GDMI5&+CYXY
M!\K+QG!Z@X_K\$$=O$(H51KGCH


)=



MD3216D$

YV)%*BDX .]LG@?3]*=8N7O5

M/M0!BWBG8S@##338.3SC(Z?A5W369[V\? )7:DF


QNN7!?[SAR&/XBGQ0I#
ML



M:T[N%U;3($=I#'(2Q9CN8-AG/U(JU)8VTD'DM$-HY!!PP/J#US[U-Y:^;YF
M/F[0?0?YQ^5 &.Z





VXM


A0
#GG\Z 






M6S9^TE@%B )'.
'-7=0RTT!C:96'SN%9_NCH-HSW([=C5J:UBFGAF??NB.5

V_




MH0;BJK[ #.



T;DF:



M_A^(JQ65?

T 6X[PR2;!;S##;&)VX!QGUY

'C)Q]*+9;I)95GD26'@Q


Q@7;
DDR[E1XF&.
GG


AF6:-74
N[/RL
$8.#Q4-P\




J1.Q\QP650I)(& 3Q]1^=-2Z#RJBPS8/\ &4*@
M?7.#^E9^JMY6IP7(!;R860J&*_ZR2

M9.8Y='$JBY6%@)

44L
MT3@#W7_&F?;(S;03JK
)]NQ1C)SS^@Y/TK


HJ[A$'&T'U)'1L$XXQ[]


M )(T9SW*G!J:LO3(-ZSOYDBXNI3A6P/OFKOVN+[=]C^?S?+\S[IVXSCKTS[4





GO4MD5YHY%5G2
' ZLP4=_
M4BF7X=[6.!F4R2
@8@8& 06/L


^M0:A#]LBC0(2%=9/FCR
M#[$$BL_2PTN+O[-&IBFFCVP0JI8*[(.=WM0!MRR)%&TDC!449)/84RUG6Y@6
M559
CE'&&4^A]ZJZ@5$]JLK2

$#2:ED3W4
@16

PSRF.,2%E^]F)EG@X)(ZX(K*:*XDN=0.RX;%[%L(<@!-L6[ ST^]^M:
M%G_KM1P


FFD


NEOP3^
M%OF?.??&:CN%VQW! $8.HQ8(' QL&?TH UI+V%;*6[1O-BB#$[#G;G(^N01
M3[BYCMH?
DS[*.I.



N%...O/0=: )ZJ
MM?P*COERJ




M23QF.094XR

8''S'!.![X&?Q
M% %FJT%A:V[*\

MJ34L



M'ZF@RL.L3C\5_P : &):1I;I &D
:C&&D)+?4GD_G2FTA:XCG(;=&/D&X[1Q
MC('3.

M8I5NHVN'A&?D16+_ 


X^Z/0?E4U%
M $4EO#)+'*\8

@9Q_
TL%I!;PB*-/E#;OF)8YSG.3





M=*Z 6-L'5Q$-RMN!YX/K2FR@)C)4YC.X')ZYSSZ\\T 8^A2
;^Y252S0N(58


10D$9DV\XX.0 !ST'/X;L-O'#)-)&
M


M266*1@=T1++ST)!'\C0!6LIENH'$4+VD@($@
6

MR=K2




MK
I*Y&#@AA@@U)3(XTB7;&BHOHHP*?0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %4[
M?4K:YNYK6(S&6'_6!H'4#\2




0*


35?0U9;-LZ@E^A<E)$!P!Z!BS%OJ2
M:HZ_]D.M:




NG1O=7+21:A/#*ID=R$


%5

/O
M\'.
'IBK%I/--J$TUUK*VKQ/+OM\
#Y63M;E]N


MS%L-M&1SZ'C X'2@#6JG=Z@MM
L2P33O@


M.#@8.


I':W4EAJTPLC%&PF\[
M?MD+XVAFSU'4=L=LT =?17


MB6YLY99KB&&XMIXROVEF5G##;L8'DXW8(Y(H Z WT0U-;#;)YS1&4';\NT$#
32I$8



0I

VM:-9!/;A6#QG!

V:K0R7$VO2!M46





L0!TR:Q/#\B7

XX-.KC=/:W273;,:A.BRRWRP_:F!)



CY@3W&: -&BLY];T]!(6G(\K!?\


MFG6M.Q%BY#-
&
:*I9VV]0% SD8Z8S0!H45%;7$5U;QSP-NCD&Y3@C(^AZ55
M?5K=-2ELG$B-%$)7D


/OG961/


YO+*]GN7D6XB1_+:'9Y;$9;:<#*\C&<].IS3;JZU!=3FAAN+)(8X!


EQ&CE-C




M7UQ!-*;Z)8X$B0JT:LY9RS J

M5+.RD*7$I4@!FPC

-


%O*S6?=Y8
0V!DC(&

B-]YD

M]
M
3-+;QR2



B
58KDD XQG )QUH T**R;;Q%83QHQ
R
M22

;O;.: +E%4-*G


CCVR2?3GH** 
O$ATB[-C'1989)#%(DSQLH9L@[@/0\K@@XZUO44 ,A5
MTA19'WN% 9L8W'N:Q9=.U22^2Z:21HGDV!I6E&4A1MX!' SSW/M6[10!R
MZZ!J$EK:6LYMDCBL)+.1TE8G+8&X J
_='&1U/ISI6EGJ']J1W=T;5%6W
+)

O'244 8=WI^J7=S'*[P!8Y8I402MM7&-P
M(C=SD@GVX'6FG2]0C@\J(6K@7YN06D9?E+E\?=//./PSGG WJ* 


C%9XL+^207

MQ +8'&2.:I7FGWK75X;9H&AO8A')YQ.8R 1D #YA@]


Y(+ $9R/EY QUYK3HH S
M]2M)Y[FQN+;RR]M*7*R

#MS3+7PW+
M8/M-OIU^%MXX&\Z/'E[

MDD *%P05&/N@]3UJ76+26]T\PP%!()(Y%WD@':X;!(!QG'I5ZB@#G)]*U61;


A1L=1FJUFFJ1HD%Q]F*( //1FW/C_8(P
_[
MQK1HH PAH]SM:T+1&S^U?:EDW'S
[]^W&

MG8_*^[@?)U&\_D/7CHJ* 
&VTS4(+FP)%JT5M)*21(P8JY..-O7!Z9_&E;1[
MIA-:



=!Z]?;G0HHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ K \3ZB+6()'?1VT




MBC(B VMC(;:N

M\2R+9W5R^EW&V&+SE.UU#+GN750#WP


XYJ%M#1]
DT]KZ\
#KY8RRDHG]T';SZ9.3[T 0W.N3VWVW?8C-I$L[_


MF![4 5K779;AK;-CY2W$TD WR@LKINZ@ C'RGG/X'K4%OK]S';VQO8;='N'E

MCC./DP














D@5U!\\EEC

]BEY=I:RJ4$

'..V.*F;2MSV3?;+D-: A2-GS9&
M\OIZ8H K6^MS2M:%[

@D GN.@[T


B/\N[=N9 <  C[
MO6E\
;A8W(;(*WDZX+%B



X#L
LS/
H:


MTH UJYW4_*CUN42/J9W6RNBVKS

.;E-

DOF)'



MN/GC+
 N

$$(NS'7C!H AG\
M2



$?451ETM'N8[





M(MYVN%SY?+-G.?DZ?

M]
]/7I715GZAI



M
AFB6*6.1HW57WC(/8X&?RJW52QL19&?$\LOG2&4^9M^4GKC '%6Z BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***Y6XO+NTO-3

M(Y&0: .JHKG&EUB.XT^UN;V*
S3R1NT 5W*^667)*@ \=E]/I3'OM2C:Y8WJ






[D=0RG&
@\BH[J[M[*(27

=-(1;G:!&WEN @.
YR0#DGGTZ4 =
=F^;<X

%H]

?C0!TRN'+ !OE.#E2/

MD_4=J +%

GKVK*T
M.1K.XO[#[
]HH_TBWCF*\*1AAE21@





.,;=V?EZ8]J:E[J37MI:F[ 0W<MN\HB7=*JQE@WH#P<


J[7MHLRPM=0B5FV!#(-Q;KC'K0 S^S+#]S_ *%;?N.8OW2_N^_R\<?A37T?
M3'W[].LVWMO?,G<W/)XY/)_.I&UR1W1[RW5HP2X,J@J!U)YXQD?G2K?V;6
MOVI;N VX_P6PD&S\^E $)T;2V<N=-LRS-N+&!<D^O3K3O[)TW&/[/M/O[_]


AW.8T


MP /0GT4 1S0Q7$?ESQ)*F0=KJ

M\S5VB@H-,L DBQM@DIS(OE+ASZGCFK**J($10JJ
  8 %.HH @GL[6XECE
MGMH99(CF-G0

M']_;V##!7$-F(]X]&Y.[]!6@^GV3VJVKV=NUNOW8C$I0?08Q5FB@2SM99(







MM





A(

M1130RGH0?QH =1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 8FOW5U9WVE-;W




M;0W2OY$LK2%XV&5#9]1SC\
U4;1Y[NR:UGD$
;OYCR(=TKOZYZ+]!GCC- %G

M?)926UU%;3+&%6'RF

MPP?]V2%B(Q@ 'KT&



MV&!PO:H7TJ\7
Z30O/).L\R%




M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 


Q0_:AJ1L$?:=G^^1

M2P8HQW@@\


M!&RM'DGN20XX&&&._%4M2U^ZLM6AA3[-+ ]U';.JABR[P3DMG /^S@\=QF@#


DGRJ77JH)P2/2J'B&W@T6T
MT^ZTF-8;DW
:9C !G!!R&_O9]Z .MHKCM1EN;R'Q0EP\3P01;$C
?(PNY2#G



2)'< $EBV .@&3P/8<56ET/39IGFDMLR/*LY.






M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111

M.?O%NU %BBJD.H132Q1JL@


6ZY+#&/^ _

10^4N%

X^\P7^M

T9@)VH7+;QC;FI(
M[I38K=2J84\OS&#]5&

1&2
%\2
MK$005^8D#N.V: +=%5X;B26%)/(8;AD?
.G;].?QIYDD$2MY)9SU56''XG%








M
3()

(NV
.4MAN8[N6&W/ H NT5 L[FZ$#QA24+Y#9[X]*
MGH **JSWJ6X+2QRA0P7=MXR3@?J:DBG
DC*894  .YQ@'VH FHJE=:C# ]NH






M_:(CAG+8S*O SV]JC$-XLD#N7&+ERY
W'EY;;QT_NUIR11S*%E174
& 89Y!
MR#^! -+)&DL;)(JNC#!5AD&@#'M4=_#$($AC3[

MS8^0BC^1K8

1@\CRU\K;LV8XVXQC%(UO[QNT2%HSE5&5^E #;F0PJ9#(J

@D*@N!@$]J2



9BNFG$
M


G9C
MR1]/2E\J


R^8!


MFUM[M ES!'
H.0)%# ?G4H4#H .

M;T

 PS@@Y!

M.@#

MH RI+0?VU:O

]LYR/
MPS6D8T

21(L9&-@4 8]
4IB
M0R*Y0;D!G'0'&?Y@# L;8F\E=HRXBNNFT_W /ZU;U5/+N1.T2NBQ
YS'G+

 X/US6R8HS*)2B^8%*A



M2=.E+0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !4$MTL;

#RPSD?^.G\J9+J5I%-
M%$TR[I&*C!'! )Y_*LQ 7FTQ55B4OIW8A3@+B89STZD?G5N24MJNZ2-A'#$3


X4QQSK(4D=MP4+&VWOG*

MKQ5=M3A1924FQ$P5_DZ$X('ZC\Z3275-+C$C*'B7$PZ;&ZD'\ZHS$1Q;YPV;


M.:KZG!*/#\\+3LY6W;?(3AFPI_G2W:W/VJPQ)%_KCM^0_P#/-^O- %R:Z2&T


MXJ+5Y533[@-D )DM@X'XU#'(8KYGQ)+NA& H.3S_ +1]Z +LURD4\41!)DW'

K!'T^X^0'C 
?4?B:MQ









[@[R!MC;:![9ZCKWJZT'E^'9E4X-


M1DXSCTK.A26]*RF2YBD622

JI+
M#;/%$V 2&+@*!W(R#^%7+T



M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4E+10!'#D%(Q@%F;KW))/ZFE\I/-


4S2QJ0[9

FE^SQ&02

HDF



Y4%B?YU-10!%+;Q3;MZY++M)!(./J.


MR(O+
90


MNKBZ5GGM1#&0KQ
)0^]3Z\ @CN.G/!- %RBBB@ HJEJ=^=/2!A THEGCA)#
M!-S 9/Y]JNT %%1M+&LJ1
X$C@E5[D#K_
5)0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %

M4*#\A#9)&!UXXYSZ_P!*?0 445'%+'
&
;A@K%21ZC@B@2BBL^;5(TN;.*)
M#,ES*\/FJPVHR@D@]S]TC\* -BF.7#)L52I/SDM@@8/3CGG'I_2GT %%5-2
MU'3+)[JXWF-.H1=Q_+VZ_0&K0(8 @Y!Y!H 6BBB@ HHHH **** BHXY8Y3






Q31_Z

UD]K]C
SW?E+L1;
MF LQ!)Z.H'EG''( Q@&M76PC6D:R69ND:505VLRKU^9E&2P]L=Q]:T:* ./T
M^VQ_9L%]:7++$]RCKY$GE;S;05Y&

M=P2N





6


M0EE*YX&T ;L9 QTZ\5)XAM&NKZV6X%S]B




D6?\ 1[4
4E/\3*4)4D?Q8!&.M=510!S$

MA!&0F=J'G'7/X].E=A10!QL\7RW2_9=0VKJL4R@0S'Y!LW$8'(&UOIQCM4DB


:QLTKO(@A:/:6.0N& ) ! !(ZLFR6U7;+ICFU6^

$$=O'LC!QW+
68^Y)Y)]S4M &;HD#PV
D
M;HZQ&5S#')U6

M


CJ?O
M'TK

9(*CD#..X(Z]74%W9P7D:I.I(5MR
ME6*LIZ9!!!!Y/3UH Y);2U4V2Q6
BE[XR3PQ6DH1(RI&&!097.
$CUQP#5V/



ML;E!VG(R.AIU ''-&(9KJ9+.\
JZK'(CFVE=O+^0.5.#QA7''; ]*TM-CACN

MG*E58$=/O8)XJ.UMY_[.@CU#3KA@NGK';H8MQCE 8

[2?EP3C\*[*B@#DR


M

:V_EA/*;?NQG


M6TT+L6MXR5C8


CWIVBV5Q86TL=R\3EYY)5\L'@
Q;!SU

M$E5W





T:QQS)+&C2
M
-HVX*E0

M^E3&'[(Z/&LZ.?



MKQQ



M);1W-K(76

B!2LDDFZ.0L,,Q;G*C&,X_@ AU[3)]ACN@4<
5D*
$;;G=AB
$C!.
M

ORX!&0
M..3R.N:%TF\ANH[^$P&Y

GF(5C9OE_O$ 9 ]S@5#-KEFD
MUW#+));I;QJS3M&0HW=



M8X;B3

D3*3
P^YC.?D[[??K0!?;6].09DN-A\T0[71




M=1C\Q(9(1&]TTI D9&9&R2




&]-N,D\CMS4.B7<UY%=M-
M*)-ERZ(0FS@# QU[]ZI'2=1^W3W8%J'%V+F%?-8AAY?ED-\O''.1GFM#2K2







MJ6K/$UK=0QS-)VUE9E! )X'WA^'YUI+JEFT+R1R$?RV7RFW[L9QMQN)QST
MZ5F7^DZA)+=FV^S

M
<'Z4 :?\ ;FG'RPLY=Y%++&D;
Y .#\H&1@@CIVJ34-3A

M#C;UXSGH



2

/G[C&RJ$]22

H

Y60DI
P.YD&T J3CC(_P 0
M#475[)EE(DDS$0&0PN'YZ87&2#@X(!SBK0GC
!FW8C )+'C&.O\ *L:+1B+)
MXCIVFPR'&?LY

M% #!KNF^1+



M1KG4KPFXEMX+.4(8VMSMD&T=R
3
ML(4*?F.

';[5//I$F8#916]H\8P&@=HQ&
DD;0





M5EFP\V2)G.T%=I(W9WY/(Z;1UZT7T4G_  E%N]IY
=PUE*/
@#<HK!M]8O+]0EJL$4\4 FE$BEE8DL-JD$8&5///4<4VTUB_U9OLT=M%



M:8B


MI97*

M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %4IM*LYY3)(DA8AAQ*X





TMW86UX\;S(V^/.UD=D(!ZC*D$@^G2K5% %*;2;*;RLP[/)38




HQG![?D/043:<B03PVD$6V[9O/
MCG W Y(7!!Y)XX')K0HH 9%&D



=V\'&
?XU
M4O=:


M_MM$6]EFAD%M;LP61%+;@H^

M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@

?3-=

&6:VQ+YB%]R[L!% (_\
MKD^]=#436\+3K.T:F51A6(Y'TH YG2#/%=J]ZMK:.\K*C)%WR



MU/K0!C:1!:B^E


MR9'
C1QW!PQX7IC ZY_&J/V3R?&IK#


M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@

M6-XD4

D:A!'I0-HTOE7LES(J.F(E8G Y(R



M

MTK 1Q2?;;;9



M9#J?VN.


MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH

1K@/C\5;_ +ZH WZ2LZ]NG_LJ.7$EO+
41%S\RLQP

?-P1T&





M*SYRQUA(_
9%-K(3@XP=R\_6F1K*VJV32R!W2TDWE!\K$M'S^AH TZ*S=5V*
M]N2I)
F7()&$ ))_E^=&G;H;RYA
9^9C)N#[E4=%'MD#- &E2 @C(.16*MTT

G&?X0
8X[$]ZL:2&7$)DD'DQ@-$4  )YZX]!T]Z -+I


)


M2VEB62[\BRC8LDIE($Q/][^Z
D]?O5L33[F@

MB6[=V\_=

@!(!R2T8'!X)S].3VH V:




ENS'GMV!_&@#
M1HJE:7%S*'2YM6B*K_K-RE6Y(Z Y!XSC]:SH;M;?25FDC#K#:I+(PB#$#9DD
MDL


L-V?Y
F3[XX]LFK%% %2QAFC$\LX19IY-Y56+!?E@9P
\#]:@N-.9S J;F'F!Y



XVGU^M344 9=MI$?

MS$1A9(T4!!CH6S_Z$*2*R4SSR3JK;IO





UIT4 9-]I#7
ML\S

M3:2S9:

M8WN-FPDY  &3GIWJ+4=/^T6=RL9)GE0KN9L9]!]*T** *J6$$=W]J7S/-(VD
MF1L

MUL\WY


G*^Q!/N2
5%86=Q&UOYL$2
M*BN&(?).3QD8_J: )[6X


M=Y&!RN

EO$K2SNYV!FPI^
M9@#WYQS5YB\D4J^24^7 R1SQ[57BLUC@21HY'E 1B@;NH ]0.U #%NIUT!KT

2@LO'4 ]?I45D9A=7 N

/G



M*VU.
G[HR&_
^E:-F[^5
Q#2
)F& ??MGM4%IIBQ37#8
8


\C;6DRPQGKC- %19YVMK1V9XDC8
[N3A\Y502.V3^@JQ)=
MN;2^

M_@/6H=3T\-:+:VUJ[;XS '5AA5(P=^3R





M!F4MSGWJI-;3M)YDMH9&?#

Q)/Y$T 58;B:ZALY)+I8Y&*DA8R &*9
MVGYNA!_R:NVLSRP3.TK


N%15)EXRA)4_F:M




1
.] %;3;FYEE\MY4S_K'7RR0
MN2<+N+=<<X ./RJ+4+M[)KB]:=MJ1%C$AS@*1CJ
GG/U'IS:BLY$N8IW17P
6)R6Z

/[O7CMFJDE



MVA8&:SNH(C*8?.DV% ^[;@[6)'/&2



Q3W<]LH8/!M))'# YY'KR/J* +-%%% !1110 44R2
M1(HVDD8*BC+$]A1-)Y4+R;&?8I;:N
MCL
X% #Z*BMYEN+:*= 0LJ!P#UP1F

M








F7D<L49DED?RUB)DR&/&<J,=?I6
MHJA5C. 


-TP X.#D]@#

$S;5P[


MU$);::.:
]'C8

M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H



%N


# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4


DCT'X4 6J*8

;=V/;.* 'T5!+=P0R;)7VG:&Z=B<#]:6*YAFD*1NP&2

M
 O
@!8+U[GBI%EC=BJ2*Q R0#F@!]%%127$
+!9940D9PQQ0!+154:C9E2R


N


M 8J2J


M4E0_:X!DS2!8W(LPP
G@4 3T5&\\:
0Q.1UPI-1B\A:-75F=6Q@JC'.?H*




M5  3DX)_#@4?:8//$'G1^:P);AN/X4 2T5$USDPA9P'*[L'T^M*)HBP42H

G#8X88/XXJ$Z:')$]S//&008WV

\BDD*KD8SG).!@9K4

 CJ*CM+=;6W6%79\$DLV

M.*DMB@U9XE;/DVR)EFRQ.23GU.-I/U%7)( \GF ['V[2R@;B/3)[4T64 $6$



 ![C!H RDE

FGQ.


M=/:1S0SQG(



MH']* *.E2;M1NOE8?*J






)!++N\P2'+9W$

FLTGNX+AW?
!+*@/R[BN?R)_.@A?2RI?E=





MX).Z)64#L=V/\* 


U%LD:)))Y<:[%4XQC\O:G00+!&R*20S
ML^3ZLQ)_G0!7M$5HKM9 2OFG=QUX'I61'<L\\^7AY4

J!DCR^.!CC
MWK=@MC#$ZB9V9W+ER!GG\






=O:@OJR#[-
M#MEE.]
S
Y6:9Y'*J
M %S@=


M'U_2ET\3)).JV\*IYY#8?H

MS2?
^]AQR?RH H

SDF22-?E4':N&X''X_B:=IQD:^F:3)D\A/O#:?O

A+$ERS#


ZIMW



C@L1
?FP./\ EIST'8T ;+NL
M:


0B.1Q@
,^G6L
MW3852_GDCBQM#'AE3 /+_[(SVJG;K&TCQG DE
XW*#D*)CN' R
Y7GVH W8

''*L

KN4J?R/- $U%9\Y-QJT=


M#O2(Z2('C971AD

M#US@*!^52Z;)(?LKRSR-YEH)&W'C)V\T :
LT4*EI94C [LP%+%+'/&)(G61
M&Z


M@]^P&:M6^5TL3(?LNY_
&26^4MP



M





M5@/[ISVS_(U@:JET]S?_ #JJF! 5[&


MTCCY??WI=*8A(P9;A\A@ 8\(






%

]U%-

LRD18\M84\M5 !
M&

F76/8X485SZX
M]N?SJ6* 1N\C
7D?&YCZ#H!ZI ZEF4,R]0#R*'=8U+.P51U).!0!%9VYMK
M&&W+9






#ZGD\U


L\TGVAT64H2BJ
?+]1



5SS@]_T- %=;
BUF@\Y@92QW

M].M #((1 K@

)
M-OG1+'TZ8+'/_CU+#9M%


F-PI






W9!''0#Y3FHK)'2
MY5(G$LL*)'*3&4 !Y)XXW' _



Y?-&$91U(R3UJ.&P$4@=9C!V;  ,I/D


JK

MDMSE'^T[


\.\DJ20W
M!'.6J:.R=(Y
W
4I.2LD?F<]SG(/YDU-;1SHA^T
MSK,Q/!5-@ ^F3_.@!/-N/^?;_P BA1+/%^^4P
&. CYR.W.*L4R579-J/L)



K$_S%BN0


V0

(L-&NR5).(\9VD''7VJ6


+=MEP 98]PW0MCK[C&
_2DNW\^]@LI%VQ



M./US^GUI;6S\B:25BC.X #!
QQD'\/2LZ.25IIW8W$B?:\CA,.
M @YZ=<8(K92SW7D;&,1V]LACA08(.0!GVP!@?4^U(UA(6=DE5UP)ONYP H7
M'UXH ALI45KU\NBX5MX4' V_[(QGVK*TZ=UC5QYF#+=LN[:#_K3V(&.OUX-;


MS.VZ=PVY% ( 51C]/UJM-I+AMUG-''A BB:
N%49P!AE]3US0 E[)YOAV^D(
M+JT$F(RH&

^VV
ML9\\R 



MU;


MI0!2N%+7AD:961)O

YV@Y8#/'4?E4


WMI.TL0CC9F;!

13VZG?0!IYYQWI:Q0TT=T[(6265H
MXE\T;F?,2?KG?\ D*?JMRT,TBI*ZOY2[%7.-S,01Z=_H* -8'(R.E%9$8:

M#0HJFBE=1=%=]OD@X+DX.3SS6?J
\DVESIF1M\
I !7)*CZ#K0!MT$XZUG6A
MXO9+97D ? 5BH61L DC XZX]
BJ]S)MTXIO81[U5 Z%B?F 'S=#0!M4E4;DF






ES*%C





M0LD#EX05&W)ZE@ 
YYZ?7GBA]-GN3#+=3X:-

MR:FLR1HL01\D-RS


W7,'DP(H7().[&<<?A]3
<C*<$'8&4D'WX/Z5$^F$1D0JB;%(B4L3U8
Q9




M1)%P$1R^Y=N




M0?K@5I4M &;#I\L-I81*T;O;OOD)R Q*L#CKW:@V$WE7:#RLW$F_.3\O &.G
MM6C10!7NH9))K9XPI\F0N0QQGY&'\R*:L=PD\TJK%F0*
%SQC/M[U:I: *LM
MJ)KH/( T7E[2#W.X'^E



4CQ1R ;RJJ3

M:\



M)SG V*O/Y&H8=.
&II/$L:0112A5!.6:1U8Y].5_7VH R'NW^S3*2CW7FW/E





2*'
JE4V[
MF.#U S5-RXDCG;S#

MNEO$


4LKPLBJ'B)8%F^4$J1TQD]3Z5#;V
(/
;2[J(2K%YL3QH2W5BIQV)_*FZ=+

M

M9EF/DLA#1'GYLC# ]N




M-9LZPHDJB.
DG?&';/;!/ ZGL: 
N:1)9VFD
I9TV*H*Y+)*5XX]2#4NKY25
M0&+-Y.



GKP * 

M&VC:A'7GK\W6I;?3S;R1.@C.'RR\X0;=HV_0 #GK[4Z+3HS(\DZAF\QV0ACP




XQQCMCVI!%?6X*6RVTB$YW2
RL?K@')
M]^* &ZU




7M*!5SYK/G(SWJJFCRWDC:507%T



M+83BYBMI TZ[H]X39\HXZ$[0.] &A11574?^/5@5+1GARK;60?W@?4=: +-!

M/+*L\XD)F\RX$$D84KN&X-ST[ -FC6'*WTRY&TQINR3\HQ(21SQT6@#H
\X[


!+.=D@)X



M#EV8

J !Z?7KGD5F&WF:4C?(2$PR

?6@#H:3(]:SGVP:?#N
\BB5 &P$93O  QQQSCZ5B7MQ
KW%P)CB-V
M4H0?FV




P$9
M/7&3]#0!=HJEJLTT%I(8BC.X*QQE3EFQZY^IZ=!4.B22/IUK'YB*8XDW($Y*

?
2W3./\\FI-(N$ :*0W/VES


NQAL**!R



F_8-IQN




M2+SB^9=YPF& 4$Y'([X!]B1WJU9N\S.YF9E4F



MX!R*Q/UP/SK1HH SSIV=0,Q/R&+;GYSG/I4DUH\C1@2@1QIM&8PSY]=Q_P





M%6[M!):7B0JJRW,W3+;=H)_2JDNE
;E9D\K7'F[
!AY6S;^9S6K10!GQ
M6$G]G6EK)(JB)$WA1G++@C!]
CTYJG=6%^7 @MK)T\Q9&W2E

M^M;E% %?[



Q]+$K

_&IPQ
MA(8;%E487YV0'\

M@MW$96*
0-<(J* K Y$F2G



M#V]J$DV^8S-(^TY&68L0/SJS10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!'

MD9U!D('/8\4 
OKAA?6\4[0TK;/XB!@(?J3G\.:;932(IADGB$HE*MNRQ8





:U()IO)O//


]





CNY]DE\VW#+&@B+D 9[XQW+?D!3M4NIH/M#1




]P$MEE#PXB9@IVR?


M!Z9_


4MT'(1VR5RNT;B.^ 

M 64^TF%3OB9SDDE2N/;&3_.J
%W

MXP



^6(SSCTR: #4+UX6FB
IW


M)#


M\5:;3&&+=






CJ?
M7G/O5:]TSR[ );K+-)';O BEQT90
\_05;EM6D2


M4%GI]S';1S1R

MZZ9:6!MH;&%1

M0Z3=M
D2/

M3H;I;J%IK:2-8XF0%F3 R03T)/8?K5FQM9(@WF @

MWV=E&%B#!@Y8GG'I[5FW=S



M


M) A)+D#!P2






M'Y1STZG(/XT :-%4+N4W/^CQ/)&A/SS(#T]%..OOVY[TZUOS)-]GEBE609P_
ME

L


4GG
69D
M!.P'(9@#T'8'C^M &C17-W=_/'%


M$5L!B




R%0A8GCYLC\JU:* *ES:M
M

I+<:9=Q)5=XV5%)'S9%7:* 








 GG!SZ5I



;=I!//(-:AC/D&-975BI D&P/KR
_AB@#E])DN&_LYK
ZC(^3]K
M-PTAC9=IZ%^



DC&

M%@O+I'M4\M9 4W

MSGCBK6HW4UI )(88Y/[S2S)$&.I.#].E-?38Y+J&9Y97$+;T1B V
9R1NZ

'J#V[CGT- %*'6I+R* V%H)I9+=;AXWEV;






R

MI+=]Q4QR*PZ'J

M1&*


M3I6G_;$S:9]K2UB!1I%E\VXV(A0D'YMO.2../KBG?V#$+B.5+NZ3R[AKA4!0


MDP

8PV R=L]\CGH






M@* 
&+7[J.RA-Q:I)=3O(8TB
CC:K8).V
D8R!T.?45;@UBYN;F&/3GC9X!
M.PG?RRHR 1C!.1[XIW]A0JD7EW-S'+[O%*K+N0


8PIY!/

ML[L_)T^9O^^C[85- B6QDLVO+J2*5F9P^P[MQRP^[CDYYQD9X(H O7]XEC:F


MWEHUM

=F7SR$(W1G.
M=O!/L.OTS71B'-MY
DCRY7:SM@


MA?R^N0!%UF-R+A;*1@;#[4CC!9EX.P#KGI^E7-
OAJ%J)U
)!.



R!6F /W
'KD!NG?%:5WJ)C2T^R1).]VV(M\F
MQ/NELEL'L.

1N[RUC
M)R
P%U&

M.B\0B2Y8&SG%L-_[\1O@;



Y8'ZT6NNRW#6V;'REN
M)I(!OE!973=U !&/E/.?P/6K


1W

)BCDD=2[
-Y!V













M C(Z')&

N2))X<ADCD4H9;8JX.1CS4Y^E5K[4K^TN)K.
M.990T\<:7$A5/+WJQ*DA2,C:N,J?OB@#I:*YLQZBUYI\-[J1BE_? FW*,#C&
MW.Y,;L-CH/8#-1C4[RV-NUS=RLL$TD-XL8SDL(VX7O\O3':@#J**YNXGUDW
M:Z?:W







:




S!2H


M/GF\MI$B! 9PN

M2!03Z\4W^S[+=






M7$G^]QS^-6J* *G]F6&(A]AML0C$?[I?D^G''X4U-'TQ-FS3K-=C;TQ HVMQ

M3[=OFE 6QZ9ZXJ--

84\=.!Q[KE4?[31M0MK6-Z7$;
MR+



]:GHH I)I&F1F
QZ=:(8VWH
M5@4;6XY''!X'/L*L36T%P5
\

C!QGU'%*9HUG6$N!*REE7N0
9/


M *L6G6


MA[1&% 4#TQTQ4E4],O_ .T())/):$QS/$58@G*G!Z?2@!ZZ?9):FU6SMUMV
M.3$(E'\





#HV

M*&V
TL)O5





MH Y&6.9)KH:?:7*B6S@+8A=/


MA




J7VDKR#D%@#GO7444 -95=



M63QW9L3%$8K299)I

)?EP
M71D8YP#\V

M[+

(_EWE3C.
!QQVP/2NS

M6










S72P6=U#IS7:.PC@&6B\H+
M@1L#D!@
C;^HX[.B@#D5L;:^M8S#J%S:SF!\Z!V7DAE7:% '\6!@'H
=*2

'+.W;3IGNE
ML7R2P2%DD Z 8^5B1PQQ[9S6U82._B*9FAN%#6<2[WA8*6#.2-Q&
X8?Y!K
M;HH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH H76H6]O?K!(LYE$#S#8C%2HQ

8AM[@F: SP@A1YBC&0


$_/VVKQ]?7





MCIQV]30!1\1SSVMC%-;W
S98R9045MN H8\DC(/;FNDLX7M[.&&219&C0
M*65=H./;)Q^=5[QGM;R]FEN(Y5N9!(%6(J5(4+UW'/CMUS0 U]62*[C@FM
M;E!(Q192@V,X4MM'.3P#SC''6JDGB!VMH+BUTVZDBFE6-7;RUSEL$8+@YX/4
MG3Z)--J(O/MB[TF\V(M$69!L*E<EL8YSP![YI\.CSQZ5!:-=H9(9Q*L@AP.
M&W8*[C[]Z )(]8WQW!_L^[6218SWE[F+8QCY\8Y'.?Y&M%W6-&=CA5!)/M

/5+]





4QO$2K*Y)*D!AGECUXZ<5'#H-S


Q9@B(@RS
12):6IM=H@*EUXP<[C@



-V2/I@'FK-KJMO\ V?ULEW.\SR*
MD;8\UBK$
3O(  /KC' QT%16NB7EJ^FE;^!A8PF'!MC\ZDC/\?!PJ_CD^P+;
M0KFV2!UOX_M

M-Q'/S;$E=FW ^^

@C(]!
MWH SM0U






M98LL6V@$@@@#. 2

Q@-M:W9$MR8)51D1T*MAES


UCLMEZAEM+9K
M<-Y'# [<$C=VVC////2@1M9@@TR&[BM[N:V:'SBX&=B#NQ8\_3DTMM+(?$=
K'MZ?4@&E1110 4444 %%%% !1110

M!\PYY[\55T_5;Z\:S5Q;H;VS:=
(Q\MAMZ\_

4\4DL
U6;;6+^]

MCTZ8Y]12OJ=ZMFY



$8Y!YYQQP: -RBN9_X2&\GM9[BWA@C2.P6]'F;F)SNRO&
M

M(Y]:;'J=^9E

MFFA*1ALJ4+X.XGIA


K21O'NW8*@CKZ-Z?GV -1'21 \;*ZG
MD



MRE@Q!SGJ
2XG:'?(





M^DR??/\ %]ZE71+!)/

MF+2


5/?7D=
MC;^=









^E:-S8V]U+%+
A
D08(RN5(SUZ'V'X@'J*L;@&DC)Y ]:1&+*5
M*'T.
C\J *$.AZ? ;?RXI
6Z



48
\A 3^[@M@CZ^



'EI*/LY8Q@SR$#/7@
PO3)]H@)\R


8I?
63S0PGD'SX W'YN3

M3PR
K1B)LSR$E020
[LXY/X''2IX=
M8;M;I!+YRQB(
T[M\H[$$X-2VEP;F



GF
5W?/NXSC ./IGWYA
M\2W*YU.VNIWA L6:U0.4$K;7W=#\V..#TZUU%% '+6]\9+RZMHM0*DV
+1QN


M'@UT&FAX]




ZPQ7$!6Z;.\AL\JV=I^3(' W#&.*

?=)P#G/(Z\5C

MT*@/M((/W@N1Z\5T]% &#91%9Y+2:[9K.9IS(9W)9
H#SR.2
'@[#QS6--
MJ7E6%^]OJ-Q'&UD)(GDN?

V

ZB,PC!WA@2,@#.[/0D^MM)EBO]/L[C7#/%);S,S)+Y88 @J<Y+=-
MWS;N=O7K75T4 <=IDT=W/H]Y<7DF]]/D#38X#@IG(SC(Y)R.V3THDU!9]!M

M'_ @?H1ZTS6[\6VL-$=2-N&T^5@GF*-K@KM(!'4C=UST.*Z.B@#E8;RU^:.7




?./0Y!./I@U-TH XUOLL%U!$URZ2'5V#!YV) V28
C)(2SAE
:@

M[ZXBC9YXIGDN/N$*2

E1/JMAT[27J!8Y%B<$\(Y_AZ=:9I&G_8E8M8V%M(0%+6

?3GZU1O]-U.X:^$4=IMGGAD0M


MJ%_2JESINIR?VF(X[3_3)8W7=.PVA54'/R=?E'Y^W+[C2[Z8WR VXBU*
+
&

M

MJD3P'RK




M-MW1L
Y&P9R!W/![=ZL7FEZB]O=10_96\V[2X4N[+PI5CGY3W7'XY[8H TY=




MTOH[N*%U293*F\!XG7&.N20

DLDEW-$SRVLD$C1FY)X(7 


M 'ID@\^@/KD

*P

%@

C!]_P#=V8W9Y]*=




M-K)=?9ED/F$D#*
%8CJ V



E,U*QNYKIIK7R2&M7@(D8C!)!!X!JG-H]]=1&&7[-&C6/V8NLA<ANN
M<%0/QH V+6]@NS(L+-NC(#*Z
C#/0X8 X/K59=;TYYC&MQN(E\@L$8H'X^4
MMC /([\GBC2;$6:
38V-I(P ;[(O#X[GY1^7/UK&L4;5+G5K6&6V:W_M!9)&

MRSVT



8.  


M31)'9XM;B21RL['*L&''R=?G/Y#UXO:/:WEA;1V4@@:W@&R.57.]E'3*XP#T


@
 1@'(^;IQCK43:-?B&[M_-M




1G=M(


C=]TX8 D'L:S;/2=5MHM
53:*]G:RP%_
9OF;;M8#:
XVCC(ZTV


6B;:X9&4@XSW

M]3BL;FT@D25FNG**4C9@




$C)Z]


M[K# *L.

&D0V

M#WJ.'7)+B#SHK1=K68NX]TN


M1F CE+Q*54#+!B@;'S ?=Z_G0!M45C^%%VZ&JX(Q/.


MC#!YKO$SR'S3'L3IP0


)!
M. T


MHTL )IUF(S-\@
;[2-V
^A^[WH W**Q?[5.I6


MG:2!SPNW SSE@?:@#8HI*Q_[6%TD(EM]ME?DQP3)*=Q^4GD #;D X()_@#9
MHKF]%O'.CZ7:74)$5Y;;$E64[BVPD@X (R 2#^52Z#=XL-%@D@+M+:;Q.2#

-['


=

MP#@-D#..IX%
N-=EL_-CNK'_ $B
Q$I%*&4K(VT$
0._&

^8Y7@GV!Z]/:@#1HK(
MDUIHRTWV=39I
+=YA)\P?=M/RX^Z&.



]M)YH;Y/G.

=?6M&H6NH$NTM6E43R*6



)1_M+


M

CO'AUD5T(W*RD$$9!'4=Q5(Z!#YK2)=W:.\ZW#D

?\\U8
MH R+C0(KF!DFO+II'*;I_DWL$.Y5^[C //3/K4]QI?GW1N/MMU&Y@
&$*  '

\P\#;
MC.?I0!5ETKSIK:66^NG:W)/.S$F1@[AMZ8XXQ^?-);:-#;;0L\[I$I6!&88A

TSQOYORAD*'*8


EMM M[
0?9+BZA:*


^V+$&E+




D2.4PP/9L+GL!^%:U% '.:9I
RM(LB74/





&GV0




WIQ5_Q TB:!J#Q2O$Z6[L&3&1A
M2:LPV5I;^7Y%K#%Y8*ILC[03D@8Z9/-3

M&B-I:I
LK*A\TG=G=\N-HV@?+@^];=E
]Q903R1F-Y(U=D/\)(R137T^R=85


MVS3$TS3XV9DL;96=/+8K$HRO'RGCIP./84 





MC;#Y

N;NYBDUB



M7/V9C;VRB0)O()=Q@#N3G ]R.M11W]XMMY\EW/MM;WRIE9(]S1D@ M@8&
]1

MWX&* 
73;R]EEEMIKM_-@=I=T@0;X2H*;L*


PD\^YB<M)%Y<D3B60(QPQ V*<=.#WX..6Q3:E#)922WMR\4]Z8MLT*(6CV
M





MGK2YOVL]/O)=0D8S7'E21B.







B\#'(QC@C.:T[]YDL9VMR@F'87.!N[9-%K;MKM(Z
MO-*VZ1U7:< <#)P

_(\<R



_[I]L@&^FHV











5(HUY9W8*!^)JK/J^GP&U#W</^E'$)WC#<9SG
MT[9]2/6H]6@N'ELKFWC


&
MY1Y2M&5^G4Y.
3'-]NMO*D;:C^:NUCZ YY-.;4+

M!Z'!/W1UJ:#2[RSM]-2-A)(D/V:X?=CY2

M$/
7

MJZ!!/:Z+:VUS%Y4L
8C(W YP
9X]?\^E0:];75TIBMK=7662-I0$W+D#Y8


.]M)6D6*ZA=HO]8%D
M!*?7TI]Q&TMM+&C[&=H;^Z2.M<ZVG74]G DNF!&M;22 H'0B8D  +S]W(S\







=]'
8S[T :U
EBCG



MGGU#55F


\0ZB8






YP1GI0!L457BN?-N'B$
@HK%R5V\]N#G-02:HD5\EM);7B





MD:EJ1N=%GN+;[3 J$

9///'!H W*KW5E:7JJMW:PW 4Y EC#8_.
MJZZH&%P!9W1EA=4

JR9W DG
M:#\I[T :RJ%4*H  X ':EK'_ .$BL)-173Q(5E=C%N#H=KX.5(R6!XZXQGO4






X!SSVXH NT5E6^N17/E&&TNR)D=HBR*N\KU4 D$'ZX'O3XM8CDM8+EK:

MCO5F?5)(KRT@%E


MB90
_/H#0!J44U&WHK8*Y



M((XX6B
1B))#$$G=N]5';U_#17339=
EN_
L6C:.-1'AU4@C!;/.

X</*ZKM!(4*
#)P

MMW+9Y ;G&


'YCGKGVK69@JEF(  R2


MK.\$30Q-Y.
*V
[ADACA0.P]JUJ* 
.'0'ME1[2ZC@FCF:1 D)\I0P *[-W0


MN+2>6
MXS6E10!0FL9Y-8M[U;B-8X8VC\HQ$E@Q!/S;N/NCMZU#K.COJN4-R$A:%XVC


5O44
M17
 N+66W)VB1F1VR,5F+H]Q&_F0WJK))L
Y
]1#2IOM7GM=(2]ND$J^3P^TDYP2< [


M58BJ(

M6S
J_:&3S!'WVYQGZ5/0!CVFD75NUCNO8G%J7R!;D;PW_ ^/UJ9-(B$-]!(Y






MV/?\+4UA-_:!O+2X2*21%CE62
NK!22


\'VQ3+C0I)GN E\8HYKE+H!8@65UV]SD8^4=OSK:HH PH
MM#NT$&Z_A8Q7KW9Q;$9+;LK]_C[[?I^+G\/+(9V
ZQO(48-#%L^=6#!V&2&.

PC&\CIC
M/7L* 

_05$VCZ8^_?IUHWF-O?

?3M0O=5CLXOM?V65[)+CS$13YK$D$8(Z#
4&;!M!!R#CZ\T 9 GUUOXK:2[




SSGG.WKVST/?H9[











F-H)_+7^)MF['


M22)'*E3MP
C@YQT/XUNPV%G )!#:01B7_6!(P-_UQUJ
Z5IS6ZVYL+4P*VX1
M&%=H/KC&

MLK5K@W#6T)G*[3(8QN(]

NHG-T9HWV1( -I;#+D'GC'.1[
6=R8@7Y3
MZCCCI5*3PY:MJ,,R062V:(RM:_91ABV6SG&?E7MV_( IQ7KRW.EW=Q+&C?8


9KO59
MM3FM[2YA\NR




MN

[D

M2
=: 
R;4VU*WN;Q 5M/-=;9 0SA@#RP/!^@Q5&.^UJ?1I]2^U0QQO:/+&
MJ


^G%6;K4[


MV_45-Y
;T
UMJP+ (ENC;..A;/S'!SUZ\=.@M[6*V

MHZ?HXM;VZNK@V\\LTIE1Q!M:/( (W$GC 'IW_  SH]1ODL9KJ:[+
MZ;0XC4
M1HOFA-^

&GV5M

BD;



RA;65?

MP T^\+'3)(YU6&1[C;A2V!@\-CGCMU% '82RI#&9)6HO4FGUQHL0UEJ
0T
MW$#^1


=?XNM7:Y:XM[0WT$2V%RUDMC

M0^PD #(*[A[@#=TZ[^W6,5R8S%Y@/R$Y(YQU_IYG:.%W2
R
JDA%(!8^@S
MQ7*V


3GT7DC]*PKM!(^ISI:7KN

M
GU)P/UJ2N0FLY)-*N;9[ 2QP30
KK:LAD DR_R'J0





(4+E%(!('7


M


M_-TSU'7WQ0!V%%


+1_9]F&+ []P/(



M.V;39FD5;E8FFMY
1?



M

M\_F_V4J1JL









'/'% %VBHH9XKB!9
MXG#1

AATQ5:+5[&579)_E10Y9D905/0J2/F'N
T 7J*H?VSIXA:5[CRE5Q&

C21/Y17R')1CTRN


'+ 9(VD9SR.
M


SW DLFMEFC\


KN8@' R
'KTZ]^A!H LVNF6MHP


M@$

*


M1&K69MEG$C[6
4?VM8F.*19MRR[MNU&8_+]XD 9 !X)
M.

%SL;:&/12V
 G(X)S4ES=0VBHTS


Y&
M*M'7-.6*662X\I(E#
\MH;I(9;

.!@#ZXI=6O6T_3I;I4W;
9ST4$@%



Z\M

0 .23V


&5AD

?V9HH[]KKYI&#%2

MIK6:Q16Z.C+L@7:J[L]/SJ@]AJ-UI@L[@VT;0^6T4D;LP=D8$%E(&T?+T!/7


M;

M[F5OLT(E@A5LK/AXW+C(VC*DG'7H/?AEWHE_?SW$\YLE\U8?W)!D4M&Q.2


M?9FD%J'BNII6R,PVR;CQ\HY!;I[=:WJ* ,WT[58[40EH$#W4DLJQ3L-R.2



0Y(VG;\P)
M_N=\8SWQS9T:W59+F:*42VK.?LQ!R K89L'NQ/YM:B@#.N[6[&I17MGY+_
M +HQ21S
5&

6W  '/4_+Q]:V6=

G\C0!@WFGZAJ*1[#'';@0O'$TK+L97!((V\Y ZD\<<9YIUSI=
M^8M02 VS_:KA)EWNRXP$SG /]S]?;G=)P


^F1











]OPJ*^TC4;^UE



;/+Q
MLR-NW

-D#;C.?3)_.J


M0D G#YP#VVD9]ZBBGN=4TI[F5;9K&YMV98BAWJ


=30!GVE[=-

NFV-PL
M44DM_P#ZJ../_5X4DYW.H;H.



MCT&.
UK7\LD%G))$\*.
GF59?



!XY&C./0E2
CV/% &=/JM



MO(8\
N7+[XSN!SQ]['3GFM-M!T]HYT*3E9W$D@^TR_


\+.VT8*DC=G?G
MJ.FSIWI+/4M1N/LAE%K&+I)0%56;8R]#G(R
=L#ZUH+I5FEQ).D3(\GWPDC*
MI/KM!QGWQFF0Z+8P&W
:2C[.6
0



;;5(R

MG7[

'MQTIO]@Z=Y?E^2^T1F(#SGX0]5'/ ]NW([T 6[+_C
MR@_ZYK_*LR^U6]MSJ(C@MV-MY1C#.WS!LY)XZ^WZUJV\6T0Q;@B#:H9BQQ


MPN !*/M$GS@=


*8N9?E0]


GM[G2;2K-IQ
T;%QC/




MU+K\MQ#HUS):RB*55X8KG'TY'/O4UA:_9Q-*Z(D]P_F2A2,X P0
\ =A4U
MS;Q7=O);SKOBD7:RY(R/J* .;GGN-
U#6+N

MXP.M7O[4U;5)(K2R\VVAG$,K97T!)R7!&,]-ISZU8ET'3YC.9(Y3]H01RC[
M1( RCH,;O\Y/J:FCTJSCN!.B.), ,?-?Y\# +#.&/'4Y- %F=G21XT\QU4E

M@CU%5&TJS:)XWC=U=U=BTK%L@Y&&)R
'I@\4 4FU2ZBUFWM'DMI(YY'CQ'&V

MLJR @K(95 D;:K$$$@9P,Y.:B_X1[3OL[P;+@Q/()64W4O+ YS][KDY^N#V
M% %^+RH\$1^8WS2-&FT


8)Y&


M$42R28'RNVT_*KMR

JRMWVMN('IM//?-2OH
M=A);I Z3&-&#J/M


X#




M$D$N,!NFTYQU%6-/U*6?4)K6YVQ2*6*Q-&RMM!P&)PX/7(QC(&*L?V7:?:




)IUC58UGGCG
M





32[?M!G$EDIMWW2/B1\\L03SQM()S]X^E)X
MBFEMC!



:] T%S


QP
^@KE[._LS!I(%U 3_:LY_U@Z$RX_P#0E_[Z'K6YXE'_
.=.:Y13<R
\@1AW$,&
M#%=VWD-QD\\5NZ*K)IZJU\+X;B5F4'!4\@ DG=CIG)H DO[^*P6%IED833)


M4\W]I*+N

M)=VVD]-H ]L8I]_J$

&X$
4Q



M

^R62-HI2Q4 \ Q'[I X!'#8]33[^YTZ/1KF:WU-IXGDBR

FU2/ESAP3N




L%SA 9?,*J47(R23C=N_(CM4<L\;ZW/#?7DMJ\;(;1%E*1< G





XFM-4*,-3PW^E
M;]R&8XSN)X*Y.1@G&23S4VHW<<K.]Q/-]KAU/\ T=68@0B0%6#JHSN SD
MXSVH [&BN4M9IY;BXFN-9%M)&9A+;E6#(OS;3\SE0 
$
%^N:KV-\MQ'81/J


MQJ
;:7JR_:9&MI;!7B\ZY\TER7!YZ Y !4' /Y4 =R#D9I$8LH)4H?0XR/RJ

4VK
4EM9C



MBBN+EH)XKA'#7)9BZLN/E7_5D G&


[B%Q

2!()5VG'7G.*JC



-Y;.6?R
MUQ*


MW);Q3B=HXHQ)RX !R


+102*L;Q-N#J5# Y_&




M+2Q#

+S6]W!+$G#/'(&5?J1TH L45DW.L(MUIYMYK62RN

M@2#



NW(&2

M$S[=WE!QNQZXZXI$OK20RA+J%C#_ *S$@.SZ^E %BBJIU&Q4

G'
M7CVIFGZC::ETMG.DR*Y0E2#@@X_^N/44 6Z*S]6OKJPMI;BTCGBAB:60O

MI+;W4#(SA0X8
K'.H(/7M4B7,$DSPQS1O+'PZ*P++]1VH EHHHH **** B



#2X[N\3S+B;:7$1&.P&,D<8YQUY.,U/K%
MO)<6#?9P6GB998@!EE(.


M;AX]RDD$$9;:00








M.U@D]YL-Q


HM D
M

MMA
3][!5N^#G




CIW'O724




MG SCZUT%S:V]W'Y=U;Q3

!5& !]* .?M-'=+J47%O.\JS2RPW7VIO+&XG'R

^ 
@-R 1CBNNHH Y:[LKV



MV-O-;-S

Y




M





M
\RAK'RXOM1MF9I1N!QP0 /Q'XU*VBP-
-CN
?

CH
@


7D7EM-)&I!!V;2&!QP0






MI4CLIEMI$+QSE' (XZY4 9[8)Z4M]JMQ9:E
'AC:SAMO.8ASO/)' V\\C&
]

P*1^PXSCV)(%%YI5O?3.\YD*R0F!T#85E/KWR
G
MO0!GGQ%
D#N^F3@B6.
$AT4AS@'+JIX.
@ ]14MQJ]W;O/$VG*98+?[0V)_D

M6B;P_'.+D27]X?M-NMO)_J_NK_P#KRW_ 'T?;  ^ZU:6VOX(7MHQ!-(L:.TX

G/IBK)T&%I
M#(UW=%BT;DY3)9





49@ED


'TB^SXO[P^1.]PN?+Y9LYS\G3EO^^C[8 (
MH=<C2RMY5M8K83SRH5ED*K*Y#98 C<3DX[G/-;1DPF23@+N;GI6;#HB0V

M'JJ7&K7$'VZ.Y%Q&+F-5E#^5V9..F/E_

H)




8)R-I&#CI]*FFUX6S7 NK9D\N..5-C;RX=BJ@@#@Y'
M09IUUH

M IRI&U000
6OSMY*2:9
DDL_D*6W(A.TLZJQ'!_A[?3*/K-Y(
A0I&J&ZN6*W+72L2H(9L[APHX.X^_/!% #?$+7!AM8H889HYIU
M2199H8?W3A3D'O_ .:BAU&.P@V]HJZ=%/]G+K*24<OM.%(^Z&..OT&*OZ
MCI_V_P G_2Y[?R7WCRMG+=B=RGI_6HO[%M_/=_



NW.YCD_= [U#+HL
ET\_GS

]0._;ZU##HL

]
M^ 20* *P\0

4=G;Q3RO&93^_
M 38#@$



FIJR_$O_(MZE_U[/_(T

M&%;E-X^Z



MR


 L/GP

M


\3'

P&YSY+*$7^\




M6V^R6MTV](+H H[+P


1S%25:2)@Y4?7YA_P$UTT6\1*)2IDP-Q48!/M0





RTLQ\D=/-;:FV)W#'T^4'GVH O44U6#J&&<$9Y&

$9JBO



/:0SAYDSD!3C@@'!Q@X
M)&<'B@Y162/$FE^;-&9I5: @2[K:51'GIN)7_C5\W< E@B\P%YP3'CD, ,
MGGI0!/1110 44A( ))P!WI(W66-9$.Y' 93Z@T .HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
.V6[N)$ELMU
MVXF;=#/D< Y^0]?E&.G2DBGU-?MQ=)]H.H6D36YS([!F5R&?!X8XY!QZBNP

MGFD


M\CUINFZLT=U:$:G)(&U26$*]R7!AP

M+R0N%OMJO&

 0HSD_09ZUI?\(U8


VL



M &&*97.




\[L9!(%=#110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !

MCK@CM^=
TZ^EN+ZZMWFMIUAQEH 1L;)RC9)R1CKQ]!186MY!J&I3RI!Y=S('

2R'IM7H

M3N;?[2GELY$1^\H'WO8^WMWK/33)9C=;YY8#]H


[AECVQ;6!QDJ7/\
M457ETYDU2VD@1RGVDW
WSTR.SN!<EC!$$^U&3?O^;;CTQ_6I(K5
MAJJ2BW\J*&*158


A62
I+M
M)*$C@DYP2* (IFN6EWB:-/LQ+2*

MV6.&WD$;N3\V

!&U'

UKR2.B[MBD 98EL8
M_2LU[:[)M;DQ+(]L



@9Q\P&#Z






'WHOXVELI40

WY#WY.

M#G%5I;.9E$
2DA2

#_ '3T


_='EID?GG\Z@N'=;Z:*.2=ML'


YYV$



M;;R]--K!_#$8TW'VP
YGN)E8E4$!E4KO($F&VY]P /S(I]TEU=Q6;FU59(




P_F*FLHY

MB=-1CACD54
#.0S!1D


9)&
MQRO48ZBJ=OI\4BW*N9P#


MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

M)/
?]P2)#M*\?-\O!/KV_$ @G\2V

N)9427 CC


Z7'D&-@0SR;1PH8X Q]!U/
MO4(T259)9!?
08MF65]N[!(..G.<XJW87J7UN941X]K
MM&R.!E64D$'!(ZCL:SGT2=KF&Y%W$)A<BYF/D'#D)L  W?*-N?7FIKRO;#]
MV)XIDEN))I#Y)7 8EL#YSW/H?ZT :%Q/';6\D\S!(HU+
Q[ =:Y^]\3Q3Z/J
M?$^FW ER\Q*'^\C%P2%!&TGDD@8.#R.*DETNYN-02YN+J%D^S

-C=7WFJH BD6+:RE2I;DAB!Z ]Q0 76L



+R.




_C3)=

'YUBQ(W& P.O?!'6@U87RW\
M FCBD1&4,A?&&4]"?3ZU9K)M]+FT][B:T:'?.R_(D.Q..K$;OO'/+#VX-:

G
+4#]H$[RJTD(* ,,,I4$
M$CIW[@![:RXU&WMA8W'ERP/
S$ 
NT@8VYSW[#N
9YPZ/5X#;0-;075P98S

MNK1;5X;^
3PQF%F
!*R(3D#;NX(/?/X4 2MX@MBN8(+FX_T?[0/+CQE._+$#
M(]

M9P0.]PLD$J2^4T





MY8[AA0


'L[Q3;[/.










]S-*]Q?)AX(XAY4!4JR-N5@2Q_B
M).
=
#Z@$EOXFL;B
-&LS
9A 503#$9'*$KCWS4ZZQ&TL+:X\]I6B%OA=^


\]S/'&2N2=K-@$\ ' _R*O0
G!XX/'2D?

MWWSW)X^G/J ;$3L\2NT;1L1DHV
K['!(_(U0?6$CN6ADM+M%^?9(8QB0H
D*


MO- $]OKUI




%@*LRMCG.XX/RKV/?UXO6NFW




4 :=%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%









MY%!'OMXIH+\0RDQ
RNPP58?



F1TST.* -

8!8 ?=W=
M.] '345S]]JNH)J+VML]I&PFCC2*6
O(Z-C
@PPX&3Q_LGFE?6+Z*WNKB2.



M/4]4DU!H8;19X8)1#/(H503@%F&9


M52#N ^4DX(*^M6-0U:^M%U?R_LY^Q01S1;HV.0V[(;YN?N]1CK0!NR.D:%Y&
M5$49+





;




M#E1][G';T[5I44 9\VBV$ZRJ\+ 3
K.$E=



M89FBPS DX YX^M6Z 

98





8^5C@


_LFQ)D+0[_
C
;!W9@%.
@ G
M!P
XQG%7J* 





-MY/E+L7RG9

D



*.SC2SQ2.VY0P

MAL3!I\D]K'J+
[1?:H'@6
E;E% ',7%B7N[A%M)?MQO5FAGV':B?)N(?& , @KG)]*L
M6NEQ6^J2V*6<(L=ZWB$(N VNW'L1N!_#M6_4


<A\\

M PH!#9!(SGOFNGHH P]
AM5\0ZC(EBT4C8Q
;5D#?W\.1@Y/OSUYHC+Z5K-_



AT

G
M XY/3-=+10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4

M=
TZ^EN+ZZMWFMIUAQEH 1L;)RC9)R1CKQ]!186MY!J&I3RI!Y=S('CVRDGA

X'%4[BZD^PWS(LP:+S KJ




MB3L))BJRG








M^:+[1NR 1E@-O49_'--U2:Z
5\T!Q#%;NOWMIWXR2.
\#'?N?2G6\5W:7&Z6
M#[0) %#1N



3*S[3D=P .IH =:7$8A=VO/M#;0[+E24R.@ 'M52
MSO6%OOD:XWN!
Z_*=F]B O)[8QQZ5I6^]55&A*!4'S$CD_A56WT]1;J\R.9/
M+52@?&=I)'ZF@!UO=


?




M@6V@.[%HR6DBW

M#%*MZSL&$?E@#

2F21I


M5%4F7C*$E3^9H LVLLLL4KB0/B1E!:/:/E.#CGD9!K.2ZDDM'NC/(;
[;E'$



MWW1I$R@2

MY$7*@[@
@MT]@:EBN6FN!$DR;D 9T

%OW3\
MDYZL#V/ P#VSTSQ/IZ
(I&DB


M%3V-L0[7





U26;_CVCNH
MHO.&

C)7I\V15O5;I

%F(+XC!^;/U]_6K\
M


M(TJ+F


M5_?'YFDP0-X&!C/K^M &S152*Y

M*0







MH **** *;+*TIN3&6\M2(X@1DYZGTSZ#_'A=-25;8O/&8Y)9&D*$@E03P#CC
M.





DLEE)#:H%0

MOHWV;[





M6
DD$_=8D]/0=ZVJ* 


/*)C)VX+%\8+#MSWZ=QH327']
MG7+7



W

$[
G;N8DXX'2@#?BFBF4M#(D@#%248'!'!'UJ2N2E
MN;^*'9:W%Y$S2R



5;+L).3&#PFUN@Y_*@#J*CBFBF4M#(D@#%248'!



%4=N2:KZ3SI\9&-IR5]ADX^M1^( QT

M+R5G\S

@]J;'&D4:QQ(J


!GI5FL






S$G+8(R1


M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
G %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 ?_9
end








begin 644 exhibit10-21x14x1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!# ! +# X
A .#0X2$1 3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB



M69)4#S0'#VT#ON SAC@*


MK%)


5FD@L[IW5&4M((F1E' Y)!;/KCWH V[2Y
M2[A\Q RX8JRN


9D(/S

M-*J.

WE2I:HL+#HG .3Z
MYP



M5H=7:6ZVB


M7=$D




9 7:2 QQG&:P+#3[B*^%MD%E3Y@SLN0%AZ'GN
=.Q




M(]?N^XINFLDUS=213K.H1(MZG(RN[(S_ 
J&RM)-.L;!KN6)5M+3R7P#@'

 F1U)^ZB8)8^P







$?GCZ@T 6:*A

1WY' - %FD  & 


'&?NJ/XO?)(_.IXKN.1)
%XSS^= $H  P!@48&2<#)ZFJQO8OM8AWQ[2A;=O'7.,4R[U.S6YBQ,K
M2I$-K<99PG7V)_2@YUH P
#I5'^TLN4$3EQC*A)
@$X!/R=.#^5
;5+;3Y
M?)R;PXAB=OR

ZP
YB!+#:XP0N[!)3CC'

!MVY=BP
M7)PH^I/3Z4 6








W$F2%!QG&.AR
:L6-V;L2DQ&/RWX.<_=5NA Q]Z@
MU1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 9\\*_P!KV\S'+;'53_=''3_/I3+=I7FM
MVNG-!&0V3PS



4'DQ1(D7(V*N!SUXH R+8BX96AN86DBM


M;&Q?
\S:-^-N?:DDBCE4+(BNH8

MW;

MI5U#*PP01D$4;%W[]HW8QG'.* 
)!(MW*98(Y=MNKO J @ N^0!W8#'UQ4\J
[EBAF9((B/W6

.% ]?5FZ





M0!1


_2FBRM5QMMHEVL&&U 
$=Z *UW%(]];(9-L7S!0H^;.T\DGK5&T=




M1F!FWL?
=0

V
M^@N8K2\*RQ!'8N%



V]\C'?(R/QJ*!76[F,L,<^U(?,1$! )+9*_0X_ 4
M :DUXL-P(R!MY9RP !)PJ_4G/Y4L-UYUU)(F'E ;FR 3_  _7'/XBJ#(C
MZI
%



E01']VQ7.&.?R4U)878O--M[P


L;^8@
M8KF

MSXYZ8SU]J )$U;S%MBEM(?-)!&TC&%9N

G/3% #

X9]LC,N8
MR&VK@]2 5R.M7[\,C18_.DZ1)YA4Y]L#CW/I0!9MYO.C^8!9%XD0'.QO3_/
M6HYKQ(KR.!BH!4LSLV-O91]3S^1JHEM#+JOA%N(R&?]ZY8C'&.F1G\/QIC6
M9?6IF1E\PI#(S,,\!GX'Z4 6[#4H;Q=R(_FR1JF\$ML8KG]




LFX?WACI

:E^1UZ9]*HPZOYL5O


3GGH!G]*I.XC*%%C
M)1O*4

MI.X X]
'G/!_(U0U:WCEAM1;JAV*1D*H& RCT(&35:*.=&L0(7VNQ 5=A5L(







.^;\'
[X3*?/S]
_E5G4R#9
M.
CJO?\ VA0!;)P

4IB,M@CJ-PSC@$^U &[;W*7!;8K +U)%0R:C'%Y8E

8XTF?Y;B20[C

LMN[L&(*HRY7TW9(P
M2#BH-*CE&FJ%E.X@X#@87YCSZU2(/#D\KL?.43XD)PQ(9L'CO0!MPN\B;G

05R
X/44 5_M?^F/#Y





=NWV.&1A&WFW1D!9

ME:3Z@_P_S^G6\CH_.K8]#TH ?1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 -*)X4;
MR V.2!G _4_G38X8HFD:.-$:1MSE5 +'&
GUI))C')M\MBNPMN'08QP?3K^




[OK1'#%% L
4:I$J[0BC  ]
5#)
P#*58 @C!![TM1S2I!\LAPB*68^PH 58HU8LJ*&(P3CMZ5&EG;I$(DA18


H(!50
 XS_ %/\M!*9=H\PJ%+=\#M^IJO:7T5
MSD;D5][J$#Y)L1G^1_&G75W]GEB39N\S=SSQC'8 T 3111PH5B0(I8L0!W)
MR3^))-(T


M4^6-W
K#J /8D#ZT 6GMX7F$SQ(T@4H'(YVGJ

M%U4

Y3C[IQCC\#39+F&.)I6

@T@C0%



^Y/8#J32PW0FGE
MB$;J8@-Q.




:D2??!
M'WOKZTB6T

@@Y!H 9%;00PF&*&-(B22B







HWOZ4V\MQ9:-!;L=S*JQ;]HPN2!N


M*

  8 H


?4TVV9CJ
M=RJR
F<=^G

\J%RS\#)&!Q2V#

LR@@%L9]?Q






3'

([

L1U&&QD_S% '7RRQPA3(P4
P09[DG %25RALO-
MTU(KC3HY8H+R/'EVC('3@



M6ZW4Q5#&[JD3*P4


N]@54?*V
E=RGCICK

NJP7D6GS(Z3H




 C=D

T

*K.6P/3))-41XBT\ZHNGB0&1G
6X.A&\9RI

#EU..0!^- &U16%IVKW!L'DD

$'@T :E[907]N8+E7:
D$A9&3..G
M*D&IE4*H49P!CDY/YUFZ

=N36??7I-]?R7B:C
M!;V(5@T$@ ([Y56)(8=R. 
Y4T =)16:-8A^V/:I;W#M$BO(VT!44@X.21GI
MVS4-WK;0V
H:C%I]O'-/'*1(ZQ




MS



CD$KCWS0!HT5EQZY

K!P.O0DCJ.& --U._G^T7-C%#-&!:M+
M]I1D^4\X/)SVQT/]: -BBL2'78;?3_

6*9



M)W
/0]

M9/$.GVEA#.3(!-O*1R.JN0&P?OL._;.?:@#:HK&_X26R:*66*.YECBA2=V6/

#:!$<9 ))SS[ D9[=: -^BL*




M.H SAI\T6HS7-M=..X(,T;1[CN QE3D8. .H(XI+73KJS26&\0P$NT2R0[




M\]:=?V

0\X+$NX21.F

M;;V









IS\IQZY%7)IH

&5AD

8Z#G/6J5YIK:=%;I; [GO5

MTRWT)X!$!?





_*1C@C&*7^QK YS 2

\,J_3J?YYK0_L:Q\N:
QN5FD\U\S.3O_O YRI^


\J1H@DFCGG$3LBE&VC
M(!RH.=QR!CWK?4AE# @@C.1T-4(M$L(H#B3!S,?\ 2)3DY;G=G!(Y'0U
M=CA2-V=-PW #&\E0!TP
X'X=: 

J@_H2/QJ.XO
M[RT:[C@BM(K:R


M0:%IXCV*3_6F8-Y\FY7/4AMV1GO@\U?C18T(


 8]N[(&_J1WS@'
MC%79=-M);S[4T9$V K

.TU

1RI
MP2#G.



M'J[L['ZEB2: 
C7K:WEU#3WETU+YLNI38A)&W/\ &0.OO59'U#2=* #V]N2T





M\#;HRDSIM/K\I'^2:C71[)7WK&X8


/LI)A'VB



SDI@Y&TYRN


(O+56+JI.6;H#D?=QTYSVK3MX([:W2(
(XQM4

XS@'''OWH SK+6+Z5[-KB.W5)[F6V9






M
@_*@#!T
M[5IM.TBT$Z1R1)I0N4 AAL51@DGG.X=ACWK5TFYU*=Y1?V@BCP&B?Y1G/48
M#MTXYR


MORCECD]N!5E&++DHR')X;&?TKCXKJ.6[TFXFN)_MGVAQ=1EF;R&,;C[O(0
MGK@ CDYZT\:A(VD6=TE^+A8S,)%-R8VD.[D
.P'1#P=WL* .OHKD[ZZ83Z
MHHOKA;I1&]E9=I+E

@G# KDXY!'Y


=/G'H*DN+V




M/*D
NI (.#SZUSK12&RN7CF^V6ZWD%P;C W2J&4MDCAMH'4=ACM6KI
MCK<ZE?W<$@DMI!&B,O*LR@[B#W'(&1Z4 :$\RV\$DSABL:EB$4L3CT ZTRRN
M4O;*ZB#!)XUD4-U (R

T =O17/O Z:G+:6[:
M&_S(_VB3




M 


M

=AD=*S)]2$$
Z
MIJ4L
7G6SQYNS(61CAOG/; )P#V//44 =ON&[;D;L9QWJ.XN(K6$RS-M0$#.

MP
2+;M&\KE2Z'YFP3S\P')YXH VJ*PM*N9!J\UM+)YY8/('28L -PP&C/W#C




D7; W[2#G[V



9Y7E
M8Y[\8C!QD# '' ZY/%3U0CUFQE9%CE=R\32J%B<Y53AAT^\#P5Z^U1KKEI)


MFU$\K

_*-N6X]!Q0!H45175


MCDB@#1HK#&N1QZG

MNYG)X ]: )**HVVK6-T
Q3Y7RA
&9&4%/[P) !]_3O2#6+'RYG
S((

@$
T;(&!&01D#/X5D7NIZC:?VG.9;)H;'YO+
3*SJ5W ;MYP

YJK-XET]+=)X?M%Q&\


+_+GH3QPO^UT]ZD?5K)+



@
CGRXA
V(G/R
M'N

M7&H7%FB3!X

M-.BLG1]7AN-
MFN)_P!_]D2:5F0J#\HW


$'@#N


2?+*\-\O&=O49Q[UO44 8)TG4/-NI?
MB9;N*Y1/F&-H4$%OHO
V<9[XYWZ* 

M+F.61/-8*JHN



[0#M&
'[HQR


M=6 YKK:* 
:P8[<#G&T=<9]14-CHE[;P:8DLM





#N+;?DQ@
MD9# 'UZ5TU% '-6MK/=VPDMW@:XBN%NA


M1:6MP(_-@B6




Z.J)B[1#D;U.4!YX/)./85:UFVG

M\2SV&IW-Y%/


M4=J;9H99&LVMY9)6.0W4-@#YO?IZTQ=*U&(OLDM7
]HEO*S;@$*[L


&&W(R1L]&/?L/7AU[IFK7
MZZQ62



M

R0NPD17QC@DI@$C.


P*1^PXSCV)(%
.CV_
WN)O[!B#EUO+I29UG.FP4*

EN9)


M/4EMK-0UHQ:WT^.82#!+C'08YZBI1KCN+(0V\4_VMVC62*X#1@A=WWL9[$=.

MW[UTL\2SP20R9V2*5;'H1BLM_#\3B8-?79$UJ+5^4Y09_P!GKR?S^E #)_$&



AN
M_-MI]K.Y16P4QGC@C)'3/MZ;5S:&9R\=S-;R%0NZ(KTSGHP([^E55T2&.:VE


6YMN2F=A

(ACDA1EC7H@(

MV!T'  X'% %37[R:SL8Q;MLEGGC@$F

E


MVOVF(-/@8&
AOEX^\


MGGT_QI7UM@DGF6)9&M#=1*) 2Z#&X

MOA#_ 
=]FLQ

')P.^.HJ*379 9VBLMT$!B+



MQIL*MD_



+:5Y4R8^2^=P.$



5 VYR



S'  N$))_.K]8%B+


M'Y]*=7



.1@XQ^E &_17*:7+?%M,M1J<I2ZAED=MD9D5E*]5QCYL\@GKSZ6X[V


5F4?-@=1N

M^._OH[BTB:Y61#?26TA:
;G 4LIR


M0?NPAR3W^93R
6 (J*J85\ ]




#I@@X[U%?S7EK-K
\&H.KQF


8.





ME5E!Y8\D\@\'ICCO1;ZA?^9:O+=!P^H2VC1K&JJ57?@]SGY!W[]Z .DHKGHM
M0O/[$DUC[3YA
#O]D*+A' )V@@!LC!!SG\*MZ

M11MZ8X)]Z -:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ I
C!Z4M(QJ68@ #))[4 4%T/2
M%8,NEV0(.01;IQ^E6&LK1[I;I[6%KA1A93&X^AZTV/4K4Q*]MG



-N6(PKM!]0,8SS3I+SED\
U*]W;1
MW6\EQ$D\GW(V<!F^@ZFECN()G=(IHW=#M958$J?0^G44 0KIE@LZSK96PE3
M)601+N7)).#CU)_
T]+&TCE
L=K LA8N76
 [CP3GUJ69G2%VC3S'5253.-Q
M]
UDQZGJ;WTUK_9UMO@1'?;=L


]Y!YMQG9A@ WTY_
M#ZT #:-I;;]VFV9WMN;


\]N1S[T 


J#WQSST%
M %J6QM)I3++:P22' +M&3@Y'/L:(;&T@618;6-9?\ 6!(P _UQUIQN[870




M8DDN840KN#


MD\B.2=?



M5MLI

C84#)/4\5#+I.FS
[2Z?:2-(VYRT


M^N


5!Z@9Z4OVRU^U?9?M
/VC&?*WC?CUQUI([V

MH0YW
V*V** 
_4TN+AX



?(F:U6)BJ.T;-O)!VQM
MD''7.['.

@QC-,M]*N;&\A9=/,
MP2RFB,B&/@LVY4&2#@ %<^_IFNIHH HZ)'-#HME#<Q-%-%L;JQ!.5&.H)'.
M
UC3V%^+ZM8[66:%D54BD:(D?,0K9&5QG[W-=/10!@31WRW-Y)!IK$.\+)

M0!FZ*EPB70N+9XUP\B;V4[E8Y'W2:IZCI]S-)J4$=MO74$55GW+B+XRP)S

M0S)*8B0/

M_J5KIES9ZI:3&P:1$6Y8LIC_=^8^Y$&6!X (]/F^M=/10!RVFV.HVMM;6P
M:3_0?LK1F1
Q

.@



MV&P6\S+'Y1@E5[YYI]I9:A#'9)_91/E:8]M(DKQ^69/EP& 8Y!VGM_$/?'0V






M&W2-F


MT

WV
M.Y!6W%R%.P[D]L-C-9$VF36D=C8R2LZV\!C6=;.5PX)'RGRW!' &





TZ*JA P)!&X\].P-1V6LQI901W45TKFT$RN5W&8






G% %*'6H(( MX

MO;KS'6(PPO%'L\L9!SR3ELJO/3CI6C:1W

GG\?PH S[



MW

M! Z
.


M




'OS2
MQZ1=)%J*?;U#7DHE5TA*E#@#!^;D$*!Q@]?;#(M :&.98KE$
ETER L.%5@%
MR



MCL:K?VPOVAH#978?8\D895'FA2 =N6XZCKC-2:58RV$4R2SI-YD[S K&4QN8

CWJL/#Z@08N




Y'\7IVH Z.H(KRWFNIK:*57

=Z@L]



QZI
MJ4J6[&6*





Y  R
4 YVX_O9
/DDF56YZ<$U:!! (((/0BL




=^@Z]/KZ&N?FGO;G^VP-0DC2T'[KR$0


N1=V2RYD)W


L'9&:Q

:5IP14%A:A%!4+
MY*X /4=.A[U)'8VD5PUQ%:P).PVF18P&(]


MX]

8'3H



MK34TZQ26.5+*W62)=D;B)047T!QP.3^=6J* *T=A9Q1O'%:0(DAW.JQ@!CZD

M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !




D
ML3SG./3'(]^M3:?=R7;2-B
Q+A0RDYW=QCVX_6@[168VID74B V_EQQB0D2
M;B^=V .F#\OO5J[\ZX:+RV4B-9
DCD




HW'<HP8F4<L%ZGZ_I3KJ\:W:09M_E7=M:7#$?3

48[LM\W;LOO0

&)8;AP.P/

M:*A@DF*



Q 6E:
M0D ^P(!Y_P ]ZL6=V+F/Y@J2J 70$D+G..<#TH LT53-U*4E*C/O*1$-D/\
MNX9].XJ2VN?/:9?+*F)@A).03M!./IG% %BBJ


;?QR;3^G2KMU=&*T\U

5/XC;Q3=1OA:QQ;'3?*W&1N^4





MK1B@#!B:/PW978&=8T0MU)W# K:D#1QD6\:[CT[*#ZFI-HP!@8'04M '.Q


M#).!D]Z* 
NX2)IK:-X8)5DD*
'@/ V


%F$N3Q]#^E3WRLVHW&U2?]'AZ#_I
MHU:]% &5$ZKJ$




1I)YUN3'),%9424,
M6()XZM^5:&J.;2HI89S))(F0J^X-^\7G/?_/M6L0#U HP
8H SYC;-J]O
M#B
R['9EQSCCG]:9JEO&]S9+NV-([1*?[H\I^@_STK3P


MK&5;.]1CGV[C\*L8_6EH YRV62/3X9'
:Q-:QCD@  #EB2.O(&.^/RTM-0^1
MY+^8 8D(P %P1V( .?\ ZU:&T;=N!MQC':EH QKB*/\ M*V@$A
OS-L^U/NQ
MCKUXZBKVGV8LX-N6+$DL2[

M0 4444 122E)(UV
ROGY@


-RL+

YEC4Y0[6,@9 #@'&2.N#3[.[:Y8AEB7*Q59


<1

 A

K2:5-



MW^J?J3R:S-9ANX]
N6D9A%_9TZR!IBV9
+C@^P;I0!N7MW]EMC($WN?N)G&3




BNS1)
MAY;(W,6_H!^= W6H?9I)LPL\4
7F2

M8[]N#G..A/I6;=0*;C4;?&YKJ&*
Y'4L7!_(?H*LE8UUJ
1.VYT=Y5#G'RA5


_KS5VV

SPRGS$D
M9AG*8^;C( [9[5/:H4\.H)5B4^7&5
LQ5#PI!/ISV[X]Z +LNHB*!'


WD_O2 %B9@



M6=^MI:R1)&Z&5@^9.A ..A'7W'& !4M_N_X2QPI8_99^ ^W^*+O0!=BOHI)
M8X&)6=T+[K#@8S@D#H2/SIEYJ6RD+'*\A8*J^6^&)/KC\?PJF-W_26FY&
M7_19^LF_/S15--G^U=T]RL06+
8R

ZK&)3NS\QB8#

M KR1/Y



W-[$@&&4(S-.07
M)16S_P/8_@#2EE6[S##!5+#!Z\9J 7J[-Q:$8&2#+R/TJI:V\


MMG'?BH6U


MAE.#@'^]Z$4NF%6L4*L&&6Y!_P!HU5%L\]U?M!.\$RSJ0XY!_=IP5Z$?KZ4
M69[X011%X]LTF
1

_B
#\!0!KWUX;6)66
R$NB]\

G^B^64;F6/&
$MAP2 .I.


M.B1QB68#^\2SG;QCIB@=M5MENY(?-C(1%;*N226R





9&#L
M ^4X[@Y8_CCJ* +;74OVM8%@ & S-(X'!..

9C


CV

MBNX9DE:

C J5/0CTIQ (P0

M1;)=@7+N8G&TD@*
8[\_E5J.YCD5F^=%4X)D0I_/% $U
\M/-\S:-^-N[OCT


M_?- $K1H[HS*R'*DCIQCBDFABG39-&DBY!PPR,BJT^H+# \N8G(6VK+DG


M]:9#;PVX?R8DCWL6;:N





C

^AI]% #=B[]^T;L8SWQ3!!$KR.L:J\@ =E&







N





M'IS71(BQHJ(H55&  
 D$48+$(N68,W'4C&??@?E0!0 9;ZTB
B-L
A 7C


MY8=5&5P1D@=.H/-;

M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ I#G!P 3VS2T4 9NFW]W?6MQ(;2&.2*5XD3SR

DL1Q_C0!O3

MA
#VPO8YK*.V(5@!&5W9SN/W?F[9/'2J\^DWT4.J0Q6
DLD]E# DX:-?-=00
M6/S9'4'G^[]

M-&S $HV
K['!(_*N=UPOBM^B6+73W\4Z[73YD41YX8C^X1^(]\ &Z+ZT-N

%@N;3^T89+6*!BIVE<Y!#D97D=
G
<DMQYZ7 9JY Z@G=D8P



MB_UBJX)3ZCM7-V6GWT





MXR


FZ387<

M3DM&5#$KV#9(.T]OXA[X -^.\M96B6.YA=I5WQA7!+KZCU%3$A02Q  Y)/:L





MJ47$#3M )HS

 1R.

TOF




 -V!P
=3U'/7 !TT5W!-^\BNH'AV;\JP/&?O9STH6ZAFC


ZG
Q]
MJ=I0=;JWE:7[()9#;R*(RI\QB<E@^6![?*/4]
T =*S*BEF(50
DDX %8NG




MH#8W$:3/1GP=16XJT0W(


4 ;;
J*6=@J@9))P

T30SF66W9HP\N4*YR&VDC(QD]NU &F;ZT$4<INH!'(4?S!A@!DX/?

MB6#'F*9 
0;X) CY8'!X[9^H^H[XJC
M:6UY!<S?:K 77(B;*NK+RJ!M.[!P

M.@*DD9(QPK#UY]

L(N83*V=J!QN.





9&=


M9&:/B0)][: =WTR!GMFF0:_:2JDC++#$]N;E))5 #(
9[YXR.H[\9H U:*S'
PO83'*D)#*A^9L8

*%?HV21D?3- &M3)(TEC:.5%=






MCE9?
/E
BD)MDSO.%.4)&

&@G6:*40^20N]F(# #!QR#GKQ

7U$1QJW6

M



MJ:G/;:KJ$D\-Z\2P0R&#Y&


M987@8!ED Y!&01@G@_G[4 6J*K7EXMIY:^7)-+*Q6.*

MM7







MB7 NOM/VV
S@R;7: D[6['YN0

A([9&*QY=





MM$N[?[$3?0N+2XDGP+8@OOW9'W^/OM@_3TY
MW*6@#F]&AF6^$NUMQ+;TEM98_+!))VLS;.O78.:VM2LQJ&G7%FSE!/&R;@
X
MR.M6J* 
.P')KG


C?UR!SP
9X[TR30YY+JXN?MJ+*\Z7$16#_5LJ;
M'+?

MB_G
6-'1'D57D)*3@L0
G'KP:5G165690SG
M@GD]^* 

MQ;K#A(MK*5)8



I!&",C(/U'2J<VBW!%N8+R))(KEKIVD@+;W((Z!A@ ,1CD\#GUVJ* $8
M$J002.H[5S[^&YWMYX_M\8DN+?[/)(82XR?F.7R3@GOUQ]*Z&B@#(6REM+
MR:]NYUGCE@C@:**U8GC//#,<$LW;ICGC)LZ-9FQTZ.%BY;J2YRV.@!/LH _
MKU% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4E+10!R[3S7^H:'J!6W\N:60P *0ZJ8GX9



MIX='+ZK=W%W%'Y$A3RECG?D*
 




B9P[_
ZMJMG
M!;33P0093&R.NXQ29X9B&QY?KCD<5L7MC;WR(MRA;8V]&5BC*?4
/PJ.3
M2K20L720[XCW[YPI.3WZGUZ^] %9KK49;B2UMFM#/;QQO*9%8+(6SP
'*C
G.: 




M/R@CM( P^\6!PO/8CD=^:GDT'3Y?.\Q)V\Z
129N9?F4= ?F_P Y/J:=_8E@


=










M

.';.\T<K#(.Z
L/E'8';GDG^M6?[




P_,[-@#H!D\#V%6

K%2!T
M^4G _ =SZF@#
.9(VLI ^<?

MDC

M

V2X25U7)ZD ' /N.: 

MPWTK3CT#3XO)\M)T\B-HH\7


AH WKR^^R75G86<74AC


CCR[9


NT!CVZ<

MF


M8;'$H@A68ASMVDH5;(Z\@9% &_17(:IIT2;&BLKBY-O BW'FPEWNH]PPF0O+



5G%;VCV%E=QQB
M]20QI;RJ!S\QV8X&!Z8SR.: .DHKEGMKZ
ZC%9Q
[RPRNLOE&*0
3PI;[KY'

MP-5KB&?S+I=.M[J(RV<#,1REV#DN
L







FC[4CGD?SHB%A1V.

OR)N9

C.
@^U:.EV


]R3@H+\-XDQ
+1&*5HMK
M$$G'?BJGB&UCN;:W
MJ+E8[F-F7RO




M;G2UA749H#=
S*\#*JH4((**HKNV]1Z]LU#:Q^4+%H;.[CE2_EL;60;(#O

MWMGN8A=2LAE%JY90%)RH92#R!S@\9/N+=OJEJI2VFNQ). 5:7RRB.RCYL'[N

A3M8@#/0' S@G- &S15'^U['S)$:?9L0N6=652HZE6(PP&1G!

Y'84 :5%5+O4;6SFCAFD/FR E(T1G
M9@.N H)I!JEF;I;?S2)&R%)1@I(Z@







M)QC[V01]W&: -FBLIM1

U)'JUBMFEP+I

A &SC!QCM^/;.#0!J451FU6RM0HFG/W Y;

0

M7WILE9
-Z_*1G\:LU76]@:Z:V#

M9MHB9LJ.N

M@VDX%TL'FH1$9 !U!..!G! )[^O2@#9HJB=4M8FBBFE(D?:I.QBH8@8!8# )

XS@-C!/'










J


?[HQR6RL8T7G(*L%/?/\(SGVHN].O7GOY83;L;
MNT6'#LRX8;_8\?/G\
=\ULT4 94FGW
B6+;HHY8T


M2Z(#K
]V;2PN8[@JQ:X3





7R121

I1VFDCP\3!0/E!!R/E


MZ^8[*1LV9!PI_N?KVQRR\TO4YFOS&EIBYNH9EW3L
!-N0?D[[!^?MST5% &2



MT[5(/[/W169^S22
^)VY#YZ?)VW?I[U6M_#]TIADN[33;HJTBM%*Q9=K.7#*


9!QSZM*B@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *



MMS

MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** *Z


M55;(;IC((]
9'2I9=9NK&[\0
LBR+ ]N$D



M\K  94\$G\ #I:*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** ($
;_6L(P#)_O<<_C5FB@L;S:U^RF
MT@-L/^6)C&S\L8I[6EL[1,UO$QBYC)0?)]/2IJ* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBD)P

MI+*_AOGN%@W'[/)Y;


M\S\1IG[Q_P /4T6UR'/DRE5N4 WH./Q'L?\ /- %BBJ27;O//'T$4FP8C9L_
G% %FBLQM1D-[<P1(&
21N%*


.]C@$03 WR[W7..@ ^;J
M3_(T :=%58;EYT=TC 4#Y&










MELY.

MK=-)9R3S8PC/]U2
JK$ X/J!0!;HK+.K[$NWDB)$1/EC&
@1A^3GKR:NV\SR
MO
KQ!!&VT
&R&.


MZ/ZUGZ8EXEO!);QQ&

V




M*KL-U[J
9$AW:A =OEDJ1MASDXQ^M=#10!F@J-4M[=9C(\?F2

M4[K3S=V^XR2*TD\C11@+CYE9-W3.-K%NM;U&!Z4 4K6)$N[L1JJD%0#MZ?**
M@BA

  


JR

C!H R=5@5KB)G4

MI: 

M6** 
94B.J7GF3I*X2






7WQL&J3U'' P/K6= 9&:X:V+R.RY7:3RIEF^?

MU.D*FSC:*X*1;0!\I+
/3US].:S8;4K/:P+.(;ABSS%L,J\G!Y(.5&2* -
AJ'3VAGU&ZF
MMG5H51(@4.1N!8M^/('X4 76F49&'R/^F;?X53TR^FNHX&EB.V6!9 ZHR@,1
MR#^G^<UYE
^LQ&*.YD@2.02@



M





*DGOU@O?);:5\EI#SSD$<?D:I7<64

9

M/FA(U .?]6'Y_7\J%U&

;K=6I3[0K)'



&16QC)/-,:
MPMFQNB!P01DDX(Z&@!L]TT,CJ^U4^0(^V2QQ@J.?3GWJ&SOWGF D 52SH!Y

DADF?




XH GQ^E(54D$@$C


MCK4$UQ)%DF)=@_B


MK';QR-%AW:+Y2V





#2+&RD

MWDRFW! & 1SGGGVH OT@ '0=:B:XR(I
;(6\T?=&/4]NOZ&H(=0CFF2
!5
MR#NRXRK9P![YY/TQZT 7*

M5-V25!X/Y$'\: +5%5ENI'FF2* L(GV$E@
G:#_6G07/F)*SQLAB8J0/F)P





YP
]
U46^D





M '
7(86UT6+X82%=RXR/(49''L1^%:JL+J^BPWDJQY9I;(R5Y]_P!.*T7C

M

PI\\M_%%%(-H581CE!R3GLQST]A^%V:[CM_*
M7;D/P-I'L/QZ]!3)M+T^X)




Q8A



M-N.
4 48I#)?7BP\.$C^^I&






M9







M



+:]

DA*@$9&_&

MU=CMX8V#)$BD#:!T'H/:E,,1&#&N-V[&.?6@#%L;A'U19BCH\GG
R
AR!F
M


9]J 



M6@#&M8?+U1

M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB




MERA7.0VTD9&
GMVJHVESK=64XT\O_ISW)4&/-NC)@CD]2V&.
C(/MD WH[ZT

^]7I_M
EJTL.CB*YWQA@XB9B%/5?


%]-*V77)5Q)AN./XAG'OQ4=C8WUK#;2+IK*MM=S2













#
MGH/IW'([U;?7]


8LY8[Z*)8RTMVSQR@

$=_K6;#IUW^YM)8#F&\:Y%YN7!4


Q(SWW



M\\X]JR+&V
=UI;6]C+Y=M%)!+*QC!3H

HS



DCYNWOSZ TVXUZ*W2]:2TNO]#C



M) .&PWH1G;G%:76@!:*RK^^G%\UA'#



M
S*CJ73

MCBGQ:_#

T :U%8EQXITRW6%GERLL:R_




DT 7Z*S-9EEADL'CDE -R%:./'[P$'@_EZCWJ.;Q%9P6YDF5XI5D
1@
MD9$8


#U!%


RA54@ ]SDYR
M$#%1VOB.RNX)'AW/*CJGDHR.S

R!D!

M0$R*?[H!SGM@@52U#4GN;:
PFYM)8+^*:)MH)W,O!()!!# \&@#?HK 34Y-
M/FU5YUNKR.*Z55[





MXLY!);J


%4LQ  &23VJ*TNH;VW2

0<
M8/W^ORK^OKQN.X0 D


;[?X6&
C]: 






ZNY1%@RS-4XY% &'!H5U;FT\N_B(MK-K4;K<

ZZ78VC70\RTPHE1NY
M I&
]U.


Z*'9!U4'IF@#
?27O




M3;'47O9/M
-^XS%%;

QP !WH H+:FW+W6H2FZD:
0XAMVP%S
7(=YH)&E62-5.\ 'J, #GIC\35ZO+R72WA



MISD$

H



M

CCH(;*T
MMQ((+6&(2'+[(P-Q]3CK0MC9K$L2VL C5_


M/!



=#QU%+




0I( [UA_NXM$.K^

M[^]O[..\CM[]9MENDZ321J2F6(Q\N!@CIQV/6C4+N_M(]5=;]F^Q*DZ QISD

4UM(TQBQ;3K0EP%8F!?F Q@'
MCV'Y@#+O;S4(Y-0=;Q%6UGA$:(8*MMR&SR?O=B/Z4R^U&_LY9K1+@2
US'
M&LTI6/RPZ$]0I'48&5/7O6M_8VE[&3^S;/:V

2H&<8S\H_I5C3YKN\9KDW




M;TZX^TZK%



M%M)7^T

4KGD@C^+&
#&/RZ)[2VD6)7MXF$1!C#(#L([CTJ--

W,:S+&Q0R'AL


C6ZJS94KCEEQG##/


M8VP%4


A+1J21DC





]O%*0I7+H&X/4

M/#LD#L/7D(HV]


+









ZP6EJ+F;9YC*9-GRY
MQP2.3[' ]Q69JUOYNHW O;66XAD@5;4QQE_+D!;/('R'E?FXZ=:2SMXT\06[
M7=H7O%M%62Y%JVTRX&3OQCIQG/M[4 =#2UE:_ TUO$R\F)_

MLXL[H3?VK


5;'
M8CJ*Y*QM/


M7$%Q'KSRV\9D
YP6DA8&+8!60




CQM;R01*RD!5R-^TE

L
D' S2C3

 @#J**Y[1---I=20SV@6+.UO*
M(QAO

%M?VUG)N\RYR$(
M7Y00

MG'H

C'4XH ZZ618HGD?[J*6



M4



M#3&B2XT\A8O)88D&[[Q;[S\CYL9/OUJVT
@G*:9;3VTCZ:R1$PND:/G('3:I



MBW22[U*!()I;T7R-!


M@



MW!;SQ1SH+)_L)O$ED@BMV16A

03


H)C;:2OW@&Q@D=





M0#R/8\5636;%WMT61RUPY2



M)8
3U./ESD\#/XT ;M%5)M2M(+A8))2'9@N=C%03T!8# )R

M;

 D-$X+ G *@C+


C*K8ZX8C#8[X)Q
M1:ZK97DJ1V\V]I$


'/'%1/K5H)[2-#)(+G)5TC9E '!R0









$3JCATD4MR
JX
M;!^N



M&

M;_QQU%:&J6DUR;26W








MC:25U1%&2S'  ^M &'#HCKJ+W
]EI\YG*R
\@W/P4#DK\PXR/NUH:I9S7!




M]: 

M.&V\CCG[OMU[UT%)0!@6N@A+%H)M.TQ9-H0R0J4



ML

MM[CS9/

MR&! ['OZU8M])N+6:VEC:)F66:24
2 /


 C@9Y]?:MNB@# L]/U2%M/\R*SQ
M;2R
Y6=CE7ST^3J-Q_+WXT=1MKB2:UN+41-);N3LE8J&!4@\@''7TJ]10!SL
MWAYR\$YBL[R16E:2&X7$9



)ST


MLK80X4;UQ_=#MCG(ZU

M.?IEB3B@#G](N)].T^W\M(?L;7DT)C5'7]X^#G&!CICIWI\&O:B;*349M/
MQ9&W

[
@!ZX4G SGL!0!F2:IK

M$PV:K:
TB+


MJD








;BP*G


M#]



M\:#Z'826R6[I


MK5XNNYFD5NH[;3[\U/+X?TZ9I#(EPQD18WS=2_
J] ?F_P Y/J:?)H=C()@Z
MSMY^WS
W

9Z;3GUJGY\M_J


MG@T 3() S^8Z


M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%

H)8@_PYQN

MMX([ZV%C+G+9X7 S^M6J BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** *FH1/)'%)F^6*17 ! .
_

M]EWRHD!#E=JKM#%B!D*

M-O+!Y=/6TMI_+VLK;Y@TQX;=W8$\CUJ_10!DW%C?&+SFN(99XRQ5([?:K K@
MC!?[Q_O;JBM-+N?)M7
JP%$A+Q/'N.Y!@\AL8(_Q]JVZ* 
==-F@A;SF6\#1
M&*2**((7!8G(W/@8W'//T]*MI:2KI7V;S@9VC*M*Z[LL1R2!C/Z5=HH RTT@





F%X(Y]
MJIVVEW\RW:2*EOYA&&ECW]&S@ 2D8Z] OTKI** 
2X\/BXN[B5KEMDZM\N7R











O
3Y7!P21C*@

FUNRBBG?=(3 CNR^4P.$.&ZCMQ^!STH TJ*9%()8DD4
 X! 92I_
M$'D?C3Z BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

M=*?3S++'$\?ELZD%BO0\D'KZ^]7** *5UIR7:6RS3S-]G;=GY1YAVE3NX[AC
MTQUJK;^'[:VB\NWEDB(8D-&D:'!&O $8[G)]ZUZ* 


73I()59/D Q(,,.%S].:UJ* &1J4C5[.5&-S8R?<XXI]%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
%44 ?_]D!
end








begin 644 exhibit10-21x15x1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!# ! +# X
A .#0X2$1 3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **S-2N#!,Q-N

M)?
62WM2C$HR_
(^H) S]10!KT5FW#/':32-
5KG4V<B

G8.L/FM+&+:-D&!C=\V0!Z 55U[\FPE9
M/
B

M.E1O+/_ &O$6\SS/LSCY8N?O+VR: -NBJ&J.19B0H0J$2-N'  Y((]?:HU2
M5;F*8VR@(& 6-02?J?K0!I4M8]_


MW80B!_OD$L#SR.N?I6M-)*ES /F*%6W[5SZ8]Z +5)61!-
%TY( X1KAQ-\O


M

MY;H7 D







MNT=* 

.<9)[<FM:D!


)@[MN. HDW #CT %-DTYI+P7#118\MD*%S@DD'
M/3VK3HH 84$D069%;(&Y3R





M 01P/'=R2B=C$ZC]TW(5L\D'W]/:IR





DM+M+@WD+0O



3
M*S;G ))(4=!U_P#K5HT4 5K2U-H7C1\V^!Y:'DIZ\^G3]:LT44 %%%% !111

MYSG)[GKTJ.RLY[*4@/'+$YRS'*LN!@ =1@=AV]Z ([N3773RE00VV,HJ


KL7D#ZY)

MXFK2W;374MMY2.JPK)E)


M8G3;B*
! '

M643^4L\DA8$.7 SW)VKG'ICMUH JVE]-)':QHQC+RF/'DD*JJ'Q@GN=HIT]Q



MX5FW5T;FP0NT@62(7 Y7@*R'GCW_ $J]:6US:0O;1O&8E4^3(V2P)_O#OSWR
M


MHIBMYC%!Y;!W(PV1T^4T /2X816PB!027



MX_
T .U/F2R4AF5I\%5.

RNBO%

M1CIWJC:W
MEI-L@CCDD5HHG4R88


U2(/M90,]<'';C!Q0!8HID2&.)$9BY50QZGWI]
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !16!=_:=-U6:]MY+B:U1%:XMVD9\




MC!;.#^(!T-%9]EJ
EQ?26LMN(F6%)U(DW95B1SP
'*GU^M5;AIX/$$\EK )W


W;IVH N45C3Z]]DW\MC&3$)8A&QD+@L
MJX( X.77@9ZU$GBX80HVERI++/YERR(25W Y90V.#_  ]OID WJ*RX-7WW
M\MI,D,<D(!=?.RWW<E@I497MD?D*A379-L$KV1\FZB,EL4E!9\+NVL %)'/




M+LM4GNUA!MHDF
WI]X<UI.H=&5LX88.#@_G0 ZBN<TF_N
M+73=/A^RJRSJ4A=ICEG 8X;@X! ///TJ_I^ISWRVI^S1(9 YG7SB35.
?=Y

FUY-BA00.N#SSZ56N-6GC$IBL2_V:)9
M+A6E 9

$$=2* -*BL^\U
6VH0V
MFV/



C&=WX4 ;

M!2H/)! ()PPXST//J :M%9::NYMY+U[7;8*CN)A)EL+GDKCOCC!/OBC2M5EU



M]K



M
;!R1Q\B\ ^G4#GUH V:*PY=8N9M/M[BQ2TD
MPD9*W&Y
$CH0OX'(!%+#K[




&PT@PY

65QV]$8@@-C&<D;NGOCFKM% &9KUM+=V
9#&%A!'RXPP5=O&

IQMZ8)^I 4'_=%5/[C&GS6WEVMK(AC6
M



MRW

40LJ

LC(




M!+;JC.67 (;.


M






X-:%% &=;Z1#!HO]E^;,\ 0QAF(#J.V .1V.*=<:6DY




MFC

M0!KAY(EC /MR2/XN%'^'T[VJ** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****





D(
M*[6XQU*[AQCH1TJZ  
#H* 
7Q!-Y%WIC27DEO;/


MC'.03T)'&.M7: .4MVN[B^G

T+QAVCWJ1N7&1[C((_2HM.



!\S





ML)H_*:&/:Y\T;07V@.%;YMPQM)%:VO7#6]M 6=XK=YE2XE0D&.
@\Y'(YP
]





M7HEVQY7*





B2F
-+DY!((R0
84\')X-
M;E% '$RZC


XY'&

MU% NKI: Q1R6QVLPFR



9FZXXZ@Y/'KSV-% ')6;BX.C2



M;(K!XI 

S:LS-%JL
M:*'GP%C8)N!48&

;2&'7U[


R 

MKW.L6

M'=_$.W\/TJ#^S91HU\(]
N5O9K4VQ#W?F;L@@;2SD;023S@^U &CIVJQRPRR


@$_




-NK' 

MU1=


M9Z#BLJ73]1.G75N;#S)+NQ2%6\Q/W3*I&ULGIGD8SR3]: -75M6^PZ?YD;VY
MNBH=8I'P2
C) ZG&:NF]M1/Y!N8?.Y_=^8-W')XZU@7.GZDUI?P&S662[$;H
MXE7;&5504).#P02!W[4Z/3;R6WUN(6?V5KJ421?.H5_E7(RIR,D'G ^]GK0
M!MKJ-B]M]I6\MV@SM\T2KMSZ9SC-2-=6ZR1QM/$'D&44N,L/8=ZPSI9-OY\-
ME?VUSO63)NQ+*&L
QU /:3HA6Y\N*.;8$\E@K$X92<C

MY8HWMEG


Q/






'I5

M(]V))-ZL/FV].#R#0!MOJEE'?Q637

MZJYPKEPJL?09-8]II=S9366ZW$\


_P!!WIR7
M

MY@9' ZT:K.4O(]\1:*WAEN,[BI+J !C\&/YT :]%98D:2^6 ET2E&Q*3N^
M0
/3U%76N-K%?)E..X7(H GI*@6Y+2(@MYL




M






M(XH_


M-6EK*297O)O(

;01Z9YX_NT
M :7?%%902Y67[64#76%CQD*A7N.O&22?R'-3:HK2:9*[;T.S)3@\_K0!?HS^
MM9L*-+J;;WD7$2G@D'[Q]A5?6;IX[V

M?(^T2 P*K


BP


LMO;).5(1%E++R.[;1C\J@N-


U=/DB9K^8?-\UV=\9;G(@8%2VD%S;V26P
M:(&.$(K\GY@
9(XX_&KM% &:-
;R_*




M!IEQ:7

M.W7-6#:9U(7?F.-L1CV!CM.3G)'3/'ZU9HH I2VCR/
Q6)Q*5R'SP%Z=/?)_



MR?K@5-!8PVLLLT(??(/F#2
03ZX)QGWJU10!DRZ9))=0NPB9?-\R4YQM^5@%
M48]^3FKD

MQ]!D GU(_-Z6]VUG+!
8U
AV_(Q(1=H!QD#G@_G6A10!BRZ==Q7LL\
-I=I)

MRI*3\RYY(/J.OI].M&I6
EY(NQE5?(FB)/8L !_(UH44 92V]V)?
%G:K(T@



-S:GR'\IX%R5D




:<1Q\J%.6(QGVQDX_\ K4 4X[NXE+

M@\^^*M:?J4E\+9DAC20^9)B0DQDG 7&T9Y!].AH T:*Q_$QV6$,GF7!;F(
M-Y#NK


FCDN/M5G&D<,3;HIC(6#DA0!L'/![^F
T ;E%9^


RJ78 D*#C

4\=C@=_84 6:*Y[6%^T:]%;WD
4E@

T$]TJV.8[5XP[M*!N5NZ@
M Y(]#B@#7HK)GUAXFEE6U#VD$PAEE\S# \ D+CD GGD'@\56;5;E$NFO;**6


M;V^EAAME$


M'8@B@6BLZ'49KBX8PVRM:)(T3S&7#!ER=I'3(QG.?;%5TUQRL$IL\P7:DV

9#8''WATS^%









M]NH[&SFNI@YCA4NVQ=QP/:@!;6$V]LD)FDF*#&^3;N/UP /TK/.@P^:9$NKE
M&\QY%VE?E+ @]5YZ]\^G3BM1'$D:N

M@@]?2K=174Z6MM)/(&*1J6(12QP/0@#/M]BM[JVG2[NC]GWA$8H5PYRV?E


]/N]*8GAZ-

6XPP
M

@@Y!% $-I;-;1!'N9[@




X4 #@#H
M*BM-9L;QXTAED!E&8_




K_/-:E



\9P0/UI+32DLXC#%=7/D 8CB+C$0]%(&?S)K0HH JV
3R
M
&M&D8[5+')P

#/3WI=3T]=1A2)KB
M:$)(L@
6W)*G(^\#W -/L+R._LX[J$.(WS@.

M7#[VVL
73K;0-;HC;

ME\.V\MN(7N;HK]F^S$EE)*?BO!^F




M:&+RU23;G@\'A1T''7\



DG^N*FCTJ.*279-


Q%QN)3H5VY.XCZ&NIHH YK0Y+FXU$RS:FOG*SK/9;'W+UQP7(4# P0


M;RR P$-N



D%I%KUE.MW.(I;.

H88!977!QG@G!YX


59$-JB2



UTETL






'))P.
Y)]ZYB!REE86R:BUG;NDF^:5Y

XZ\9KMJ* .7M9%?5K^&ZUF5V@M(G#B7RPAPP9MG3^Z3NSU

M1\V
* ?3I3]0GMGTO5OL]])-I[6)8.UPS 2G=A0Y.3GC*Y]!CFNOHH H:3/9
MFRMXK6Z6;

0#@G))) /'MTJ_110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110!G:YJ

NK2%#CV^4Y/Y5'JVL/86UNT




D$K(8(IA!!#;IB2._/ZT 2:;?R32RQRQ

M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%


MO);[-&8F2X@$JNI8MTR

.IQ@'TP0#Q6C



MM%10W$-QN\B5)-AVML8'!]*;'=V\F[;*ORL4.3CD'!H GHIB21R$A'5BO7!S


9


M8J@ )+'!;''L#1]I@%M]I
B^3C=O[8]: )J*CDF2-XD8D-*VU.
Y.?Y T32
MI!\LIVHBEF.
X H DHJ&2[MXG*23QHP&XAF ./7]#3XY$EC62-@R. RL.A!
MH ?144

\DX'ZF@6BH9;F J)I
MHXRQ 4
VU?<^GZ4 244E+0 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !6;JC1)/;O,[)''ND8[B!\JG ZXSEL_A6E4,T




M(
@&1(@C


M8+=('E92Q

CC

V

1BL
9!$8)

M_6-4W^E_]

MY?A6+))*UXGD+#)%&OF); 


MA$TC
2T31B

V@L 3R/0GM6;=EH)H
MY?*4NS200AH@


M$-T &W;]



MM6[- DX DR4'.WL3[^M54TN(1



M!S[JUMICVK1B*_NA!&, B





M)8YXY?




O@ J?*3FKL
(A#A


M.WDE:
O^\.2K
2








 J+(5


TEU=!
:9II)7DP,OCY5&<*,#W/7GFHVTZ)IY93)*#
M(ZN0&P 0 !_*@IITDC74!







0

# [=
#UH UTD20L$=6*':P!Z'T-/K)TPR?:##Y
MK#R][S+P?G9C@9QG'!/Y5JT (S*HRS #U)IOGP_\]4_[Z%+*8Q&QEV[ 
G=T

RJP++]X

MGZ4 :Y8 @$@$]!ZTF]/



M#*_+SB@Z9XE$A,B 1_?RP^7C//IP:DKF;B0R6NIMYLJPNX0O(@&240#(P/
AZ5C6^Z:QGF
M:)HXY)

M+B?:R  


M9W8*JC))Z 4GF1@H-ZY?[HS][OQZUF7BF.TLH3([K--MD(8MO!5B1GN*CM2S

?0^M &U3(Y$E!

MG[*)

JD!F


MJC
 SYV@GK]*1Y$C 


^WS&&T%.6SG/&W'XCUJY?+$=42-H[4!X6=GEB


M'/IP?SK*L8ISILCRR':DUTVT(2 _F..W;KUH Z=6#*&4@J1D$=#2U3TQF:U3


M/XC[^WM4]



DE
MAQ0 ODQDN2BDR8W9'7%1VUN\
D[R2^89&!'RXP  




@;

MLDUFUM( R.FQ@1G(QCI3FGA7.Z6



MM='MHK9HKB&&?

C\JGO+
W



M
=@3!+' SFD2P3[1YTNTD#:B*

V\T

ZAW

GZ_\



MC@$G'7WI/L4L=B\$%SB1F=O
= WWF)/ QZU=) ZG%

9-0?8)!+'.ERPN$PI9AE
M63NN


QPFW:IV@GUXY_6IXY$FC62)U=&&593D$4-(B'#.JGT)



M
DD$YYSG^=7-Z[PFX;R



NY%4*HVXQCO
M4U%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %5KMT11B)99FXC0CK_@/4U9INU0Q



F P* C Z#










MDLFQ4B#KGRP





M)$P\F0-I89'ITJNCPAH(ITD9T9%8F1B067Y7'/KE:T4L@FG+9ERR[=K
1RWK

M\B5V=E%RRX X(\LG!^4YYQZ]*TVM&DA







NYI)(
M/+^;!#
_EL.GMD_A6Y=67VN*.9R61MQ8#'.#Q]?\ Z]0-I%FD21DD5MT
M)Z^6=NW//7CC'H3]: $U=RBQ1D*1+E 2.5XSD&J]BV[41'&D:%E:0NJC@ J-




A8
8 &
 [N*
M *4V7OMH%LB!W0AXLJ1@'GGDY_K^
FC
M %I65AE2
XX-5M06

98G)J9E#J0P!'N






.2
M.V=IH ?[;

_8@^V.WTJ)M
M









MS9FF4[(@ 0I8#C\*M7'E_P!J
)6V*;;;G.#RW;WH T-Z[PFX;R


8V
SC&3L P?_0A

ZJRJS %N%!/7Z5FZ1=6DUM]
MFM?-!0$
2F


MW\WEH!U]_6HS%$]TFT0HD$14(9 _4K@#=TX7MQ^M &XSHL9D9@$ R6)X ]:3



26C''YT =%3(I$FC62)U=&&0


M9[XQ[59TM5EGFD!CS$Y4*$&5!]\\?2@#2DD2( R.J D*QQDGH*?6+(\MQ&





(+:4N

MKNRZC;C=D]
]

M1G(/)Y!Z4 =#1N'J/SJC92^:9Q&L[@X):X5D#$Y! !'   Z#O52XVKKMJ/LL



MZ*FLRJ

NW8!D[NF* $\^'_ )ZI




T:E\R*/+&Y\G[H]3^1JG:VMNFHSLD$2E%3:50#

M/K5'3)RZ7.9Q+'$X5&&




M LJ_-@= 
]!S5JDH J6MB;-PMO+MM0#^Y9=V#[-U'XYIWV9UO'GCD50T:IMV






D^V6.1WB8KN W$GG)YX..


@P&P











;X92S-CID;
OO_P 
M-;
\!GA(WF.0K@
I/RGU]ZKK9%K_ 
R5%
:Q[0V\DDY!Z=NGK0!6UEF;;:I/


0S









MJ=N0

K'


M$?CU]3]*9-+Y:7&YQ'
6 :-#D.QXQ@]
C;]
U-8VDUJ6!C@P\KN64G(#$G X
M]Z1-/?RQ#(5:/[09V8DDG#[D'/IA?R_( 9IDZDLDDLPEC!!C8';&..
XPV
=

M4

M@JLS2R^6
3
@'!.?E^E5GF- KF5 ]RT+JMS(0RA&/KZ@5I/9PR)CJ66%@R

M_G4L]G-

MCI'&!Z=P!^&*?;QSP^9E$VGY@!*S'=WY/:@E=2K%J%I&8[@!@V5$G7H!GY


M@

MO^E

Y['V (S]
2

ME-$\

I .V4LNUL=
@'()_'^E4KF0C1[P#

M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBJES
ZW442



R !B HQGW&30






MOYLNZRN^[Y





<<9YZ8-
MF23S-




8].!2R3R_P!L
P&SF*-3W*$OGC'&2O\ *@#:HK.A\XZI&LT@

ML^/G88)//X?2I** *.FV7V?2+*TN%1WMXHU..1N4#D?B*AETZ5[AW7;B2Z24
MDR

*H3MT)RI_.M2B@#-LK6YMY(U



M*
VEDZ)G
XE(?!/9=G]:UJ* *C6SD7#!@'F( )YV # /UZGZFEBM?)N(C& (

[B

@88DY/X=*LT4 4+:SGC.9I(9/WQ !!QZY)S48


^?*QC()0HTC$>F 15F>S+W]
MM

MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB









M/J: 

32Q*^%8X.1D=N/ISCWK'







76$0D

M=;B6*



MO)E+KA@ZNAPR

D?AV-:
]R]M8

= !6C*GF(
M5W

M\H
S


X'13\N ![ ?J<WFMQ)9M;3.\@9C.V S








C@*Q*@AF8 X7!'./RJ9]3C6XMO
@4H\4DHG#JRJ%ZX(YY&#3

;[F%.W:

P*B:!IH DH8L  2K9 M@YZD<'FE36I=CM-9^6!;+
M<(!)N)!ZAL#C!],\4]-B2#R?M=TRK&T419E)A5L9_+SP,9;)Q3XM'$4T<H
MO;HF.$0@$H,J#GG@YH LV%T+VU68&(ANABD\Q3QV.!W]A5$ZT0PE^S@V)G^

Y_KFGV$=A'*J.\CRR&21W@LV 
X4 #@#H*A71K=9R


M



MN4/MQNQC=]W(/L
#D\4 3W]TEE92W#LBA%ZNV!GH






'W

M:E\JW86:B*ZA
EHQF/SX7=M?Y?E)'/&[H:NSZ8L^I17K7$P
:&


?PS;/;I
M;N\&R!K96$@!$1PN




:PM''L?
M][\JE\ .%;YMPQM)%;/B.X^RZ49OM1MBLJ?

;^?)Q'W

8]&% &U+((HGD8


Z@

UO/\
M:=[


5(+C[*JODY=AN&X' X&[&.@SFI=5O([:^A%
MK<W&^:W5]]RVWRV(!PO._(/+'OWR

MK(T*Z@N)M36&9)&6[8L%8$C*C&?R/Y&LZ6[F:YFVSRIJD=VJ):^8=K0[P
[





M


$MUSGGC% '0U6N[V.S
 D60^=*L2[5R 3ZGL*YO3KF0:?/

CN?
M[A7G?[/!?0R*YG
OEQ$(2?



XM8?LJ+J
SZ5









MSG&/7I4&DL+F-]0'G 76&1)'8A5 P/E)P




M^S8B^SFW

_EI*^.







0 <GV%2-?BQTMKS4IX-B L9(LA7'; )/)],F@_161;:U')J5S





MP21BB

M:-1


MQC.=Q!V\C&.]=%10!REC8WMO%IL8TJ6-8+J=Y%5X@ CAPO1O]L=/[I]LW].6
MZTM91-'
]LHCCA#F
R=Q@$$;E'&
_-UX-;E% %'68);C3)8X$\R3*L%! W88

4\22QMU1U# _@: 
&W6[6&4)9.UVU

BDLI)1;WD\DC;X_N-O )&1_?!P
M!V/':NC@MX;:(16\

8Z)&H4#\!4M '




\

$




M.H!!]:Z&B@#*UVWDG^PM#9FX:&Y20E2@**.OWB/TJI)I+/K%P]S:SW
4TR31











M





M5.
'W;<X7(^ZV0 <8[TV/79Y&M(QILJ27$KQ?O28U4JI8$;E#$'







MS)O4E





F!^'KS3H-&@AMY;7S9I+-P5%L[ H@.<@<9QST)..U $%]J&
MIP6$\OV&&-U*;&

M!61@ -QR
?%%Y@QMSD# SCD\$









HD


L]R
M4M23!&9!M0$8QP



MW8V8P01SD$'\QR/7FL]/#
0RQ^O/+DM1:%24.(QTQ\O7D_F?; !

MPFUC&(!- 3-S-DXQC;QS@'KU'K5G4+Z33])EO9+?S'ACWO%&X_'!.





4 0WE_JD*6X%E;


QK%(B[

^V !D^NE-2-K!


E0=RC(!(YY.3T&*
ML'7=3^S1V4\D(E\EI4CD.UNYX3;M'KNS[4^ZT.*Y2=/M=S$LTZSD(5X88QC

@ GZG)JY0 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !116/?7EQ;:JF]I!9G8FZ((P5F;'S@_




K/@E& (*'T//KG-:%LU]-?WT(U$E;=(_*/E(0VY3R
X=4\PL6SD

MRPGG_M:^M)IC

?

QP !U)J*TO8+U7
#
?+;8X9&1E.
X((!Z
4Q/DB&%-I#N 2[8')
M!XXQW&* -]7#









=OE
M'7)]Z -4G )]*1&#HK#.&&1D$'\CTJ*^:1+*=X75)%0E69=P! ]
BL-KO4)D





B1)Y(C4D+

1R*

AYY!
MP0

%HLZRND9
I).0?EQM7 Z8//6HK/4M1NKB2221


M?M)C\SR^^W.

USMI/-J%YIDKW1@G?3Y=\





)*@M( LW^M7RQA_KZ_C31IUBK2L+.W#3+ME(B7+




M%VC%P






MTDF

86A/F.A1F!(*L5/(X[4 (VD::WF;M.M#YC;GSOS'U/')Y/YU+]BM//2?[-


MEF9CP .] !##%!$L4
:1QJ


M2




9(?\


B6\]F^T
M@N=H7@%#MP W0 D&NP4DJ1@XY'I2T4 8&L:4D^H_):(Z7\+03R












=QY3;2


MOIL(
;Q2

M\L.GOZ&NB2PMTU![Y5D^T.H1F

M'-;.@!R2K_P8[AN#@JMBOESZ?
+.[67^T)R[FUD!$;;\9)7A260^F?H:Z^



M-P'ISBDO;((-4B6#4+@BQC6!Y8I)9!N (.


@
6.HQQC.[OUQCWIUMI#V-RS6%R(K=U17B:/<?E4*IR
M

M7B
/;V\\TL!C5@?E4[CP1N('XCKQ^$5UH=Y<_;M]


+J



MV



]O'(L;2H4WLNX





M5B_V#*UG+;S7%O


H\@

VG69MYKA)
M_P!X[ADB*8W


4NL-86TMN[Y(B WJ5 P64]03Q[5LVR7
M1XNIDED[F./8OY9)_6JTEC.VM17RW$8CCB:(Q&(DD,02=V[U4=O6@C::[
F

M]U=07'&!OMLJPQ_$-W)^A% %^-_



CRZ#I\DKL
M\CVT;


#L* '


4[2WD7VN9$B



# SV'4U=M9_M



M[-


[PLR*NQF7




A=^&7YCC[G
U '14
M5D/=Z@MW=VQEM@XV-;$P
059B#N^?DC&#C'K[5%:ZIJ5WJ&(;+=9)
\$CG:

J;6#O\ =#
#
MGCD\+@YQUYJ6*[OVFN+9Y+877JG[IL&




M9DAE@BLEN4:)B?



TD%N&BE@B8L!OF!('T ()/MD4 6J*YQ-?NCIUK=R1I'&S
M2K-
87*J4;:

*?O8&: )Y)$B7=(ZHOJ


\O)4LHQ;Q7@$V^1E+QGRW
M< ,#SG/7CWH WJ*P?[=E^RVUQ*B6\3AUE=XV=%=25QN'W1D9W$8Q5A-1N6O[
MBV(C210WDQ2(R;P!P0_(8'CH,CWH T4N(9H26-BZ[E 8'<OJ/:G&1!*(BZ^



UN[N.'R)[*2Z*1@[DV!3C)
M/.0WH,8[T ='16&VIW\#HDJ6TS7%L\\.P,@7;M^5CDY^\.1CZ4V+4=4E@&S
M5I;
7*'RV(0\94_

M^Y&S@


ME
ICW6Y)0B-2/G[ G\3GVH Z"ZM[G?]GGBE\MMK^6X;:?0XZ&IJY:.\UV

[?(.@P3C_

M










M.&]M[5ED

MBF

M!5N=+M+J5Y9HV+.H5L2
H(!R
Q52<Y(7. <
M$C.

S5].GO[[3W18S!!(S2'SFC?!4K\I
M4=1G/4=

Y)P5/4$=#_ /7-
M6:* *MG86UEN\A&!88R\C.0.P!8G ]AQ1=Z?;7KH\Z
7C#!65V4@-UY!'H/Q


HV[T=D+#T.-P]CFD_LVU%X;I4=920
M6VRLJL0, E0=I/N1V'I5RB@BFD64;R/'$RERQPLK@*6SDJ
X4G)Y7!ID&AZ








MW8///*;U-3*2P98^6N) N$[#&/FQSG/TZI)X9X&DBG1H^1YB



=M-JK/(UH!%
+@6
MH$F2/




$^K:T(I
B@
M#\


Y50
 A@H!_&NMHH X_3=1MR+*.?4RRW.E%YB]






M\


MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B



M[6*)O


!\W./IVZU'96A

V!FD? PN!U' SZ
MX H I6&I7DM\TJ(D[3R+;J&=H@NU-S
4PP'4C.3SBNGK 6VOXM5BU
V:LK((
M6MXW :

M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%

MVXAM[OS!*L
*R

M


MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** L;5=&N;_5K*^BO(H39[C&C0%\EA
^U+3I+:?480SR*^]+8@*%(( &_KD=<T3:%+=:E<7-U=Q



MMM;S=G\M+;L2





M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %

MN(@T@9POEX#%N 

MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *YRUF_LNP\0SPJ7
%Q)(H=


^]7(-
M;


M:4@;A

MN'=G+']32W%HL\R2%W4JC)A3C(8C/_H- &5;.UO);M&LKJ[SO@.3E3( #COP





%))58


 ?E0MH%EGD65P9F#$#&!\H7T]J (
M=-NTU*R1Q:R10NBE-V

I&1C!_PJ)K9'U%Q& (X8P&W$D;CSZ]0 /^^JN6=H
MMGI\%I$[;88UC5CC. 
9^M
GLA);&&.:6#)^9T(W-GKG(/7UH K0*LFB&X6&
M)&N(/


SO$. =J@L


M8K/:U,LBQ;/+8+M^88QSD']*8NF['9TNYU9LY(9YZX^7V'Y4 0:PRI'')*
ML2J.!O;YLMQ@+M;/;I6?IMO=QR0+


 
G!!_I38[&*X29.&4$8J

M#OU-WD6:-Q;Q
4

3.WE7*
M84#
LNX-]!N//^-.N+07

D
LLACD!#+P./RJ01

'\A0!BRVJR
MWWV9$BCNB&E9BJD*O10.YQG/U'O5S1\21M

M1S^(JAIVJ(\FE+_:F_?#



4 =C1
M7)M




4 ;(UFV.


LVY2 &&#GV'7WK
M

M'&#[T =917&:=J$

2.F1[\\4VV
MU&.ZG




M2!KRVM]0Q;QWX225I&D

9CSR0P8#?D9W#'X8H [&BN4298K_3[.XUPSQ26\
MS

L0!




QD
8WD.0



M9 :3.[Z 9)]Z .KHKEK&XE^R:7?RS7


0X17< L?0 ]: )J*IG5=.#LAO[7<KB-E\Y<ACGG



M!%/_ +0LBT*_:[?=.








[
O+;\D'=TVC'J0
UU-5XK&SAN&N

M:C/

M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %5-3=TLGV
X74+YF\Q%FBPZK*QPVPL5\OI@8)W
M#+9XZ5=_LNP-P+AK*W:XSDS&%=Y/KG'6IEM;=+A[A((EGD #RA &;'3)ZF@#


M;BLD42AD+=2



9]Z 
R]UV\MF
MO&CTU9(+6-W
IF90=N.

ML;E'H#V% &1'K]S*(-FG8




GO0!!''ONK^)I)=CA?\ EJPVY!SM.?E_
M#%/TF62;2[624EG
8RYQ\_'WN.QZ]NO0=*D^QP!II(HTAFF&'FC0!SZ$G'./


M[!N ]
^G% $M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111





'!(/YCI0!@6NO32K
M:M+):Q&X\EQ&5.=LB_[W][C./;K3;;4+RX'^@75@S&V+QQK&2KN'(8C#_P#Z

M''8=374JH50J@  8 ':EH YBT\0W-Q:RO.MM /


  

MN%/U4'!_$4 4-'U::_N[J*:..-8N0 R[EY(PP#$]LY(7Z53CU* :U%?9VVUR
M6MEN#)&8Y

M# ]G


M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *

MR+&]'C9& /0X8 X/KTJU0 451U#4XK*W60-&Y




M 8Y)Z#K237:Q7

)V@R DEFQM' 'XDD#% %FBJ






M

B(1@\;F SG'




MVW#\ 
T 345G1:JLC!3!


M*CNH/+4@?





5&MM D0B6&-

OEKP/QQ^51&$3Z% TA#*&$@'8
MG?D'^M:[PQR(Z/&K(_WE(R&^M*8HS$(RB^6


MG!''X$T 8T5E+;V:58U.VWC.TY)92


MW%0?3'(_  9..:F)@NKV]MYI9G9)DVQQN?EPB




M$C1$8*%05Q]* *6JV:W%M*[2A

^M5=.A2[N)IO.)3S0ZJ1MD


M-$)KD2A?






MQGC\#5M3N0
05R

MXH H:@)KFX6R*1K%

M6[%V8-CYBH7/KAB?R]:+!FEM[ALF53
ZJ';(P#MQGGC@U:

1B
1C4QL
%
M2.#1'#%# L
4:)$J[0BC  ]
4 9%S_Q^
\S@3C*)((2?*^0L.?0-R?IWJ[:
M+=M;'SO)W-A@A3!7/)#8)!/TJ7[!9_\ /I!_W['^%20V\,&[R88X]W78H&?R
MH R;FR$M]# UO9[71W8!/O8*]3U_BJS?LT=B$GD@C)E0( 2 0&!V_7 -71;0
M+


GZ=
T 30WPN$9X()

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** &2Q1S*%E0.H8




6


MLR2*T3+N#@Y4CKG/I0 ^BJT.H64\#SPWEO)$APTB2J54^Y!XI/[2L/\ G]MO






MEC/1D8







MT7FC4;0QY*[Q
N




M92




M&ZMT2%M\0^8#'][C&1_WS]




$
M!N#SD$-CK5^PFF016MS$1-Y6]G4*%ZXQ@'(/3MCT-7Z* 
S4(;A=1MKR*!KJ
M...2-X590?FVX8;B!V(Z]ZS+^PNI)=0%OIA6.73!;0A6C 5LO\OWN!\P]N#[
M9Z:B@#FK^TU*Z5$2Q



EM^XCYCQLSTY(%%A






M:

M]GZ5I:
EXEM(+X
&





H:(;8V#@=&[;QQ['VKJ:* 

MUBN8IXM@-S+(C;@=X9RP/'3@CK[_ (UY;6[AUDW-M%*8I'WRJ2C(^$V@C)#*



EK'&'=T.



;C@\]?TJ*VT.\@-F3?P-]FN))_\

M#UKH-.1X[&*.1$38-JJB;%VC@87)QQCC- %5];ABEDCFM;N+;&\JEHQ^\5

:

U6LM


]LU2ET.\?[1MOX!YMXEV



(Q
MYG3=C\



M* 
_4[^X74=19HKT1Z?!'
GE2JBGER=PW?




4X:=?)J

PX_O 



^_%6[2]











G(].*+/0VLX[1(KI0
@MXYS<VUU#)JL8B@9BK' (VDC

@#:,B41%U\PC<%SR1ZXI


4[R@


M'&23@#ZDT^N4O3=3)(]S)#


M3JR*ZQ]2,G._&.HQGVJVTNJKKUO UU;/&UM+)Y:PL@.@ )W'GGKCUXYX -
MI'610R


M=!^(S2'0]/8RDQ2$RRB9F
SY#XQN4Y^4XXXQQ@=JT:* (A;QBW

2PQ
MA$+D D_.Y8\G/4DFI*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBJU]?6VG6K7-Y
M
L
*]6;^0]30!9HJ*XN(;6$RSR+&@P

B%![A@
M/QH EHJM:WUO=O*D+-OB(#H\;(PST.& .#@\].*LT %%4=0U.*RMUD#1N3+'

!D@'/% $E%5+B]$$Z1A-R@;I6SQ$O8G\?T!



C)ZB@2BJB7\.&\Q@C GY
MR6 .


MC_:.!UQCK0!8HK/?4QYK1H(@4 9C+
% 4DCJ
^AXJ^
@Y!H 6BJFG7HO[8

] %RBH$NX9)5C5B68$CY3CCWJ&34 ES)'Y9,4499Y
M=P !]!GK@=?3(H NT5%%,)+=9F5H@R[B).OUJD^K(NGSW(3<T1?Y%)(.UB.
M3CC.
T :5%

%8QJ3ASG_9VY/J:TZ* 


*:(\T*-&)K??L
C.%^7MFM)8HT+%44%CN8@=
M3ZFD

9A

M*9&:23 49)Z=*VL#;MP
XM9(?)Q<7*
M;!&N-ZIW+'IW/MGZU/)_Q

MC-.  Z @#'%M=W U6 3P R-L),1[Q*/[W'ZUJ3B/[,ZS,%C*D,Q.,G+&B

M


_
O/F
6+#H

09@5B0
MA00
%2V2.^
_7!KHZCCABB)

=3D_G0!GV


'Y@
M1FM:&_MIXO

M5
D9!']J8SW!CX_2H]4
=SHET8YQ(J1-ED(Y8#OCWK2VCT'Y4UXTDC:-U#(P
X4R+%][<R@G



[R1)J=U&TSX:VC!.1W:3VIH;[5IFGJJE3(8WV@YP%




D8:/Y#P?]KGG\
55L[;S(%$P$PEEE1B4)4$.YZ \ \^O\JV4BCC

ZQ2PA!



Y6









CD9?N@C=SG'3.*H6

B%A^E5[;4Q/;&;[//@D
MF

M!2.I(\+O;1RS%'9
)/9FY?$2*7!W'@!6()S^%4;8PV
9N(#&(V8(KCYW;)^Z/Q_P B

M;B%X_

M]W)48'S

F4=E'W?N@GG/

=#BSJ2I-+;C;'(%#R8==RD 8Z
M?B* )VNV8R+!TK1MM;Y@J@X!ZGV([5+--Y*HQ1F#,%.T9QDXS],USO[KR6





M$9'4
KC:P(ZCTI]% #0J@ !0 .F!2TM% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444


]
FIJ

MBJO]I6&R1_MMMMBP7/FKA
]

X[4Z&[MKB1XX+B*5XPZHX)7/3('3- $U

F:I#5A)KT=C ]O+T3L[))N974KE2!P.&% &I16=J5_=6EU:06]K#-

*:FM[J3RV-\MO;L'VKLGWJWXD+SUXQVH MT56_MR^R?
M:_MEO]FSCSO-79UQ][..M4Y-822]L$L9;:YM[B5XI)(Y-Q4AP QQV]?PH U
M:*K_ &J&./?-=0;6DV*VX*



]*M?VGI_


\T%K!'*_WG2
!F

JRL!G)SR1WJ2;1MDUOLL;I[
Q-&
M\


RIN\MB67*-D'##!Z97KTKJ** .:_LPQ7^FW%O



@N(;ZVW6#P1)9+$S;DPK YQ@-G\JVZ
M* 
/4[2236X9TTXW$7V26*5QY?S;L%5(8@GH?;YOK5;1K.]MI]($FGR1+;V3
_6NBHH YBTL+R.VT^/3Y+8QK.KLK1XC+=#P


G)!_JT]H\D=JD.A&*&Z618OW65')9L!L#D]!
-Y&,R9P< 8ZUOW-K;W<?EW5O%.G7;(@8?D:?'&D4:QQ(J(HP


L/^^?IGK** *EZIN=*F5K5I&DB/[AMI.2.AYV




=JZNB@#

M*N!@#@@D5?;39[:XMCIT





 ?Q



GLXYEA


'MS@XS4;:'+Q%'?&.
MW6Y^TH@B!96W%B-Q.


MLWSPXW+O1N#T.5)



\8@N J7(M6
MD9 JASC'4YP=P' _3!INIZ/)J$[.;E1&57:CQEMC*V=P^8#GOQGW%5WT*\99
.[DU:T2$





&$7[P 8.T
.#CD$'(/:JEOH5Y
M+










+*!A?E '.W'7)/4]:T;* VUG%

X2T 


\^O


G/MBJ7_
M  D-EJ'VBTM+AEE


%R.^/QW8K4LKI+VTBN8U95D&=K
P%X-^0+<@-N&./GX_6I]+M)+&Q2WEF29D)PZQ[.<]
M,GU]: &+JL3S[%@G:$,RFY@QAESD'G(Q@C)&
\9J'^WK=4+RV]U$AB
T9:/
M/FH

S.QB




M%.-V5Y);Y1V'3I5K1K(65F4&X!G9E5NJ)GY5]L+CB@2[OUMI5A6:XF92^R


MD


M &/H#U[\Z
;[T#;67/9A@BLH:-
RWZS7%M
EW-YNQ[;*CY=NW/13QCD'UX





AC#K


M2( R.J D %CC)/04^L?Q.@;3H6V*SI=P%-W8^8HZ]NI'XTS^TKPI=1F6TCEM




M@;4#9)./7CWH W/


@

H8%EZ@'D5SFOW$E[9:E&
MBP^1:.J

M: -ZBL3[;J
-U/9SRVIN&5&MF6!@K MAB1O)..^#T(/M6T

M



8




EE2&


AD\R.\EYRV2/*X4
M=2.I]:T+:\
]Y=6YA:/[.5&XD'?D9SQTJW0!GIHM@EBUD(6
!?S-K2NQ#9SD
M



+@20BW8+
M
Z@QC^' .
=?S/J:T:* 



^ OIC.#^/M



#/RXP




?0-/D


X.!QD#T%:=4+C4XXI[6.-#*MQ.









R30-/E\[



M$S+-Y@C


X8
HWX.-HS_

ML:+LN\ID#KE2P]A7344 
E3S(G0':64C/I6/HD[V&G6^FSVER+F!/+&V%BCX

MVNF&))[.*T6
6CR26LI0 $N
J0?;)!^@K)?3E71;B14U0W$B*LL!M]H+[AD_


M
KQ@'E#QTY]Z[2B@#DM2BDNHK]I;&XGN) C6CB!LA



8 *HR$

^F

MSU[9JJ!NTVRCEL99A&]PHM9[:0)MW_(=H1CPI7!V

\;8]

M@D $G RI)!]Z@$


B

!\ROQP^.!GL:DN$N6

MQ\P[ 
@;?48)''.*U-(FBL[K48S!/# ]V!/LSJG**1\N -P;GIS[C.[361

H]



Y/8UV=% '*:5IN


MDLC*;A(S/;2;8AN)0;

!@Y!YZBKM% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %5[R]MK)9+N98D9@BEN['H!5BL3Q;

M.


-LY))/88SWQ4

RR02R1I
@#2MA@Q4KP%PO3!Z^N30!/%?2/JMA'#

5*X;/H0W0 =*UZY_3=+U&TETKS4M2EG;/ Y69B23MY V?[
M_

M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444



MDTS 9B!)522#W !P
T 6Z*S#J$OG[(_)E.54Q*3GG^+=TP
'/';Z9LV]WYD3


L.

MZD4!0 H  Z 4 4K]PZQ1\






MM-&^_P P;(7 SE$&-WN
[FS_ +7O6O0    
 =J .:B2*:V

-PCN8AMV
KL

M-P)HO



MV1PPVJ1U!]*S_PSV;3-.L4B:*
IYBL1N4(






M@#@8ZD\@'':@#:74;%@A6\MR'4NN)5^91U(YY ]:G

M66E%;B(3Q

44FYH$*C.!\I






5/$_EG#[7!VGW]*H:Z<:?':10&7[1(L7DI@93JX&2 /E!ZD

]
X/'0UAW5O-B0&%5OY;P71#$@9
M$KNQD9 &#U!S1-:W-S;6LMH6N



G4=<




8&7/WGY/;C ]OI3+NQNFCNH$L1








M48 IU% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 )38HHX(Q'#&D:+T5  !^%/HH *

M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110!4N;Y;=Y$$

M/F 8S@J2

$X.T8(X^OO44=IJ$DL$UQ':





]NXS5
M_4M/:[FLT6-1;0L2^V=XF4;2 %VCW]10!/9:A%?
XB20!420
X #*P.
#.1T
M((('2I+JZ6U$1:-V$DJQY7'REN 3D]


&BW:M:L$MY6A\K#RRDO&%()52$Y!]
DX KD(
M-(DO&OBEJL

A8Q
Q5



MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH

LA4Y.[G.1C
M XQ]*?%I-W')$[7L+%'C9O\ 1R
A5*D#Y^





4JQ0Q; X4

M(R-LJG(YYZ^Q_(^E9=SI5W;6=Q%:2-/')



M595-_ %D6Y7_ (]3D8@G^/J.* -N2_LX7=);N!&C +JT@!4$X&?3).*8=3
MLA+#&+J$O.S)& X.XKU'X=*R[CP[)
]RPNX\SQLIWQR
%+8W87S-N#CIC/3D

M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
J%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% '__9
end








begin 644 exhibit10-21x17x1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!# ! +# X
A .#0X2$1 3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB


@DB

#Z5K1





]



($0=BAVDS J3COTYJL\$\FNPW!C AAMY$W[OO%F


MEPVIC:4$ R$E?0YS\I_.HY(+CSF

S28CCW2+-G+*PW<!_X@?KQP*W=/M?(C<)
M;F&4JH:9U3




Q=]S




MF/8R!0?E';CC% #]1FGB6

AMN/ED '3T%2P
M6$9N[L/:*ENX0!3C#D




M)-MW(C!N


C
E7:* ,VRBDBTN-
M);;=,S.XC?!VEF)&3R!C/.,^V:5=/2)K-/*20)N\QMHY)!Y_.M&B@G-9%G@
M%N8XHXPRE=G8^F,51CTRX;4+@2SR&)H(4\SYDVO(2I_!EYXK:HH @G1)#M


_


3G'
M;Z'OBIZ* $7.T9.3CDTM%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %-D021


-Q&;E
MV5)



M.ZTW[3?6UT;NXC:W^ZB;-ISP<Y4GD<=?IBI%LV&H-=_:IR&7;Y

MBR@O[2X\C$1N[HRJS'./G< C _/I5F;0K9[6ZMH));6.ZE\V7R=O)( (Y!P











*T-
M0C;^WW41:C<(UNKF.VO&CMN(S@R*.@'2K:Z#%]EF@EO+J7S)?.5V*!HY
YW



M;N'&!T7''T/OFIX5=(465][A0&;&
GUH DKE=2N[NZCNA/$@6TU*!(O*E.3\


=F_.54MC'^R?ZUH:;=O?623R6\ENY)!CD4@@@X[@'!ZC@

MG=3\J/6Y1(^IG=;*Z+:O


M ]1W Y_.F+K\@M9Y9K)X#$R@-*)(XR#W+
@(QWX..*G;0H9&?S[FYG22W^SO






M

M#!R.W)&*U[VS2\2
.\B&.02*R$ Y'U]B15/^Q%Y_TZ[_ ./G[3_RS^]Z?=Z4



7


F
$#&!]T=OTQ0!GVEY)IUYJ1

MC1R922A=4'RY'(!;IQQT]*O-K1#86X-D9_L_G3Y@^[;G;C[N[C.?PI)?#\


SG=TSG/
M.
XSVH J+K4L^GO=2Z8/LXE\DHTH+!@^TY&

9B_[O=DMN/\.


M'-+:--)XF\RX@$+O9$[1*7&-XQV&#ZX_

MI+I

MI1WP


MJ1M(VUCW(P!GDD^O44 =338W$B!U# $9&Y2I_(\BN;L[BYOKJPN?MQBDETWS
M-FU3'O.W/&







-W;I/;N)(G&58=#3T8.
MH89 /J#^1KG=(DNHX]/1+KY+A9E$9C&U22#ZD^O.#[4'4[X:;97;R.T?DL
F[=P#UQST[U!;ZI<I_9OVC4
^9?3VTF\(/
52X7/

MY



M[6XFFNUCBM[Z&


M21R%@CJQ1MK;3G:?0^]




YP

M* .FHKF;[5;ZQEN4$RRYA@D4N HB

3W#





\G'



F&\N9K<VMQ%D1B3+(_H!L&,<Y!+?6@#?HHHH **** B

K2M
M%2Q
LEP+:XN))'?SEM]C .2Q7)).

8/





*IZJ.
M.A]*5+*TCMQ;QVL*0*0PC6

M




M1;0B1FWEQ&

MB%OC;Y6P;

M /
:


MMXDFD^_(J 

M\@ =GA4E@




M

]4D4


9



M:6T$TDT-O%'++]]T0!G^I[U/10 4444 %%%% !1110!F:_:YTXR) )I[9EG
MB7:2RD' ^H&/QK-M-.VZG
DUB1:R
+]6$8PCX*[..0PX;CG.:Z6B@#CEM4B
M\
&UAY;@7\,L<@:'RH$V&+LN\*2 !D%=P]A4&DQBWDT
MEDL[M)!=72N]M)N$;%RNYB
XRR'GOD]C7844 1PRK-$LB!PK#(#H4/X@@$5
M)110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% $%]=+96


$] 2*J?99?[15=UKGR3_P NYQU'^U0!=AO8I+2&X8-&LRA@
D9



M0QDLTF
;ARF



MG]



2S$DGG)/M4%
%(U?S$^;)/0 #VQ^8JHT<<^G6R
M.(6W2-PZ%R1DYV@?A^%17S


M_

R?O'*ME


:S-YBY\QLC#J
[5'TW'/T]Q0!;O=06UA=EBEDD'RHH1L.QX SCU

M)(QQ]*R[@R_Z1M1DB\QO
ER

M/EY/K^E %V:Z*SM#%$9'$1D.#@#T!^O/Y5-'*DD2RHP*
NX-[5G/+$+KRDN4

#O4VGK XEFMI6
4C$&$XVHV?F^F3^'?O0 K7Q12SI&JC

M 
Z +=%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4W8N_?M&
M[&

MAFB;:X'\)P#@_@1^= #\ XXZ4M%5+O4(;.XMH9=VZY?8I X!QW]!G ^I% %N
MBBB@ J

MSMW '&?QJQ0!'!!#;H4@B2-2Q8A%P



9.#@&I;#41?RWI;3QIYC\U]NQR#SM(8Y_R.N10!;C1(D5(U

*1TQ4U5=2O5TZQENWAEE2(;




M

E?$ER(C/;2;(@6)0!










M2M]GN9D DMB#&N6


QJN0

X@DFN+G-I/]O-PDEK<

'^4Y5DD9&!]BI!%
&G6P\





MPR%!;.23QGGKQZUK7 !B.8VE_P!A2!G\R!6/]EN679)9?*3C*K'D 
U

M!(& 3[GU1N+(&6Q\J!HX)?G)S&-I&5]_K5Z@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HK

:*Q
M(+ $8(/KVJC9:I
NIS6ZRW5[&EN9=D\ AFW9  4$)N'7MQQSS0!T-%9]MJ@N

#\K!5





F_EV+M&=/


MCKCWZ_E70+*CR/&K9:/&X8Z9Z4L

$N7D^T3W9CEM1;
IS7644 <LY+3W4HNKM1<3)


M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% %/5

MTFAEOY7G/F;HT;:N0RLV 
9'8@9SZU?MC-_:*AA)$/*):
JH5L$ $88X/]*F
MN-/CN//#NX$S(3M.


K[R6 &. .P [4 6:*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HK

M8KG(KR73X&M[&W#2SWTR(JJN%QECP64'ITR*NVFHW[7]G;7MI' 9H9'8;\L&
M5@.@) !# ]3Z=N0#8IAD02,NHD(R%SR1ZXK'UNTFEO(+F.TAU.%3OM9& (

MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** *U[90WT2QW'F;58
M

C!_2FWD[6UN954-@@$$XX)Q5:&^EE
MF.

_RJV

MNI3)=01K;_*^[=U/0=JNVTKS1EWC

M /Y_E5V@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@IJ2R/9LD4;2.S+PI [CGDU1M(Y)
M;@*% 


$#//8]0:T0 




M&1'WEB5P
9(Y'MUSWH W[F[6.7^;-%%YAB0C)'X_0T^TG^TVD
^W;YL:OM


MI5B@ HHHH H6VIBXU*XL?LEQ&\ #
[[-I!SM(PQ/.#V^N*OU@0WJ6_B'4II+







GT^
)(D+;RXW@



M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%


DGM0 M%-1UD171@RL

M0'T+@2BF++&[;5D5FQG .32LZK]Y@/J: '44@((!!!!Z$4PS1 X

2
N#U1L5DJ3$LUT3(ZR3B)6#@

8MG.5^[@Y
MX'?H: )#-%9?9[=VE8RML0D%R3C/)_J:LU#- 9987$TL?E



MMBC1-'.?
!D:0@94'/8C/(]C0!F220Q7RKQ'(L@)$;':K;0O]SG_ %@_.G7#


7(RP9%48X\O\ K&/SI)M+,VFK
M:M*-RQLH;9D;B

?0U
M;EL/
\MUN)DG0Y\U2
D=P01C!]

'4%@
MD7*I&)%^^

(J*F

$E*9:


(R%
M
P%6: BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **R?$T
4VC/YMNEP4







M$=13JH:1=RW]D[W

MB Y^7![!NF.QY[T =69$$JQEU$C L%SR0
9./Q'YBGUC-
^F7::;8VELENMG
M)-$



M
F$*V %_N\ 'CUI[W=Q$\UEIK1'[# DA-QES(#NPH;(Q]W[QSUZ4 ;=%0V=P

X8#@CWH UZ:S*BEF(50
D

;B2-74
 P!



^:_P ZCH&Y^?\ X%FHTT'3XQ&%2;]W




MNGRS62WWL)O/ 9V*A_[P7.!U_/GK6A10!5LM/M[%XK99%1V+MNE=SD]3EB


YB=R\(@8


F^T:-XY6M
.
#I5ZB

 $8_#KWR*6]L8+^U:VN@[Q-]Y5D9-W


M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4

MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** *U]?V^GPB:Y,BH6Y2)GY/3[H.*;



[M&B
M9RZ\J


:7++&;JXQ

9S[5BM?QGP_JE@MT1JUH'
C0RD/(PYW@@Y]
CMT[4 =A17)7
MVHR\U!K*ZF:1;9Q* \D:*6(=EP0 

MA0\;BS

TVRO(+^V2YMF9HGY5F1DR/4!@#CWJI:WD1\.0W4MPAC-L



PS@X/?% %K^QK7_ )ZWW_@?
M/_\ %T?V-:_\];[_ 





^;.\O3TW$X_K%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 07D?FVY386;(*C.,,#D'/L0#5!M/E6S6V*+,RRH_FX[AO#-D9Z]:UJ*


M9.(87$


]R?+

M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4


\?\+MM*AO
MJ


U9259&=5#@HVT[D

JQ[VE&YH650ORDK\P^4''RX.:Z!#(6?S%



XYZU$EGK$B:?+=_8WNK.4L2LC;9 492?N\'YLX[^U %T:S8M:

M$




M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 

7E
MLS;1/'GD=?2H]4_X\)/JO_H0JA;2XGC8





;T3:
0E.O)P3USQ^0H GDO((FE




M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %

4Z;)HUD7(.&&1D5'#:1PR

M-=U1&=VJHR6)P /6@)+98D=86
8=RYQS@GKCTYY_.F&R7?#MD=8HCN\L8P





MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@




X;;


D&FV?VE

MF.F


MM%M*$9!'(QCTKGM(M(UOM.06T%B1+))'




ZC+&\+Q0V4<Z0.I&=Y^\#_L
MGMSQTZG070]/6-(U@94160 2N/E;JIYY'3@\# Q3GT:P=64PL \0A;$C E1G

MFVDMY]J:
B; 5F5V4..P8 X8?7- %NBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BHKF3R8&DW
M;0O).

./E$8?[@SDDC^]TXH T**JP3R/:QR(IEW9/S84CFJ\-]
;





3NQG!!4=B* +U%8XO;LP%75TE:X1-PX'(+*,
MGTSU]:OP7BRPR3,C1Q(6&YR.=I()X/M0!9HK/L)[J:SCFVK)YN7&\[H).%Q
MCL


MO'_ :OK
 (O
&QI1P



M'SS
W1$'^)_KZ4 6J*K6L^]W@D;
T9S_ +RD_*P]L?J#44L[K(_[XH!V(7C\

M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 5=14M83*H))' %12VK*6NO

M=\H/W
=Q@G\3FK]% %*R=HM




X/'\JANM
EG%


M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@EJMW-96GGP01



%7&5!]NN*L1:A93)(\5W;


%R'-O/'+L8H^QPVUAU!QT-


4@C*
S)@X7!&

M
YSGT[\  Z



5GZ

CB*5EW/M8$J=I( (&.IZT6D=PE[=Z@UI+'YZQI]FW(7)4G

;V\EM%'&\4D+[]VXL#D].J]!

M+-&REF'7(X(YY[54\PM=O&EPB\#S) D@8CG&#N//7KTH W:*J+=6\$=K&ID*
MS'9&2K


M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% &5XD4_P!D/(CSJ\;H


#W J!-


M!P


MHHHH **** 







)'Z57%CJ

Q$I%*&4K(VT$
M
0._&

C2-TF5I+F,

1QCK[ _7TL2Z3J
TKNT


4$)MG\Q%CO.V
G








2KL





M: /IU)H GHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** &LH8 ,,@'-(T4;-N:
M-?4@5!?ZA;:=$);MG2

MM&\C&[OCTH:)'='9 73)5B.1D8-58-4M;BZFMHC

ML;Z#4(3+;&0H#C+Q
F3[;@



M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% &;KMQ;6]BGVN:*-&GB'[Q@
M?WBD]?8$_2J
$
UAJEC9*IDL/
:2VDSGRQY;9C/YY'MQVKH** ..34E^V2-#
M?7$5O+9S

202^=
M!!%?3RQR:7*P

!]3E0Q/
M![_C73VNG1VUP9_-DE?#*ADV_(K') P!U(!YR:NT 8.D7L3ZY=6T5]]H0VT


MQHU._%P(P=3


MJ5;'U4D?@10!8A54A148L@4!6+%B1]3R?K4E
BC2*)(XUVHBA5'H!TI] !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110!6OI9(+4R1%=P(ZC/!.*K075S).J;TPSR+S&1C;CWJSJ$4L]HT




MY*2[0HVGE@?O#^M7Z BBB@HURWVLHAW@#:8\88'KD'TQ^N*2SFFDDF#JQ4





M95GJ-V=-_M#4KRTAM2KAF2(HT9#;002S _3'I0!NT5E7.JJ9KBRMS(MS';^:



M(#8QG@\9IT6L6

2)-V (V)


+?.F/O

M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444

D
J_-TY!7!X]*(=$:/4YKB6UL+H2R


M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1535+B2UTVXFA
MQYJH?+R
C=VSZ#.




Y!W$#D#/;- &O16#_;WV&V
M9[R&ZD9II%5
1AE (^7J%)YP 2??DU=@UFUGU-]/4D3J2RGD8R, Y&,]Q
M@]B: -&BLB\U18-;MK;[5JL0CP%U#L6!PP'7@@#C^\?2G7.NPV]]):?9IY)
M(T:1MA3H%SG!8'';.
9[T :M%9

M/





<CG-7:* ,:XT%T9M

M4CICYN!ST'%:%% &;'H5A&N%2?&S8
W
AP
Y&



M(8MN




M#

M0


MU9(+6-W
IF90=N.


M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH



MN

end








begin 644 exhibit10-22x1x1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!# ! +# X
A .#0X2$1 3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

MW#Y1^!=OR'K0!O27$44L44CA7F)#^\0,G]*$GCDEEB1LO$0'&#QD9%8'B6
M07GF&.4)'&T-NRNR$W#@$=.V !GU)%3V-M=P:C


]*YN&X
5M&GG&




'BO;U

M8O)(^
NQZGBK5% %62PADNWN6

W-Q!--#-$4*/%*R'E@#T//!/6@#

 [L%F'KT-



M-';6\D\K!8XU+

!E01V4\?C3[




M.I!P58=#V-6J* ,Z'2(DNX[NXFFO+B%2L3S;?D!ZX@#/OUK*T/1)&C!U.&





61EV?
2

M%K



M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !125
MCZM?307=C$(_F

M2W

M#K5:&[^QE+:47

=Y
&)*C8 -[#!(/0
M'/2HA=%[ZU6-R$
S(Z[F/2



M(].QZ4 7**KPRW#QDR0!&#$89@..Q&

M H UJ*IJ;_S%W&$IYI!PF





2AB1D;L9XS@
M4 ;%%5IVSQYDR%1SL3(/XX-4=&N7FTZPN;B:XEEFA0M^[^7+*3PN/QH UZ*
MKW7VHJ%M#$CGJ\JEE7_@(()S]?\ LZ/4[NYCM((TBANYQ(Q
BET54;:6 !!




=$8-G9U.
4
M 7**SD8KJD$:32LC12
ROG&04QU'N:9J4LQF%JMU#%OPS$H043/][=WQC\_2


MN!)+)&]S'+(0'VQXVH.F!W/3J?TJZFD77[) [+RGWJ#P22-I/_ 'RP_&@#


N;&3SK5XW=V^T!Y&P./D8
M9^G.

MGED292@5]N$SP2
#ISG'3TJ+[+='[4L
8@=Y@\;Y&% 15_7!_.KXO8
#?((V
MRJE&(RK'& ??D4R7488II(Y/E*8R695!R
\9(H 8L!DTX0/ 81&




D



^W0YD@9L,F,D]3V_#C/U%+:WL-

!N$

M$B[AQZ@C\/2M-;J)BX^8%&*
IZX!_D12P7,-RH:%MZLH8, =I!Z$'H: (+Z
M*X:VA2%G=UEC+,&VDJ-V2
=LT+#
+^)\
(A&X;]Z6&25QP?H:NT4 4;BT-S


0


M;38\R&!$;!R



D?=_?;./I6=


M6#Q@
=L338PR\^6%Y7'T//UJ]10!6LGNFB(O(D213C
M=&V5?W'I]*LT44 %%%% !1110 5G:TUK!C)N8AR
C[XK1J&ZM8;N+RKA Z


3C'0^Y]Z 
U
ME47



@
K#GN/U% &+EE%Q'(NV3[;;Y )8?\ ++N:

].E &;:2
MR/=VZ2^82C':60J






SBEE5%=U!(1]ZCZ'O4],ABC@B2*%%CC0855& !
M3Z BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HID4L<R;XI%D3)&Y3D9!P?U!%*CI(NZ-E9<D94Y''!H

M HHHH **** BFLZH 78*0!DXR?2G4 %%-1TD7=&RLN2



MX$[E5*@37$DB@$8/#
1TH S;S5=3M(Y@WV0N+&2\0B-L+L*_(?FYX)YX^E/O




AA+D@K]XXQ@Y'/UJ;
A(..V?PK?N[VO&1YD;S$!R1NT;J#U 92#C\:H:MI+2Z9'9
MZ=# )TE822




RN?F'0CGY2.
8QC ]* *!UB^2Z2S
=NTPNQ
M;22?
%.8_

MY!

;F.?F..
/SO+E)+[IW9LGKAB<C\#6?/H?DFW2QBS#A15:]F
MB9 2

]H;B0F)L@AERNW=Q@-C.3SSQTJ&

YPI.

M'Y;.P0$


M6#6AM2DIA)!V_:).


73KF^,*P!]52)T$$EUC&1S@<G/?/-6Y=5O4MYG,#R


M4TBS02A5F'FN9&/GR9W$8R#NR...




GD;(7[O5N

%5FQT/&[M[\
AO]0NYM-VS0Q9












1W*_FOO!Z?

M@K

Y (4 #.!GIUQ27FF6EZ
M^ZXC9CL:

SJV[(ZC!^7CKCW
/O8Z<\UIR:!ITGG[XI2)T$<H^T2 
1G;G!/M[C9NK.[@$
M
RML4AEV.4*D=I!%5O[#T_S8Y!%(K12-*A69UPQZG@^Y_
^IH HVNLWC?8



WEM'E79?E/


$
M\@GF5'



#K_\

EA\



CJ/I2W&GW#75K-:W
M

O@'Y5]NOX


%B



6022#


[VY8.^ !@!Q@8&






J

% WJH


MJI/;CH* +\/B:RGB#1)
[F80;$VOAB
CYE8KCWS6O$[/$KM&T;$9*-C*^QP2

M4-L56;=C&


YXJ\VG7$

$CK^5


MD
9RI..U5[FQN9I;:YCNHTNH4936C;=C)V[@1TX^;\ZL:?:)8645K&25C&


$+E1D*N


\A8318+N16'OAF&?H

F
MM-:*+=)88V6+#
2P*@%=S#Y1P#GFIO\ A)[6UBMEU'$-P\2/
N]1Y18=P2&/
MX X[U?BL9TUF:^:XC



^]4
MM!L[BXA#3N\4$5W+
L$ELT;DEV*DENJX(/ Z]^
4 /L]8CT[2V:_N'FD^U31



 R
X





D?-VR
@X/M46KZF6AN8(3

VT8\DQM&K ;L@GEN!V'3I4
MK:%+-+-+/?%GE@CB(2(*H*-N#8))Z]L]S[8 &ZGJ)FM+B.






.OX$#
M\
T /$]VK@/;-L$I4OE?N8X;[W3\


N;A^!&5.#\G?;^M
M &K_ &M9^0\OF/A)/*9?*??OZXVXW9QSTZ4BW4MY''/I\D;0.C_
\9R&' X)

MIF1B)9&4JQ;AG+#)/)/- %I93#:6[9$*IF0C@#UJL=;TY86EDN/*L%*RHR
M

:YT\6L%K]FMG+.CN5RC)@ *1T;/Z4 11:W-'I$UW=0!G2;R8M@
M*K.20%*@\@$GWZ9YJ['_ &FI4RM:R!F^8(C*8Q@^I.[G']VL[^Q;HV
FF&2+

@#0HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B

M\JS

M


=OZ


2-V?]
MG[W3^_VQ2QP37.G:2(TN_D3S
)M5

MN+MKN*4)%(L3$H
+]UPN!U/IGO6CK5I/
+2(SRK;Q31@.'Q)(Y.
Y'3 )^I/



3D<8)Y!I=]O)=^3#O$-B[


EU#(\H0%960;
X(!

-QY%6+V-W2-XUW-%('V

M

MH.)F$FQHEC'S1C[SXRV
GH!C\_:DUB%IK14+'RT=&;GEB&&!_7\!5;RI%O(8

M;F;S-A_A 55'Z+G\:N4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11

MAL9 .#GFEHH :R*Q4LH)4Y4D=#T_J:&C1\;T5L=
C.*=10 A4







MYIUO;17#W&8I4
K U&2SM)K_ %.:)++.8C' ^X*3P6P6Z\=A^'0 &K16=+KFGQ?:]\SC[(%,
MW[ESL#=#TY'N*#KNG&XE\]MENJO+B)R55AD-C&2
=QQ0!HT51&KV1C60R.(


74KL].H[]CW[4ZQU2TU25+9I2T) D#PNFTGM\P'- %VBL
M+5;Y?$%[:7#V_V2TB$Q


MR




F
XYZ]*?%K%A

MT 7J*P=:\0BVT&YO].9'E@*9CGB93AF Y4X(ZY!J_+K%E!
D
\X24A2V%)5-

+D]
D9H OT5FW6NZ=:7!@EFD

^W6G1:U8S&81O
Q
M@D6*0?9Y

G4=
GNM9TO4(GC7



PRQ7&1\G
)8W-
MI:0VT

')V\]3_\ 6J:ULY]
O;S4=3-L
&I;33[P+.VX6\SY^6/<=HSU^[W]

M$)FX*\9)VC'KGH

M'/

M10 T;_+^8+OQT!XS6)X=TR^TZXU!KM;;9=W#7 
4K


5U-% '#:A*L'B&6(60GB^T
M)
8DO$1G90



9W$+C

Y:W\ZSLS:VX#
5D/9GX&.@X&?K6G;RZ@=1





M@ HI#P

L8#







MI(&
TL(=A*
10*%^8( 0&SC C'YGD4 



M52?QH S-:@EN;MM-CO)6GO&
_6XM
MKB:)/WL.[<LAQ@

B+&20R
21OQN!  !P




5N9O.4



.1%WLKRJJ^I!/2IU974
1CO0!4DU2^3Q8-
+VHM?L

42)=.SL[1LT:



C!**03SNXZ?J/P .I%\JWURLEU9BW@C4L/

4]F(HVWQ_
P!XQN]_TJCI6F


MJZII[H'6^MF0JS!A






LD4U];







MNFN5FMC T



Q.#]
T )XGUXZ7ILL
M]C/:27$+*'AD^8X) Z!@1U!__76]7$ZGH6IRZ5K5I':&:2ZOOM$

M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B



M5'89?9U#)_*N?M[JU$&C;;B'73LV''R@QR\G\2/SJ[H31R7.KR1LKAKW[R





MDF64[N'C


M3

M/:M(P:
F.\BM(H



MHH @6TMUNVNE@C%PZA&D_,1Z9J; R#@9'0TM% !1110 4444 0FV@,KR&%
M[XW
5R3CI3HH8X0PBC5 QW':


@@]13Z* (Q#$(


M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH


0.WJ!5S^TK P1S?
M;;;RI&V(_FKM9O0'/)]J +5%9MSKFG6]Q;0O=PEKAV0$2# (!SD_48^IJ:/5



GOV'6F7.K6\=K




M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H


^B:DFE:A;?8GE:
^MK=3%;F;SE!D%UP#[\]<9IVF6

\M3D[CNP1Q@=_6NLH



MB'


X..U=%10!S2V%X/%LER+.06C61M1



M@'3]*ZRB@#\,V=W9OJOVJW:%9[UYXLLIRK?0G!XJK9:5))XLU&^OM*S#*8V
MMYI#&Q0H ,\,2,D#&/QKIZ* .6UW3M4O;NX$5HAA$L#Q,CJIDVGYRV22.
9

MS6]K$Z

]JZ2


58HH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBD
MH 6BBDSSCO0 M%%)0 M%%% !112 YZ4 +1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%)2T %%%% !1110 44E+0 4444 %%%)0 M%%)0 M%%% !1110 44E+0 4444
M %%)2T %%)TI: BBDH 6BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH




F

C;G^\







]
@_K6K*D@^9)O+11R-H-5K^Q\V%%
MMX8MZ#8I8E=JDC.

DL#W(+@
M,$*2-QQDG JW+N.I,GFL@-J?F!Z'=UQTIRPW#ZDLL@C6%&6/:QRQ;'48XP!






M)9P'?D

G:G3
M6CR7XGQ$4$6S#KGG.:6SM6@-UNV#SI-X\L8P-BC^AH QDECN)[^&9@@,GE%F
MD9SLP@8+GJ3CZD<5I6\EU<6K202)NV +&W&&]SCCCV/XTY+ QR3.JIM\T21
M)GCA% S^(/Z&I+&S



A%(!;V&2!^9KFM
LKN)=%%QI
@DLHVC=RT1Q\

DB-$R[@X8%2/7/I60?$$

P






M)[9MC2F.KW#W-K/

M84:7B



M5XIDE

]Q[@4 )J&M6=IIGVQ+FW='8)&WF JS$XZYYQU/L#3X[
MB[72WN&-K=2!2\;1
,XARN[)'3.<<?6@G:ZM
UQ;17MK'!]JB
D3
MQS;UX )!RJX.#[BKD6I6
T+317MN\2MM+K*I4'TSGK6;9:2D.E&1;!FO?LQB
M\J[F
HZ?=Y9@%)[#M6;=Z;J


U):W$=W:Q7$1S'*@=3[$9JC=Q75YJ*1 7-K
M#RW
9B(=B

GCCC
M&!GB@#2U6[DL--N+N.)9C AD*

M0#DE5P1D=JDUV*:?1+VWA::6:%HU12HY88SDD#'-5O[.6WTUYK6Q:2\9%'E
MW4OFL!D9&68CCJ!D#('(ZT :ZA9/;BX6[MVA)VB02*5)]
YQ55?$.CM+)&-

M%_J







M




M[@HY/)%6[^_MM.M_/NYEBCW!06.
DUA7UAJ#1W5O#8B5GNX[E)S*H5@&4[6S
M\P( QT/'Y5JZY;S76F%((_







_45-63
DC;P
MQ^0 XVJ6.?RJU3617QN4-CID9H SI-8*W)A33KR7$:RET\O&T]\%\]CQC/%7






M17+V&G


+R**
MQFR-M A554#*[MA*?
#GD @T/9^&KO]E83PW8N;9IXJL51!P6&4(./KZ



MI$C..

LL
C*9 !VQC=Q]:=J$4EU8W(N+&ZFFEL56U8P

VL@C))!W94

M.P$;F%D#L

-LP
#A6'';\*
/44 =:Y*HQ52Q R%'4^U9MGJYNGL1]E=!=QM(&+@A=O;W//TK-M4\K7$
MNH[6!<SK

Y274QI<UKYD4MNTI9\%6 (!7;_P '6KJ*J($10JJ
  8 %8NKV\;:Q;3





9

HWW3NXX[C%07]DL

# Z4'@=
UA2:; =2E5+!&MM
M219)6
(P&5LG=GNP(QGN:KQ6&==EEN3?)/%-OA:*%3&T79=^PD#&05W#V%
M&UI=]_:-D+@PM2[H48@D%6*]1QVJY7)0VX.C+J!LW^U:?=2SJLT#*S(9&8@
M!@





FB*VGR[6C(G4VS



M-




YYR?3O5C3(9;?6IL0EHY3)(TDD+(Z$M
MP_W7'IW  % &EJ.H)86MQ-M,KPPF8Q*05'4\_YXJS$_F1(^





N4!D55?'(4Y _' KGY].L(M62=-
VQ26DA+PVY5@V1W4;@

MRJ?*67+J 
$L .O7Y3^8K*@MIK;6XG5))Q)M5VGA/F( @&1(ORXSU4]R2*W7
M\JWC:3R\!5Y\N

M% !1110 4444 %0BWC%R;CYS(1CEV('T7.!^ J:B@ HHHH *JWUA;ZA$L5TK
MLBL' 25DY'0Y4CI5JB@!!P



9RH$
MC!3]5!PW3OG%3444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110

MOE0

GL*P;I




;


DF?[N./S-16EXEV
M9=B2*(VVDL!@GO@@\XJ'4)QYT5IYHA$H+/)ND*,9 ]SD?3GVIS7ME:0Q)'+
M$W)&BJX&


M-#]W






X_K
M2)?![A8AX#.R!\C&5Z]\]JIZJH,CY*C9!@Y'JW&/R-,1R:FMD\@:.)S(5D


MJ +4NI017*Q

MHY[M8 Y=.$!/WER1]


T05 -XS@N
@8]!3;G488(BR_.P( 3[I//09[U#'
&'.$1A)*V<8Q]T9]2<?E0!
EW#)*L:

9IUB7=[W+%T$NR

V1@*N?_'L

'4-M

M 

*<D 8YJ\B

M#8!P



MGN:RK&XC@F$URTT

8VCVSU


.VYMHQD^M5+4V8[I)6!YQDY'; Z=/2I_M7_

M]14M8UY*HFTV-94WJVX(%W
/W;\X]*C$TB$S&Z/F2
L?R



\S%0V6/S]1[?XT :A5

4JD21JP8@G([CI2-;PO&J-#&R*05

@+CH32M'&SJ[(I9/NL1R/I5'48M2D
.1@CGCGDXS2:M+(VF#
[C=:N

=/3)JW?R/%=P.!&H57(9

CUX_4T 65MX5N'N%B03. K2!?F('09J6LVQ8/=[



=?K3Z* (H((;:!88(DBB485$& /PJ/^
MS[+_ )]+?_OV/\*LT4 116T$!)A@CC)X)1 
_E2RPQSQF.:-9$;JK#(-244

&H3:6Q55

VP;F&3R2/
M3Z4D,$5NFR&-8UR3A1@9-244 1K#&LC2*BAV^\P')Z?X#\J6**.%-D2*BY)P
MHP,GDT^B@!@C17+A0'/!..:%BC5V=44._P!Y@.6^M/HH 2EHHH **** BBB
M@ J&XC\Z(Q&-)(W!#JYX(_*IJ* 
R+3I(YH9&\MO*

MS9=XV#'&U1_0TRTL%2/




M6918RL)+

#&._MUK1HH IK;S)?W

L5

4
MR$G.3GT [D^F?QJQ10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 45'.)3X@9%EQ\I=2R@^X
M!'\ZY]-8U )I
DTUD$NYO(G40ME'!;(!W^HV_7GOB@#I**P=1O[^ F43PI;+
M?0P@B+YBA8!P26([XS@=#]:T1JEHT!F#N0'



1A@
M.^: +U%4(M8LI8)95DDVQ$*RMZOD]


W8/EM@8Z

M

TKM&)0L








M:5HR1]P?Q'C@#'\Z+75+.\D2.WFWL\?FI\K 

MH+2UFM8XYH9)
RPLY!4KZ..N[\



M








7!'&TJ.


'1AE6'0B@#%TC3+^RN;
SBV



I#



M)QUZ'!]J 

VU
MBUILW





.M $UU:175E+
M:2+^ZEC

RDOYB(H#83:Q;*^IX&#UXY^M95EI.-6O

.?3=2E

0!8@=3R0 .1R2* *
&EW%C
MK9N+

TLKE]I81 *N<C(R%],@''X5IU'-
M+'!\LK!(T&68]A0!@#1]126$I]F:-+[[4=\[EL;-N
E3D\G\AZ\7;BUCCFU

OYA&U=F.#GG/TQ_6G4 4='@FATZ+[5(9+A




M5@9)A#;*Q$WR_

MW5!EC]!W/?@=ZALKN.^M([F(.$D&0'&#UQR* 



;)G

]L9Z''%;5% '*Q6:B[LD

9Q



M-Q\=[+YOEP.%V_,,L%&/N8)[=.
UUU% '*6UO)_HS26L\5]$[_ -H3+$P\


*6A
0#!FR





U)0!S-U:O;75Y;:9!.C?
M8 D6U6;@3PK8V@XQT[^]-OK62RW:;9W5O\R&\C2W(9EPP.$=2&.2,X!SC
MOBNC6XC=E56)+9Q\IYQU/T]ZJMK%@IDS,=D6=\@C8QKCJ^-N?;.: #1;6.T
MT]8H'N&BW%E\] C 'G 7 VCVP




AE*9R
@ !L'\!R


 C'(!'IGJZ:K*PRI!&2.#W'
M!H YJ$OY^EO/:3IM:8-Y$
H0*00#MQ\F?0\CZ5#IL/D_V:T-I=1W!2:-Y)()





9 (]*8^FS.MI#?B\6S(D\H0PK*827)0
M





M?MB:BH: 


MHYU6
S95B

\UV%% '$RW


MVQBNEG+P:%/+IC-/(86DA9I#+N)&1@DG(]!TK1HH YJ:ZMHK$SV6I7$T+21B
MZ(F
AA7/S'N4)[CC Y &*K7EYY$!


2PIM4EB2268\DGO0!RUI/J


S;\#:QR-P_N'@EL]:[



M:'58XP'N

QR
UR4
3GG=@*W3 YXY!'




5VM% '&W^H0Q_P!KB'5G/DVD=Q!BZ_Y:





L&OWTDL@CMQ;
MP!F=L*'+..I[XV_I6M4-M;1VRL$R6=M[NW+.W3)_  ?0@:BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **1FJ68@*!DD]!5;^T;

T(/[Q5#$8Z D@?R- $E%


M7!8H5OK5D9_/C 4E3N;&* +-%%% !14+W

D\2RQ'*-T.

LP H ?15;^

M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@

MP48M*!DY[DC%=6ZJZ
C#*L

MZO&QY9E




CA



\+GIU-


.1

L+HLCQ%A@
M.F
K]








M@CD
32&7:=PZD+CH#QUS[&H#H$+::M@]W=/;@;6#%#N7G@_+QUZC!]ZLIIJQ

MV'TZTD7B!9-

M






MT_FSI#@





ZW:BZN8Q=[?
VLO4 #(R#R0HS].
9-.ET6&661FGGV3


M6EGE:[NC)+

@'!Z



%8SR?0@#WJV-&@&GBR




M I;C0H+B9Y&GN%+M&Y 8'E#D@GL.




H1_/C)42

M10 51O\ 4XK&YM()$E9KIRBE(V8# )YP/;^O0&KU4-1LYKBYL9H&C!MIBY#Y
MY!1E[=_FS0!5T75O.B2&]G#W;3S1 K&55MC




3V
CS1M)/)F8DDO
%1TY.5!.?[S4:E
MINIW
]X8([39

$#ZDG( ]P ==7LQ$)TNTYQ^XDR0

--D2
M $.J







:4P9M;5K:0*Q



!A?Q(H N44E-616;:
G@-G!

8RS$9P* )J*3K2T %%%% !1129&
MHJ$W
2W:VI8B9T

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
QR7+Q6%W%<R/,8Y);A3
MN[)4E Y]NBUT=% '-VS32W#1Q&Z

M]FD
U3):ZC&B6]X(/L\ 
9NA
MN)4MOMOX.O.1G'6NCHH YDVVK0@$17TK*%9

M;4H[NYDA@MU5$Y9Y9$#IT(VE0ZGOG(]*T** .0U6[CL+VNWN;:5%:(E;B.




Q+'!]
V]I#J-RL'V24IF%5/F1


9
BQA9(V5BS?=^4C//K

87 .692 X


M_P!H)41^;D1.04_O#CD#N1T[XJ:75K&&9HI9PA4$EF4A.!N(W8QG'.
YQ0!=

M_E52ZLY++4+!%:::!KYY@J0


$D#@?3N
M:UJ* *MI;

M@$#L
D18(I+T

M3GZ 59T^PN+*UN8_M

MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** /_9
end








begin 644 exhibit10-22x2x1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!# ! +# X
A .#0X2$1 3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

)+R[3Q


5 :XD4-CUVKW
M_$C\: 
O3+:VN)[FZ(\J]F$:^;C=B0J@Z\@8Z=ZGU:.XN+W[(DZ$S+@H!(I
M6,\%A\X5L$\\=Q4MOHBV$D MC0+Q)'


N<<8[UT-8]MH
MB6EU 8EMY+:(?*LL^9&0.K ?SY]ZV* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H

M.#M5?4*3T.


EO+O


M 

D8!!_6L33_$-X9]

M[IMS'YD5Q^[VNQ9D90 IPV20
8]#6+I7AW4-/GTK+6KQ:?YZY\Q@SASD'[O!


M



O


0$C)MR.














\GV'6M*LF'3;F'7S?F6.1'M5AD
MSD-N4YR!TY^O%:U !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %




A_P#(%L_^N2_RH OT
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 (% .0 **6B@!*6BB
M@!%4*

XU*X%S%:
MP-;(LI7
NU^%48W9('!SGOTX .LDDVHY53(ZKGRU(W'T') Y]Z?7(:D_V.+7




9QQ6AH4EN=7U%;69YHBD120LT@(P?XSG/7U
MH WJ*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB







!FN?N9(9+.5%AM\-8O+E(MI4@#


M20._^R:75((C;R*_DQ1S H\I3E1USF@#0S3!-&;AH V9%4.1CH2!_(U5T]



W?GOE3Y;;,#H,D+GTSR?QH TP<@$9Y]1BHI+J&($O(.'6,@<D,2 !@?4
M50T=XW@MQ@


9]Z -2
M@
6-#O#QQ?N1MW19(#
MX]



!



M &R)$9F4



0,C'WNO&,U<NR\6DOMBJ
J8Y_










:APJ3A6V\[P8V.
?E0!?=2RE0Q7


556^Z!U;!]!^N!WH M?V9%]@-GYDQB)!!+DLN" ?3%/EL89


MQEBOMG^(4 7X+18[1()7:?:=Q=P
L=V[)QQUI'LH96E
R+*LC*VUAD @5'9B





$@9/K55;MXY0SSR_O' ( ')+ *!QQGC- &A#8
M)&\\DDDDSS8#

[E(P

M;^T+P+*P6..






MX).SC;D@#/3/052DOLWQ:6.YC6 $A 




$&LB[NIV6Z\N1MWE?N]F0-V#TY'M6M_Q\0JT-PRC^]'




M^E/GF6$R,0
# Z\G% &7#83[$'EA'#


M?U% %NJ=_#+



BLY+*=(4(@D7&_Y PR
R[@#SZ5M0S+
I95=
M0#CYT*_SJLFIV[P1RYVB1@H4D9P3P3ST(P?H: &V5L\9N4GA4I
YESG(Y_A(

5#]O@%P86;;
M^Z64



@J

MY_6@!BQ3_P!FO%]G=

&F5K#'*\CUJW4
ERD=PL+9!9&DSV 7&?YTR.]MY'=/
M
565]F1\QP

=]
M$]ZP0RM+


B65RLPCD=C*8PHZ!F8CKWYI=
M1LVFT&[MH(U\Z6V:
 8&6*D=?K5NWN[:Z+BWN(IC&=KB-PVT^AQTJ:@#.BM)
M//N'FMX@KQQA41\@E2Q]!ZBF&WGDT:]4PE)K@2

01R
$E#J#MS( F

8^0X )&?QJT=0B5T#)*HD.V-BG^L.
S)&R[U^0J -Q

NCQMMY60@L/KCC/TIL]RD#(&5VWY^Z
XP
_7\J)KJ**V
Y







O6I[U@GAW<QP!$A/Z5?N(([F!H902C#!PQ!_ CD4X(
M%C$:_*H&!CL* 

M90.&\V
2EP58R?-QW'/0?2GUA#QOM):)B98G ./\!SUH QUMY0)_-93LGC
MDB8E#@;4&3GGJ&Q]!CI5S5#B\TX_-_K7^X 3]QO6K)L+4P&$P*8S%Y)4_P!S



 [S][/.0
'T&/J:N6]




$0VC@$_/D9_&H;1)#8WD[RL)UDE!:/@':2

MUJ(EC:/S%50B[SG:!TQZ=!^0H C





MQ/RC)XXSVZ8]:TGM(FN#.2XD*[
AR




M6S@7)$?)E\TDDD[_ %_I2K:0(T;+$H
;

ME7'F-O QD=AS]3BK]A



M% &5XLBCE\


G).[

MG$;*B#&Q!R3NSCH?7GFKDKW
FA7KW$D


M8GG/4\U+(
H1L#_[)H YY5DEEP

M=W'7K59])DE)/F1Q+O\ 
\O8) S9R





ML$$F\NV?-\T ' '&
8ITD+SW
3R +'Q91GEFP1D^V?_K8H K6+2-
@:[+J



W <
-C'C(SGCO[UTFT!BV!N(P3CDUE6FDO':6T<TOSP


)-H(E! CP%'[E^@QQ6VL%S]E


2


-R[56CDF\QB?O$; N,=.
MH!H H3W#6O+E4?(HP6E=D#EACM@'&/^^A5K3II9/LC2RN_F6@D8'&-QV\U9

M


V6:!F7G=G(YSSZ?SH


9U;.WE@'W$#C)^4'BM^LJ32(_M
&VW@:%93(Q91D#:1M QR
G/)K4
M& 


]:TK*




M9!O1C-.=AR!YAP?KZU4


^<_C4=
MZCFZMS<R,DDE0RAMY'\.T=CV')..U &I!=BXMFGBC<@9V@C!;'I['L:A&I1


NKY$L5GMW




BL5(?(]$8_TK/L


MSQIJC^8Y2(
6MQD_O3(PR??!X_'/I4^L)



)3\RMM/3O]#WK2%O;3+%(88G
MVIM1F4$A2.0#Z$4 -FO8XI85;@2D#+<%<].#[\?C4:ZI TY7/[KRT=9,'G<2
M!V]A^=5=3B:)K1(0D5O21&ORC 7GITP
@?YQ7T]7BN;2V
A298H_
SC&U5^

M^].3CKC.

K*[

VPA1NZ')Z@]
C(SUJW5/4TA&F7IE5!&


M?[(YZ^I[?CQHNK

LL


MZ5D6;RBVMU\Z2%KLDH5C! )!;(R3C@4FL7!MKE3*R/&MK(YCDE**[ CMW/6@




MG7K0!LD @@C(/:FQQI&$4#/)]ZHV+O/=2!Y98,<0%6R.^%%9\%W<22^?&

\L/

M'_GDG_?(JM:@^?=)\H9=H#C))XSSDGUJO=).=1MH_
V@<2!X8V$
MO^L!4?-]?6JNH8\J.%Y)K##] 2/7..N<=
53
DLXVR32J6B^9U;:%RP!(QZ

D8;^=6(

M

16VL&7(S@CH13?L\)DWF-6




?]]4 7C%&8V0HI1NJD9!^M06^FV-K(TEM9V\
C




MP!W'6NBH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ I#G!VXSVS2TA. 3@G'84 47T

M//XD?4-D$TWE'9#'O8NF1SV(]C2W-Z\ @S&H







M[6:ZDBCFE1R!APS8X_,XIMUJ0M[KRFB-%



M0Y8KG=^HP/\ Z] $EA:O:+
-B*ORB-$8GY0H ZTYXKF)99X5BENGP-KL57 Z


4;/@]\#-56O+I@4B
MCC\QI

M'(ZFKEO=&6SCG:
DO_#'\V*C2^=KN2
0R%$4=$.X$^O;&* $_L]Q#;PK

MLFD2^1Y#W&Q621':
#D
4-'(LQRX.08Q


*QN[!0Q( P


N@8X]Q0!)5'2(FM+46+1LHMALC;LZ?P\^N.#

LA;'RR
HP

MYB#

MBJ#(K*2
\  Y(%0R64XG^VQ/']KV[

/DV9SM]??/KV[4Y;YRUW(J6$[!L

5);ZCYD33
]OY3




?XTZ)G:
&1-C=U!SC\: $FD\J)GV.Y'14&2
M:HVFG21::L+.$E:1II



M+[MQ8*#QGZCG\:U Z#)#+[\T2
B1
TA41@$L3T [YH QKN$A4%OYLMNC9N
?



;7#

BS.V]$
MCO.RO*X4M%@'(&#T'H:-2 EW
TH55/$K-A4]]W 'T'/J16PKHY8*P;:=K8/0
M^E(7C




M(4GDX[_RH J+$;FRNK5RZ
P:


@&%$LK1$:0LL8QN(Y/X#O69?+&MI.)\)=7K;8U/WN<


MR]-MY8X].DCWR(;0YWMPA(CX!_ \5N4Q)(W9T1U+1G# 'E3C//X4 9%S:R?V


L8+380
=N
 =


/PH





M'!*


MED D@9N6F


:1Z2@F#[RH
N

^GS
M$].U6XX8HF8QQHA;[Q50
_6@##CBD!N[ME97!*A29&VJO0;@WU/XU=FC1=&W



M#O2:V\RWM@(7F;]XS

*9Y&/F-\@.._?=^.#Z5/J2#[
M59

]BDMRLLN-J$L
MJ*


M 0:3










^%V!2 .#G]#Z5KK#(UOLGD6209PX3;Z

)9
$;]FW/ID51DT
M@-96ELK1KY#1


MU5Y5U*W6-[AEN[+&%RO&!MR.2?FX]JD@6.748H5 W6A9Y#W!.0F?J3^%79

ME#';'EE7!QDYYR?Y'TJN)3-=1

M.[ Q45Q9F:Z@E$@5(Y/


M* 


M[


KQT
M&

MVEPQL[F1$


5(]G*\%PCSAFF(.=N O ' S[4 59;V1&QO8
MJ;@0_?4-RV



DFT\J6


M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!F_;)9&CD!ACC&XE6FP6YQS\O3@U8M[EY7E
M1D5=@4@J^X

M=1CIW'X:$4ZFTB8W
6YU!WY&&]2.E4;R)RV+6*86Q/[[RB5/7)V#(SGG)]^.





-

OO+6-M6BFGC

#U]3^AJL^I2QW)5F78LI! 3D

AW+DG:?Q).??'89;)9R?:'N(@Q7S!MX&02
M3EL=PPX] : );.\GV6JSK&YF=D+K)G:P#$C&.VTBEO+V6W\]DQ(L2
[8'W2









MER?:K5M:W$





J

M+Z)GG+A$MF=2#ZLJD?K4FHQR/=R
EO-*#:E04(&#GW(H D2^E&^Y9'-NS1QQ
MJ


MGL

X] 1[Y^E+8O/&YM+B-SY8^2?JKKV
MSZ-Z_G0 Z*YN&8;[3F




MSSV(ZU:H JRSO]K6-&58HP6F8]L_=7Z]_P !ZTMG.9(RDA_?Q?+(.ASZ_0]1


HVH9#CG@=?_P!52Q3Q3$B.16(







#\?3 !HJP90RG((R#3
1U/R'T_2@#;EF2&&25VPD:EF/7 '6F37=O  9950GH#U/T'4


MW#Y21]I[CP3@9QG\Z@NO
:*$NB


MLTSK&X($B%
CG)QC)9B?0]JTK4LUW=2-M'W5(#9Q@'K^8H N44R.6.9=T;JZ
M]
@YI] !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 5DM?++[97&]RY&%[_A2VUJ

M3CCVZ=*FHH J?8(_
\S?)N\SS
Y'WMNW/3TXJ98%$+Q.6D5\[MYSD'J/I4M%


Q
M64%LC)4CO]:+FU$\L$F]D:%BPQ[J1_6K%% %9[&)H8HUW1^4VY&0_

M^N:?+;12S0S.I
D))0@D8R

!3C'\J8]HLA4O+(Q4$ Y'?KVJS10!#%;B(KMDD(5=H4GC'TI8


M7** *DE@CV#68ED1&!!8$9(.
MI\7E(DSRS;&9LNV





UWV1ACN
M)Y(/FD!973=V QCY3WZ^O6HFUZ.XT*[O&LXYXXHR9(%E5B!SE7! VD#J.?;-


M4



8J


I)5G2
#&1R
MGU&!T]*MV^NFYU$6\5E

C$C)8@8Q@Y&#[9H U**Q$UV9

TD43K-\N%!
M()R


M?.#]WJ

2F5560CYE5MP!]C@9_(4 /HK(76BSQ2_9Q]BEG-NLWF
M?


S
!C&W[H^4?SYP#0!NT5

PEB7




MR5QWQQ@GWQ5*77V?3KZ6XTF9HHHM^UD8)(ASD'S%7D#J!G@\9H Z&BL:XUN:

KDDY56Y&/1O7V]

L%TVU-ND\

PEE\EI?.^SY7RQ)G.[IGKSC.
]J9;Z_:W=LDMHDEQ([L@AB*%

;;67EN#G'7CGK0!'%X?2+[



\
M5K;R7$[A(HE+
Q[ 4 9T6A11V*6OVNY94G
ZNVS(8DDC&W!&23R#U]AA\.B0



MS0!HZ;8IIMA%9QRR21Q#:K28SCL. *@N-'@GGFD

M@C-

A@Q!QV/&3G'M3)M2^V65Q]F2ZB0PN\5TH7

M!UD5D(R&5@P//N*K:5J(N5BMWBG606Z2AY 



MJXEL(+ADF8.B2(Z$[E!S@9)!&#U7%

MG/.
]LT 2Q^'HT2W0WUVZP3/
H;R^6;.X'Y.GS-_WT?;#VT&)M
DT[[;=BU9
M/+5-RG8G]T$KG';G)JS::BEV+9HH)=EQ%YH8E2$'8'!ZG/;-2WER;:-66WFN

[!]WHPPHYY)].3QTQIQKL0



X]ZSAK
;

*





\$Q
Q/3'7Z4B::D5[+<PSSQB9@\

([BQN()/LYGRYCVL!C.
.?7\.
XK2AD
L*2-


MV



MS5^0=


/[R$$ ]F4 @ CCKD\



MF_

M&)/3C.:4:E8D2$7ML1$





G\: (='LEM4G=0X6:0LBN



)_+^TH-H
M9V2 8$G7DX_E[TZZTJ69].
=RBK9MN8/$6


M&-?LZRR+T(R.HYZ=L58M[N&Y
H(/3M]: *,6C2#2Y-,EO
M]IY?E1;8]LB+C RV2#CC' Z=ZJWFEWB)<WD]U]JEDM!;-'%;###<?F*DDGA
MCD ^OL*V([^SF21XKN!TB.)&60$(??TJ2&Y@G9UAFCD:


3



MW&592#^(H SGLH9M3M?)25%LUV/EJ


H92


%#$$\#GDCO]*L=* 
U-



DN-VQ9 3CUQZ4U=0L

?Q_+I5<VER=76\%Q


MC3YK.&[%Y L
V C/(%R?[O)Z^W6@MJ^C/J;OFY58VCA'BWA&!R&'(Y]?IP
M12P:3


D]

+




6 =_'3G




BJ5#*S$

/4$4 8U[:ZE<^4


I8D8#'^]^E6-7MYY9=/EMXO-











D\VGWL

M9&&&
@^M.K/O;Q_M!LX+5+I_+#RH\FWY&)7C(()X/!QTZT 86EV
]]I6G110

M
6V(-V[+N5P0F%+#/<D@?3W]7

JA)-HW*K;@#CD \9JM?7_V


S&$./










=OI4M% '
M(6MB+6&&.?2V:R6XG^T1K;[MQ+GRVV@990OH#C(].-[0X9H-/V3[@/-D
2OU
M6

M+J$D


M

E3C(]N*



9(# '

YYR?3O4
44:2K.+.\\Y=2+*
M[P2LRH1@X)!POTXKHYKV.&]M[5ED



MW$%N+2$V%A*MC]H#75O]G9=Z[2.(R.1G:2 .??FJ;6A2YL_]'NOL9OF:*)8I




@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** H;IQ%:32,7HC
3&
L !V'K4U% '$M?R
M#41;WMPD2QV\T3X
S8+$



M=/4
,@D_=/MQCTK
MHZ* ,+5)4;Q)I]D][)''-#(7A2;RR2,;3\N&Y^;O_#]:J:;+=3W\DLNJK'/&
M\JR6C1N6Y.TX+D8Z$
%&?6NHJ.:)9H9(F+!74J2K$$ ^A'2@#D=.N8I8II_
M[5D1X[
ER=0$F9.[JNX@#ZJ



;.=V







8)/RGMZ9KL:*
M.6O/.&K?94U4V2QHK6OF^9(91U;!\P!SGC!#'&
M=310!REK<&YELUCO+J1KFTF:X'FN)





*#]Z

HS@X/4]CQ4UM=6]W'YEM/%/'TW1N&'YB@#(\3

MO SLS@C822V
Y[UU%-+ 


MA(/S=
G(/J15N@#D;F\EB:SUUQ:+:FX)


D8!?ZXZ]




X^V

4ZQF..=8EWQC!'RDCW/% &



MH%&?H* *6IW

M[2C/%&NYS$X4


JTU&[NS:V;W31-(]


5







5P\\L1.R%@J




U4



#.3VJJ-+LED5X[6&)ED\W

31KVXDU

MB#;VL
1 (!CC\$Y/3WJQ0!B7]M%:7&D11#F_=^3W9)6/ZFJ.KW2V6MW%WI
MX0RPV
UMZ'&#SV/''IUK233[)(&@2SMUB<DM&(EMGKD8IKZ;9D(4M8$DB


QO)&KLA_A)&2*:^GV3KKVENRP8\H&-2(\=-O''X59H **** BBB@ HH





^B)/\ :LWMVHN=FX I\NWIC*D_GF@!9]5D


M0



KYWXZDC QSD=^E5+BP6*.[2.*


MF%5C4(2

MH JR:TZN'CM@]J;E;;S/

_V7S+-%\Z[DM'VS$[&

MNQ4




,19_ND#/?@$G':F_
MV+0Q



M.#C/X$D4EWI_VF[AN1=W$+PHRJ(]F/FZGYE//3\J *NG:TU[+9AK7RH[R!IH
MF\S)&W;D$8X^\

:22\$3S
DBVSR@L/+8CY8SD\@&IK/0HK-[
M%DN[IA91M'&K;




M= WMTHN94E8+Y?RE


MW@RNQF/4]
C/4@$#KQS3K#34T]?+BN)V@7B.%V!6

MTMUN)8HQ+*&DV84D@8X.2=IXX^M0V6M/J%Z(;6U'D^5'/YLDFW*/GD  \C!&

MP2)-
QAA$/S
/G4=

[N(7CB:-5C




MQC/RXR
#''US0!6MM9ED%G;V&F(!+8BYC5I0B*/E&P8!Z;O0=OPB74K?[:NK


ZI=6\VJ^=9QSV=K K[%D^9@0<Y!&.F<\]N

'[1;K;/_J_N#_@'4Y;_OH^V%?P_#-*\D]W=2EXDBPQ
M08V'*L-J@@@Y/XT 0CQR6JRW-H;5C/Y1:X+QQXQG=N9 <=N5'/'O6PLC-;B

M+C'!]: 

=

2F5560CYE5M





M+ KC.0?E)Y'Z\5-I-E+IMG)'/.LY
KR[DB*8W$L1C)SR367X?LIY[.%KAY(H


MV


MZ5-?6$D]U!=VTZPW
VUVN(KE/+A60.C1$L[2-
MN8[MW'(&!C_ZP!=OKJ&V-NLPE/FS*B^6#PQ/&2.@^O7WJO'K<$DRQK;W.TSF
MW,C)M57 [Y.<'U -3:G9S7B0&=(3%


5S$[












MS41HG/D?*Z$YZ;N3@Y[]*N6.G/9:*FGK=2
R1&-9MH#+QP0.G']* 
_4=5

R203)/$5'DML#-NSM(.[;@



M50O)8DX 'N216';:IY5SJ1OOM8C^UPQQQG[T195(!*G &3US@^^:U]2LC?6@
MB69H9$=9(Y 

87&!NSR5'?I



MNQA-0

0BF#1;DD




M1FW_ +Y)P


8S0!-+JT=Q9QBWCN?




L9VELXP&(P3GL

M
P3A&*ACT!8# )R
 GG-9::7J2Z'/:%+3SY+DS#]\VW:9-_79G/;I[^U7;:V


MI%W1MN&20

TFCN;$)#86-K*&W!;:5HMK=-P=5!Z?[/M0!H3:K9P

5#'



6((/W.!\H_/VYU=%M9[+2+6UN?+\V,
M1DQL64XXSD@4 5[K4Y8]96P62W@S&'3SP?WY).54Y&,8'KUZ58FU.SBC-ZQ
MCD*!I J
P3W8@':

M62&TU'%O'!)]L7)&W/SJ

XS@T &H7\]K?VL



MI+9;A&F:-\%



65$4

M6*.&Q^.

M/
+K\ZYRIR/E/!ZXZ&JMQ9O?7D%_9.L9RH:59&5B@/*LF
-W&#C%0G2+\31+



?E'!W'GVZ<\ &W%(LL2R*&L
@
I4_B#R/QK(L]7\NZO8=0G'
MR7GDQ
L1JJE02

LSN2=


YD!:


C/










X).



'EAM;/3T\C4_MBQJCI*D_EH<<GYA

?*?()/WU].H XXZ4RQMVB_LI9


MC.T[DZ_7L: .NAECGCWQ
'7)&1Z@X/ZBI*XS^S=MG:0M:3P68EF%RL-HKDMN
7 NX)I)73=)M5QT50


MVI&%7 #*
( 005) /OF@#4TN^_M&S\\PM?,=C


 'U%=!

M

YQD]NE2#.!GK7)Z


H(#*5(^H/(H




'!R& (

MV7/MD$&I8@B1K&C%@@VY+%CQZD\D_6N5L;J1VCC34)I]0COWB
;R\M)&)0

A'.,<U<KD(YXX9==DL;AI)1=IOSLY6+!VY/(^89

M60MQ[LQ)/XFL#1K9IM%T[4+B^66&SM



4 =/52
MYOXK:]M+5UD

MZKZ=?1:C9K=0K(J



(1QAMH[LQ8GW)/)/
MUKEKB:8RZGJ5AOAM9G@C
WEM\P!P\@ (.

H/&RZ<DR

MUBXC&J74

W(#EEP#D9X]:YF]:.:TO1;7<L^F*D
BR_:&;:^\[QOSD

1S3W.MREM62




YO8[U1



M9P1Z]#D]!^=:,'16'1AFN0U'4+5_PW\W
6]]
C&X!)Q(,?FR_]]#UKJ[.
M1);.&2)U=&0$,IR


M?EW'OCUH Z2BLS3IKA=1N[*:9KF.)(W29E4'YLY4[0!Q@'IT-
\0+(T%J([F





M -7:Y_0_M

MEPT(1

MM '2(P=0PR ?4$'\C3JY:&:[OKK2'DU&6%IK:5F
2H 6#(!@
I'.[_/.;VE7

ZQQH
LSG  ]2:ABN


S* @$C*R@9X[Y[?A
MBH6U'6_[!GU
7=J(WM?.C(82%6X/RC8N!U');!]: .NHKG;Z;5O[0&G6-TOF

#.


M'&: -RJUUJ%E9
JW=Y;VY8942RJF?IDU3\-[SHT+2W
EP[98E]N5SVX ^O//

B21L

MK.VNM-O84ENEC6]DFDDBB \M#M!&TD9XQGT)).*AT[4+R_N-/B74@8IH)&=X
MD0L61P.3@CD

M34=0N$MM+F2)O)



WBM[@0V-QJ$T<.$!/E[




M*6XEN$:XC11S&Y 4!@01ZYX!^M):W^HW=Y:VS7(B607*-(D8W,8WAQG(YS





M[2)+JXFNWN;LN(;AXEC5%5
#&.Q.?QH L6.G+97%U
MQ-*;F3S&63;A3C'&

M;J[@^U)-Y5EYT9F55^;)Y8C QQV XH TKV\M]/M7N;N58H4&68_YYJQ7'W\E


M-)$Z)(T3




5Q$T4\22QMPR.H8'\#4!TO3RR
;&V+1IL0^2N
M57GY1QP.3Q[U0@UV22..:2R


MSN2AN+278I5=\8;:






M.W4G=DB-1G=][MWP

M[6[OFN(4-I D6S8S

@C
MT(JK'H^F1%3'IUHA4DJ5@48)ZXXJA/KDAT[49[:. R6B.VPS?
NW^\N
@]3C

@




5^A/2LI-?FF^RI#9(\EQ-)

M!N3VT%R$%Q!'+L8.F] VUAT(ST-1C3K)9TG%G;B:





0A7:3ZXQC-*^G6
DB226=N[HNQ6:)257G@'' Y/'O


=$C4*!^ IMQ:6UT4-S;Q3&
[D\Q

M&R1Q&!H$E
B2EL





)D.7\M NX^I




M3B!]VR?RY

45PKD*200W P1C)'


M96^7)R
]

XYZ$G':FZ].]M;P2B_


M%ELFM9KVZE0E2C
=1.@2X16&V< 8^;(ZXXR


$\?7%8^IW$\&LB(ZA?1020&0);VRR[6! [1L

M.A%


MJ#

7B6Q@$J7%O*J#)QAOO9([8(//8CFKVL


D
M2W
2 G:1#O1

Y4C.X=.N


M-*FEW4D$S0RQQLZNH4D$#/0@CM6?IEV6*RRZA?.JPF207-L(DQ@9(/EJ3C/8

M+?2744\\1E(

4\C/']:7^W;=9'C\JY(BN%MI)#&%N< 'G!()(Y [



8YZTL'B2TNO)6

\GIP.M702\8)#1LPZ'&5
M_F
URMEJUSOMU74VO;IKMX9;

M1[L@@$G/R'&


T
DB.8QYBE
$C




M F1!C+  GU'!P1WJQ::E'=7


XYZ$G':EAL%L0;@&XO9D39&&*;E7CY5^Z.PY//'6C

M9QCWH ETNS6RMF0+M
A!':LBPU9_M:&^?5+?[
TLQ1%
M9HF&





M

?/
MVG_EG][T^[TJ[COX]3M(1JURJ7+R9QQ84 $@#*$^@YS4/V^;2]3OOMDUS=



0R_*6QC*D[C

2

MPTM[=.;B!8'SL']









C(R

M9W$OEW:FVED:4Q&+YE9CEL-GH3DX()YZTS0+NXO=

M\/6F:-JT=Q;01W

M8R1LN1G *Y'S ]B
YITNKV4




FXJP9?XA@9'/\
M2J4^AWDOVK%_ OVBZCN?^/8G:4Q@??Y^ZOZ^O$E]JPFTFZGTV8I+!C=YL#*1

M2(\A&V[2,_,
F/QJK_PCV(;M$N(XC/)'(@CA
9:E3.AW8487(.P'U-78M3
MM)[IK:&4RR(VU]B


M[:\;(2/4;@


MFV%NEXOGV)S%+Y1VL

M5X^O//%(^&IGT^*TEOTD2*W$*[H#A2IX8#=UZ9Z].
4[^VU^W:C]HO#;V4=O
M&Z.T)C:

MY.3[C'TI(M2LW-Q(+HE854R(RX\O(R
C&03Z'GV%4;;6T%_=BYF;[/YD

MNZE2X/##&1DXY.!TH OZAIZWK02K(8;FW??#*!G:2



MN!/)&W . 



'(!XP:






M=\CBK:.LB*ZG*L



3Z)=R?:XU



=^M;U% %#1[6


M.

K\G)Y]JWP7W
[CU*\GG2%8I@FW9(68$#!RHJY#+'/'OB8.N2
CU!P?
MU%24 8T^FW0U)KNT\N/?N
@$S!9OEPH9
$9Z?


MMM_F




]^WOQ7&BSIHUW:Q6.F0
M7

M/F.






]R

MR!^.!3J .7T^-M5^UPQ2VS6JZB97=)
O\KA@
VBV/S0











Y; ]
DDU-0!R
M.K:9!;3ZBUKIC*)-/V[6UN1MDR_3:,@G*9]1UX!PEQ#/YETNG6]U$9;. L1
MREV#DN
L








#@\\\9SUZ4U+.1$


CQL5

M
:..XL5


ME=VPF



M73YX8V%Q'

XZ ]JBTR
0G3O-M+U-VFO'=

6^7 )


VD5HQ*:?.D@U
.6AMVPR





*G
X$4CA6Q&
_


MMW_QK5HH **** 
N2
OKBK
P:
V[E4QPN&7GZ^M.L((6N;IP-WE3XC.XG:/+

7901DD9Y.!P 
@ 5;%NQM+M



M





M.

C\_./][- $%A?W=]J$R8@BMXEC<#:S.RNI/7(GIV-4=7L8Y_$


MY
$#&3D\=
FEN-2U2



9G
MDP%_NCYOE'L

D$X)P.IY


MT'P6PXY&W/3YO4_XSZ9HBIIEE#J$4;3VL1AW12MAE[@],@X'!!%68M$T^6
M*2& QF&
Q(JR

MCIP.2WMBKT\*3PO%)NV.

G/7/&K#H.GP-T23J8
M$

M9I8I71_-B4*KK*R
ML1Z$@Y8>QS0!3_M.X_M-[239;%N(!+$QW_+G(
MR)

XIUK96]G:BVM
MD

M0ZI?R0V3[;9GGCEW+M91O7.

MZ#II()MR2K

Y!(7.


: 'Z7<R7FG0SS!1(P^;;TR#@X]N*MU7LK.PMQ;VRLL2DD!G9
M\9]V)-6* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB


MTZ@ HIJ.KC*
&&2


MC=MSSCUH =112 @D@'IUH 6BFAU+
H8%EZ@'D4BR(SLBNI9
;@#R
^M #Z*;
M&Z2H'C8


#).!09$$HB+KYA4L%SR0._ZB@!]%)2)


MST^M*K*ZAE(92



6IWQ M]OE.3;
V1YS=^]:VF1J7OMJF
-

$1F/_EFO0'\:N7$/G,
M;L;'5^G7!J4YP=N,]LT 94]LTFJ1*LDCB
R$
P^5FX4@XXX#C\:GM75[#[2
M'GQ

;G.SREPJ9[D?F::UA

/IU_&IO)N)+94GD@:
M;/


M;DP9EV6QC8*K8QC;W!Y(.:O:N9U-FJ2.TC2+N6


Q\Z.X9+O\ YZXR
?W=

M/P-7]0PTL2#:
MRXQE

M-%Y85B@7@EAQTS@97)]ZT%LA%+$UM(T*)\K1#E&&...Q]Q^.:62U;[0)(7$8
M*%3QD\G)(]Z *FGE+B^

3&US,P5C&K!6E& 7=L<Y) QC !_\ K9TXK&*

M 5^4 +A1S_\ 6IL@$]P[7#P[X_E11+CRC@'/3[W3G_)NVD




MTB*Q

Y#J?

MXY))!SG/M0!3UW*:%+GRYF
3*H=

S6][P\9CM&(4 IM(SZ







MX)W$$DG/M5FWMY8;=U,JF5V9]X3 R3GIG^M &):%UMK0[AY=MR&;G#; 
8


CI5#7!G2W&
_O(^





ME0
=/I5B-

I86MT8@
M@GY(=C\@V


M!9E4;3U*
F








5VN0.?PSZU ;R87D=M]G5G;YGVR9V

?F
4ZTN+6VC(

M3\AV% %V63RP#L=\_P!T9JG#J#R75PGD2&.(JH(0A@V

MT\]E91N90A!.0
 \\XK/N41(1#(4%[=3JVW^+!89QZX7C(]* +TUZ8U@;R



MFYR2 4SG!Z\@[2/\\








MX]NT8!2

M0@KNZ

$U#+?M$^UHP3E 
$D-N8*


I/E#=][C
V2890 *0^=N
'G&:6/4
8WDD<?[&PK_
M #9: -*H;R8VUG/.%W&*-GQZX&:99RSS+,;B)8]LK*FUL[E'0]*35%+Z9<QJ
M,M)&R*/4D8'ZF@NFHS23F*.*-CYOEYWG&/+#$]/4@?C3XM21]-6Y; ?9ET0
M%]C8S@X''XU0) DO)(A)-
LXVJI*LX\M01QV!_45:5$GT0P13F52I65R3GU;


M4'@9K&*.U\R12H\\#D+&0NY%]SC./KZBK.H+%J=E#]FD!5F90 /560\=L;L_
MA0 Z#49YIT40@JOF0(

/7OC/.*UQTYH 6BBB

Q*)MC!


M[



M

VV/\ VC@GC\ 3^%)+=6\+;99XHVQG



6/





V
MY/7^[Q4
MHDFIHD0 2*(EP22

]..O-
M5]/5&L_MP@22C!\LX)&3CDGTJM.4&IQ*T4FT)F3]YW+ 1Y.?7=CWH UF*[2
M6QMQDYJ W]H1]IBR!G&X9I84D6-@JF

MKA?-CY&2N[&.A(/X9K%G\W[=(@9D EWGC@#(^;'X'\J2U
'G:?'$B;Q
6W*N

8DE5I NXJ#SCIFLW5RYANW(; @9

X!QSUX(




@#0$J-,T(;]XH#%?8YP?T-0QI*\JJ/



PD3R\9+@C

\+;
M=I9




M


MN[F25(@JAG1W!(X.TJ!@YY!W#FB\N)[:VMH-V^ZN6





+!;)L@C!)QGJQ)ZGM^?KQ9N(%N(PC$@!U?C

_6H1J
LXA
.*:2%V.3*FV?7D$'\JKW5[-%#!(4$1?)92-Y
MSZBH;6]N9[F-=T;81P5SL#L&[<'H,?\ ?5 &C% L%JD$)*+&H13U( H6VB$;
MHR[Q)]\MR6^M0\


B$J
6



MH[ANLJD9([ @C&/P]?4T&XN]Q46J#]Z4#;V/R]FQM'XC./0FI+*Z^TK(K@+-

;*SLS+)()AZ9  _'[HI$L(X_//(L<P(,8/
MRJ3U(';/Y56.H2221/H

O



2#GM@55@N[GSH6FP89?
P$B)(^8;
XSU7)Z47-_




MO


M$=L D_\ LQI9HA
NQR=A^\H_B]C[53L;F?9:Q3%)3(AS





9P-I]\  ?B:NVADBEDMG1MB'=
M')CY2I/3ZCI]




^S;NSL[8S5E&#HK
M#HPR* 
'4&*0<Y(QR0.M;%% &-Y1@TQI'MY_-_?JJ(-QP[DC('7M4EY X@C7RW





UK


&3DY
M ]3@DC./UK6HH 2L_3 9+N_NEQY4TJB




-HSAE*@#
M*L






3@

-*B+\B$%2#CN

D#AT#

C 'N*GKG+@7



)BKR%ANW!MF3T7C;]

CW'%620



D

M.P!T
;B2-9%# 



V8








MEQWTQ6W0KF0.XQ&1PP)]B/PI+^VFO&@A*K]FW;IBL[1N.FW:/7!ZCI6/=6
M



MM!+%



M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *



D'V00'D2*8]FYNA)'?Z]






URT]K(VG:F(M.N(8[FSCV1002K^\!8$'(!8]
DCD=

4
M

 '!'(]* -RBN4%F
M\C:Z]M;3BZ\W


YC.V2
[OX^C*00 N3CC@8H V;:^EN;MEBMU:U5WC
MWF?
'4X(*XZ9R
&&
M\$5DUL[7,C?-;-%N0NQ3J!D =NWM2Z8SZ1+=6MS!<,);EYHIHH6D5PYSR5!V
MD$XYQTH NPZH)M4CM%MW20-





M*0OE?FW)R._3 /W1]* .CHK/T^\-_I*S7$%Q YCQ-&T;HRMCD#@$^Q%8&GVT


5LWE2RV\A


M9!U4.RJWLP!PP]CD5RQU!VL=B7QCF^UE-09I7D6#ANF'!5
@ $$8[]Q4T;XU



M+  Y'MR*M5QIUVM[B\N$OQ&RZM$I7S\#85C5MPSSP&Z]-I]#5W2)+FXU1I)
MM359DED66R*-NVY(7@O@#&&C/K0!M7VHV^G^7]I,H\QMJ^7\F3Z?*#@_S






M.] '15%=3I:VTD\@8I&I8A%+' ] *Y33;Q;N_P!
MI=0N=LEO+NB:9HV+*XV


U)7*6U[;P*4&HS



M21/
O'(*%






-X(!Y^7/7TH U*CE
M(7
7F888'''/7GTKG;0L+RYMKBZN8HXR;U9&G?Y(F7 !+$C@@G!XXZ56L[U5

#]1^=/KCKBVM!



M-
A
=PJ2&1EW@.NPD=

M2+:.DP:Y$^S
@?@
X(P=IR!P#4EV]Q)J@M_[8^R[(D:V:5&)GX^8@*RJYR.0




]*1)$D!
;JP!P2ISSZ5ST4MY_8VDS6LT44U[(
MCS





M!SD $;\]/;W(!OT5S8U34;=)%)2ZFGO'@A5(L;-H8\[G (PO3(^IJ:'4=8DO










J[F8C'

C5](NI)%DC896W

M+@G P?E''7GZ4B:GJ

QZMM)&?QQF



M)+2U2=6RP#YR#D=N5.!GTYJ:;5+RW;4(WCBDDMEBD4JI 57)!SSSMVD\8R.P



55IBA5QDE@1U'0=ZP-*U4Z;I$-O#



MP!P




L*3J1)
MNRK$CG@8.5/K]:CO;^YM]9M+9(XC;R1222
SD

]E
M!$9+A\RF61@



4)I-HEW#=!9?.A4HC&=S







M+@\%1M/RG'W


:1
(X=NQ/
;'R]
C/S8]\T^WTVTM9WE@C*
[%RH=MNX]2
M%S@$^H%9IUEY;=;B*Q59FT[[6CR.

=_;6\2R6[2
MK

M MVVC


#DC/%1_
MV)8X^Y-_KO/_ ./F3[_K]ZJ7_0SRM)C9 RWD?FPQ(TDGRX4DMMC)'W@.A_


UDZW-=R:6[7
M-IY)CGMVC



M
\Y8'VH U9(UEC*2#*GJ*QM0T1I9[/[*B^5'.9IFDN9!(V5*\-@G(!XY'0#Z
M6?$%Y-9:;NMVV2RRIKXSLW,!NQ[9JMJMH_V:YMY[B3S+B.*5)IFD#ACC(!
M/RD$YXP.

MAS_WUP
0MM(YR/?KDDU73679H93:?Z)<2



M56S@ JK#/!ZX'O0!O4M-C;?&K@
-P!PPP1]13J BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH CGB




99C'#$\



MJ8UP22V0AM)FBN-^]B4'E[#A@?F['KC/3C-0IXMTQXYW5G80Q^;\FURR9 )P
MI)&

%2 
+Z]

0

 -G.#C/0]
XJ:RM#:

1\R'N

M!;P;%2XN3$EN;81
X8;#[D9_7C&.G%+-IXE%I9O'-)';



)+*[B<P!GF5Q&($='
M9F() !5BO0'OV.: 'QZ%D:H;JY8K<M=*Q*@AFSN'C@[C[\\$5)%I01S10
MW=TD
FXK&&4B(G.=N5SW/!R/:H] EEECO3
\SE;MU E(W*
#CCCCVJ'6;B5M

&XW9([\8!Y% $ZZ'$EI9PQW5RDEDNV&=2N\+

1V[ !DC'RYZD]^]0


MQ&

M0HI)II6N[DM-
DQ^Y@





M1C@=^PYH 70]+F2^6YB
=S+*EN[QE

M:M'*UL2#$VUU+*V#C(Y4D'\#0!'#HL

U26WBN96FE=
M$B(PY92=W#$;0


MH **** BBB@#.\0AFT_1$DD=X'15C0NQ)& 







M/+A



UW

@VE?7/I4=[?PVUGYRSVX:0?N?
EK(V. #WS[4 4Y-'N)1?A[U#]J
M*,I\GEF



MMH=Y ;

NZ&13UP!D'W[

25AV[ED.2



MJ7
Z$+2PB&0&/=\H)(*\C!^8]<CVIEMI#V-RS6%R(K=U17B:/<?E4*IR
M
'  Y!'%:
LT4*AI94C4\ LP -1)J%E)Y6R\MV\[/E8E4[\==O/./:@!]TP2

GT..N/?% &5+H%W-


MW.
X]


M:S2:$WIB:2.)WVYQT![\_3L: ':;8/9&Y
EP9C/*93\@4*3V'Y=S4=Y874VJ

/[HQQZ]:?I&HQW]A;R-+;AH(Y98T;ER@]
Y ^


MYB.HH?1)C/!.MW&)5N?M
Q


MPU_ WDWCW9Q;$;BV[(^_P/G;]/3G8N$DDMY$B=4=E(#
NX#\
C/YU6DU?3XW
A)/6@RL9K;1H[!K




V

M
#Z5H1Z1(C6\HNLS1S/-*_E\2%@00!GCMCKT[U8U'4([2R:598/
985DDB

0H::+S9.#@#:.GIR1^&: *$.AW

:



NTT:[M/L\D5_'YT2M&Y
M-N=DB%MV

MWFOH/+FMOL$EN\IG


M:M!%%$)9[ARD:LVU<A2QR<''GL:
ML0.\D$;RQ&*1E!:





MUU&:]AD:Q2


M6V6EW-KK%C
;

?-QWKIJ* 



J3Q6^W8\:-&T;

MM:PPL_+&.





J#$P@G Z*,\@$BNLJ

MDGK5:QL;ZUAMI%TUE6VNYI!:[HP=CD[2N&V@J#C!([UU%% '-P:;-!J%I.=.


]
MNE=710!S%UIEZEK?VD-GYRW C
V*FDM;YKFVN((98I&$
M:RHS1O&54Y^89R





9*C*-C*\=#@D?


M%E)R



MER+5MIEP


=P4J





*A
#:X^7;_L
M'ODBN@HH CAE6:)9$#A6&0'0H?Q! (J2BB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **9)+'%
LB(&8*NY@



D C/./K0!9HJ%+B*2W6=6C89!
M /(]:8U] JEB6P%W\*?N^M %FBJ\ETD=LDQ1\.5IMPV6( &#]:([N.2ZEMU

C/U% %BBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@



9Q].* *:VC+HRPO$



 @AWQQ YVJY_+/4#Z4YK:
M!K9K=HD


M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%)0 M%



MK_

;9
ME9BH S\HY.3W-=)/EQ\4F[8XP=KE3CZC!%4K;1+&U
)B$^V'_5HUS*R+@8
M&%+$=/:@G!J=].MK*IMECOHFDB!C8F+Y&X[OFZC.
?UIEKK%].+%@ENWVK
M3VN-F&7$@V\9R?E^;TSQ5EM*:WU&SDL8(5MXBYD#RMD;NRC!&.^
@5*N@Z8N


?+9=O7GY@=W




=*5=
M$\DB-B8&+(QD8G)ZDDG+?CF@#
\1V\$E_

MG Z9P#6O=:?;W=Q!/


M2M*5251+NW*L[JN6ZD*#@$^H /)]: 
C1[^Z@TZQMB;;:VEK/$7RH3:$'SMD



U '.SB
M[TE+[4[#3([*VYMY&4+(X.=VV



M37\T

;R
RJ
YPH)(7\
=!

[?FQ)H FHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBD[9H 6BDHH 6BBB@ HHHH **2EH *
M*2B@!:*** BDI: BBB@ HI** %HHI* %HHHH **2EH **** BBDH 6BBD
MH 6BD)P,GI2T %%)10 M%(3@9/2EH **3(QG(YI: BBDH 6BDI: BDHH 6
MBDHH 6BDHH 6BBDH 6BBDR/6@!:*** BDI: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** &M]P_-MXZ^E


M4J6+A/.1CAL\[?\ :SP.6/\ NUIP6T\=H]LZQ

MTR.
X #1H@$:DG(.

\PEV
MY4$OAA\O4C/WCD=ZUFMYWC@9A)8E)PN0F\C''M@G\ZK+IURD5JRO%OMHU14




BLI(SP #D@5#)93B?[;$\?VO;LPP^39G.W

#



QX]JV+J!IBO&Y1S

LS(5#/N.!G./SH 9K$\D,=PUG(QF,#,5S
ME4 !^8^AY'UQ3-/61;UH8Q*B)%/EVX ^;J#]

M0ADCCW1QS*5!0CH
$'IV.#[CU/L

 $9^I_DM96,T\#'=Y+#:QZE2,C/Z
MBK)S@XZ]LU%;P$.2VZ21MSMZGI^6 !0!6U&:2*:#:\BIAVDV $D 9[@U5WH
MIE$$T[2O

_R'ZU7%E/&8S M
8&,'U]2:L0WF^_@MXKB5#$[
M



D!AP!S5J)
MR+0JTKKB

S!A:)6.UW!;/H,9 'OC'XT
M9*7*R7Q2&-J


 
'O\ KG%2O:EY
T2A NX\A3CK[_2@#-MI;G[-BQA03R S$



#?;X9EP(XX73'?)*D?\ H)JK
28.HGEN(D=N=JD@ ?D2?J33
M-8G1;N,N'001.Y.U6W#CID^U7KJVEFF@K%Y0=7D8Y#?+R


PZ[&*G*Y]C]?;I67;2RSV$3G+&.3S8X%BVLYR
M?4GU)]CUZ5KZ=9M!9203A3OGF? /!#2




MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ K'?5+@30(%3$US) /W;';M#G/7G[GZ
M^U:SD!&);:


G)(^]C&
?KZ4M@B&&:.W:
M6'YCN1XPOEDDDXX Y)SGD50MEB.FZ=C[22 C/M\S^[R?KGO[T :EQ=R0V
EP

M

0@R!Q4%O?O+YQ
M


@M3%=23M.\I


1@
DQ(8

M7[Y'.Q2037/1#:BK-'F([C-.;8
N6ZA2
\9[]

;<7,:HS.5

B7#* L

MAN'E(VH?O
] &]+)Y8!V.^?[HS5.'4'DNKA/(D,<1500A#!L9(/;H5.1Z^
MU6(PUI; 3W#SL/XV4!F]L*!S6;<HB0B&0H+VZG5MO\6PSCUPO&1Z4 :1N'(
MA81%0[;75R%91SS[\XX]ZHG56QO4KY(C$QD


M7=*N'NRORIYK%V VJIQ@\@Y)V@_0_2KNGI]GFD1HG1I%$F[ V'&!V P?8T 


M#C@T 5DUE.&






M_=SNSGJ?QH WR0!DG%&0#U&:HR1J-
G!MWVL'W1S2DDC'KD]:I7WS212&U#J




M8XPJJ3L/7_(J*X24^8L3(
K.$/F']W\H&.G&* -ZF1NDB!XV5E;D
IR#2H04





Y947**NP@A]S#GU!'(/KG-:$0MXWF:UC5IF

MFW;21E@7^8_EQ[GV%7=+N+B[TJ*XD5'$T2N@+8)4C.&XZ_3K[4 77DBB)+NB

+YD8R

I*^'/F+CXYSD'


\#/85RN&

MP

MI:R)%1]1U!&D

!I)
#+%L@8)XVK@_C




?

4MH]EAV3]PG(Q_='J*C@B:2Y
M
EO
Z0;][L%7]\V


!I&51D %C

M(H W**2EH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!#G!Q@GMFJDMD9+6[0OF6Y0H

M11M=2 1D

;J[NW)?%1Q7$HL

\
M31AB

M

L:*5VQDKD$8QQ43Z8S;]MR5W;\?(#C=4

MDB@*H'*Y_K4



MB;)BL4Q



*#ZGU_SQ2VUN]N\H
[R1
041^2G
MJ


XJK
M#?7

M-M/$L#Q^45EB+L$Q@ $

5;MX;A;
Q7


M

;G8_Q8_D._..V;%Q--);126#1L7=



M
9/N?RH T:J/9J;MKF((DS($


MYTM2(WF)8LV6&2


M1W N(?


\K
M/A(
^8Q!XP

M0_;;;G]^G!QU[XS_ H H7\?VG0+@?9#%)M;]R!_$.,C'7V_FW=G))JUNQ7


MVB-5BEW$?[1Z


!_P' ^N#4^G12!_
M-A!2%I'#(ZE21GY2 ?\ .#]*N\MC*(Q/&7+%0NX9R


VU!@G)Q^GU]QZU-0!AFW



X_(U(


N*E5
MU?.T@X.#CL: ,NPL_(\X1J,B,*N(F1N^!N/! _2J;V=RLFGHL<HD&GS+(5 /
MSGRN3QDD'\JZ*B@E9+)#:;9WE7:BC+[?EXQ@8_K4#6DDTR20;D2)C(-XV[
MW((].!@GDC\*TR0 22 !U)J$WEJ.MS#UQ]\4 0Q9ELY3)'*KY;*2\D$#MVQZ
M8K(N;:63PY.1VY-+
*C:=S
5Y 'XNDJ(SQX%N7 E*%PI[@'!(_
?F* (-

MC



M4;5

AAAR)'&-W9!Z_XJD85M2MX(H72.TC;)9%


1#=(6X_'IT[4 5=[(=3V3BW
3*%DE.54





M-(XHTD0

VD9PS9+[Q)NS@Y_PQQCTH^RC[8+EI'8A2JH
M2-JYQD_H* 
W5MWDW;L& 

0H7O+@[&W#
MA.O_ 'S4L

LF
J1D].I ( _P#K


M+ CC


/.PFP;NR^@]/KUIT=E$(XUE+SF(DHTIW$9X_'CUH P=/


\D35D\MMVT $$X(&?SH QH]TC/&;6WF69SJ-*21M!W
M
2N?XDITFFPROYLC2&X PLP.&0=<#'0?S[YJ
M6:SAGGCFE4LT:E0


_F/2KS:=$S']Y

M$% I3^$X)//Y_I0!CP-
VIVS3NS
S(X# #:LY P.^,#\*TUDF_M*6)I(L+&
MC(3'S\S,,=?]D5/-;:X@E


M\^] %/25E\N8^8H474NX;.OSGWJGJ$9&J^7EPKQC9PYW

EYU5T9&&588(]JK+IZ(H59[D # 'F



MX%MT9%)(9V?G
MU9B3_.@6BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** &MNVG;C=CC/2LZZFN5OK


M;'?&)'99 F^:
J2
C+;0 ?7L.E)]H(NIMD[/((U8P^2W ^;!Z\9P1^%)!;SQ

.F: +


\9&!GK5^:.1H1;Q97*[
M3)_='M[_ .?K7$4C:A;QBW
YVO&?DA5#*<8<Y/3G/YT (UXS+%YCB-A=,A XRH+ 9_ I[6




YQZC _^N*FO;MX;R-561MJ_*H4@2
??&
  D_A4
M1@N?M%R7L4DBGC2


M19 R8
Q




@\Y R.XX'TJ2.


*&=CNX]CFJCVUS:7\LGV*


M1^H^E %B2YCB?:RRD_[
3
/S JAI-^&TNT



N.M+%=VT\TD,-
MQ%)+%]]$<%D^H[5F6=M<0S3V\]F90]P\T=UN4A=W3.3N# ';P.@'([0Z!I36
M9A^TVDZW-O%Y7VA[HR(X[[%+'&< XP* -N::*)I9I$CC499W8 #ZDUGZIK5




M

M@E:._P#M/GM(H5E+$_4$ @=.U=#*[1Q
Z1M*P&0BD M[#) _

W^UPF2Y7=$ X^<=B/7/;UK$TRRN
MXET47&DR2RC:-W+1''RX!!W9QFI+.QOU.G

M./K0!N+?6C^;LNH&\G_68D!V?7TIAU.P$8D-];!&?RPWFK@M_=SGK[5SC:'(
M=!G@;2YGOA:_9P7NO





5O&
M_'KCK7.WEG?R'5&739\]S;R(1)'\RILSR6']P]<=1[U/9:4Z:D[W=I<2L+E

 2.%(/K0!M7L[6MI+
D?FL@R$SC/XU1N]4NX51H;*)]U




8&
9S^M &
-;NHHC/=V
4=NMQ]G
M9HK@NRMOV9P4'&3ZY]JT#?VKEXXKVV\U1D@N#MYQR


L4.8OE7S-P(^; PO'_P!:
M@#HGN[:.X2WDN(EGD^Y&S@


M4;^==7MKV*U-S&L

M&0H0LA!.T]CQS7


QVXP

B2^&].


4K&
E?XEX()(P
H+\^1 Q&TD



MO
R9GB0J!]SS=S'KSR3Z&IM-:.7Q$L[FX1YK)T261LGE]V1G!QQ[9/J: .C
MHK'\2RO#:6LBW,DB\A$A1MN5+@$$^F*QY;OR[FWB34YOL
M^(XB;CF2
QY;






M(V_*N(V!').

8/
M!IU]J%S;1:D[7YC$+0O&65!M#8RO(Z'GW]Z .@# LRC.5ZY! _/O3JYN_P!2



MR@





G./8&L[Q/O31D5F9H?.B%RQX)B

[!PFW!Q&QYR#

$9D8








M '24R22
M.( R.J!FC<<9)Z#ZU1TFZ.H*;Q)I#;LJJD;*H^8#YCP
YSP1Z@U1\0)+?K)
8@)4]5/<'W!XK%



MO)+N0I



MC6-E%;1+=69E

GS7;V$:Q^6LD;N5C)'&%=BW!SGY<^U &O+H^F3.[RZ
M=:2.YW

M5RJ!58


R-%&!&Q6,KO)).[YN%Z<4 :1T_3!,B&TL_-L4'EKN



]*R8XX]2\0


XS



M#FLK^V+T31VQBMS






MZM:6\FN!FT=;]WMCG C!!#  Y8CZ9'(H VQ9VH  MH0 _F ;!PW][Z^]/DAB

2F1&5Y)'^;!&01M '\1SD^E3
MW&H:E(=76%[: 6.=I

4L4:V-DDBDR1J(D!!&
L
M!C_=Y^E6(K2V@FDFAMXHY9?ONB 

%68I




M:#@T = $MYRTBK%(67RV8 '(_ND^G7BFR6-G*\;R6L#M$
1EHP2@]!Z50\-(





SS6=Q;1)%M:&-E




MUM*;1&MH8G65MP4EMP)8=ON\#)^M %QM*TYF5FT^U+*=RDPKD'@9''L/R%22

#M+ @


QL[?=.




M&ZB@GG2/RS+Y0&1Z#.2![9K&TB\O+72]+C/V9HIK$&/=E-C*@(W')^4^H Q[




$!B
MN















M_L6PQ.#$Y\^02/F9R=XZ
.?E/N
=!Z4K:H%NH[8VESYDD3R(
*-VPX*\MUY'

E2F#]?F(Y.* -!]'LG$&4D_T=_
0B9P=

M6A::

MRS/'N
3;T.2



SD;#U!!.#GWST'I2P:39V\/E11

M)6@5WD:;R?*5D)W8W=0VTC'/!/Y\4 :5O;16L AA4A!D\L6))Y))/)/N:J2Z

U*NH(]R(%AF+;59C@?)NZ C.?TQQ5=];
MABED2:UNXML;R*6CSYBH0&V@$GN.H'K0!(=%L6EDE








M



DRQX0J

H9/[K $!A['(HNM'L+N5Y)X-S.@1\.RAU'0

MZ.Z-S


 [

\


&BEQ.ZO(!




6B*%L'/

*.-D2$K@KG

FUFP@5VFN/+5(EE+.C ;


 $X8]?;VJ]8:
]C?B:.Y4


MZ59MM?L)X0[2-&PC5Y5*

MH9E
FUVA+'#= 3NY P.F./3K5S2+)].TRWLY)EF
*! ZILR!TXR:L7%Q';1&

AD2SN8)7

MC#=!7MO




6



M2#?(&W%B!C.1DGC;FKR:SI\DQBCN-[;R51BH?^Z6Q@=?7KQUI8]6M)(I)$

G@E@-RY!Y#'C@BD_X1




SD@G/)R?E'/'TJ;4;1KR&


 G

M.0&QC/!XS572=2

M
H-P#.S*K=43/RK[87'%5M2U4_8_-L)@KQ7

!]X=Q5



\



+9K:U@NC!Y
M

GI5L74*)NE
MN8,%F (8 <=NO4#K0!C:CI6I73:J$6TVWMM'K&5@05W9)&T\?


DJ*)6*J-N&7&T9Y)()Z^U:
FI6


M&IIIHX+=YY'Q(I=F[  9)H P+G0+FY6ZAWQ0V\JAA%O:2-Y ZL4(^4?*00

M&8_
3GCKQT_6M1[RVBFBAEN(DFE^Y&S@
WT'4T 8^G:9J.GBTD1;625+5+





T5Q$LL$B2QMRKHP8'Z$5FOJUP+6:9+)2T432[7EP



E5I-;TVX^S7%_;1RJ@<[Y%4<_4_C0!1NM
U&1-4CB2UVW6P1%IFR H ^

9K5CO+65XTCN87:1/
1

T_3[FUU&67


MEVFA7]A&\#O




MY!YJPVHV*B



M:)5VY]
YQFGS7EK!Y?G7



MC))^8?+P
-G ';'?(T;6VODU5;B:.W6+[

MPI
R8RKR%./K@U!!JA6[EM=0BBM9(XQ+N$VZ
H3C.X@8Y]10 M[:7+ZI:7EO







M?R'KQ9U#5;RVD?R[: PQW
4)D

?<2QX.W<F

M/-Y$@+2-)\\;;L$D# ..P[]/7::^M%A69KJ 1
N\.9!M*^N?3WI[W$*6YN&E


M5)IY+/3YEDE\Y9W3







0.Q!!P:K76G7974+6.S5H;V%4A964+







5WF \<9QC.#G/Z\5<L[


J#@KO9E(YQ@D=:Z&



_4UM66L6-](B02OND3S$$D3Q[U]5W ;A]*O


LNC2V\%L\[NH38C@$#ZL1_C5'4M'C.C3BU


JH951@=JNAR!UQG&#6_55[Z)-1CL2)
M/.DC

MA


#R!C.02




MN@NKRWLUC:YE6
2.(TS_ !


M\

9'!QFA=48:387AN_M(6




^SLQ
9 8


!D= 
]


M;)]F96D?#.I.YL$\@\8)YYZUJRHTD3(LC1
1@.F
K[C((_
4D$2PQA%)/)))

_ZP$

M=F

R_:$63_2
H49.-L8X*G@ACR3T)JDC

ES+(\CB

M

MN26YMBMU
=0^TLEU;
Y(5/F_@Z* 

MHQ[XKG!55P./E4=1NP,#/(JJ)%E^RXGFV0:F4R+F1MJ-&Q4;\@GG&._.._



6/XD\GZFGT44 %%


\9C+LF[ /!XR.



 ;1C'RX/O5V33M
94MI




;[OEX(


MQM1UZ635&@N#VG1AUA*J1


MU96MZBI=VT-PJG($L88 _C0;.U-PUP;:'SV7:9/+&XCTSUQ0!C1W]Z]K- &G





MSD#&3BG_ -E:=Y@D^P6N\9&[R5SSG/..^3^9J6&.UL42%(;=&)1H @)ZG

M@
?F+9'4'';@U4MB/^)?S_ 
QFX_\
M:U=$;S,[3FT@\UF#-)Y8W$CH2?45NCZ6FS9IMFNQMRX@4;3QR..#P/RH 7

$#C



\#G&


MW4L(6BB^UQ07$R1^69#$.1W SG /IFD-EIOVE]UK:^?/&0V8UW2(
 @]R/N_
G16K<C4I&JL[2


D


F6_U6[NQ#8RV\31VT



MLBTS&SMRTXQ*?*7
@_VN.?QH R=0GU&WFM-/@NUDEG
G[]V6-AMVD+]QEW$$
MG[HR!VI&O=1MIK8WD@:

MB'REV ^N

M!0


M(YM0N)U6WBVK+L ))D[*HZ8[?CGC%K5+F2.YLK5)S;BY=E






2*DETRTENEN6B
M(E5=F4=E#+Z


M^?T/3\MF73;6:X2=T;S479O61E++Z-@_
/8YILVDV

MMA#'




8


M)#)(RJ0!C.
'G '89P


9WYY)/S$X)SSZTCZ59/=

SQ;$4DG&

5'


H QM)
VP')Y).-OO5_P#L



 [H_
R59QT

M0KM^5BI ]B.1]:H1Z!IT7E^7'
OEQ-F+F3A#U'WO\X'H* +5A=&\TVVN]H4
MSPK+M)Z9 ./UJAI.I7-S?26]P]M*!LJO;HP7DD$ D_
./O#'T%:-K:06EFE








MXS[GCIR1WH SQJNH1HXD:U9HM1CM'*Q

MF

\#G%21:;:P
M7+3Q(Z
[%F42-L+'J=F=N??&: 



4
<GTZULKHFGHDQPM'Y

MF11I#$D42!(T4*JJ








M)/;WH DHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH





7^4D;DA=2!CMG.?K52YN9
M8QHS-*[^9-B0HI'F#R7/W1[@'%7+6$KIRQA71F0Y61LD

--

MIOG%G&Y61200 26X( ).?P%7Y[;[;);R-$T3(






M]BOYU MJ\5].R0B0NB%7?& ^7R3_ -]=O7%.TZVFT]C:A/
@.7$V[D'T8?R(

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@*XE


MNDLK5IW&0% SC+$@ ?F140O6M[&2YU*);7RB=P5_,!'8@X!.?3&:YW4+.(Z
M;=/3YFM'NH'MX/LK
5 *^80F
J


M5+/@G:
$ %
$_AT-26]LYE@+VEQ'J$5PYN9Q&V)(_FS\_P#$
*2#C@8H
MZFBN2TV'R?[-:&TNH[@I-&\DD$FX9Y4,Q'3.


M+

ML$2F-[(6]NFU% &5W;8SN!R5!!^M '645R7V)WL=2:UMKA;C[7D.T1$K0E

J7-D2@;@8$:JI7GD$#KDT =
)8S
80X\


M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** $J
MM8V%OI\;QVRNJNY=M\K/ECU.6)ZU:HH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****


A@D+IN)&=R8R/Q- %NY

#.WIC\: +(U6V-Q)$)8VV[=NR0$MG/;VQ5
G3OD58TJ0RK.;
MC:EX[9DBSR@QA?PP

9C4*1G[L:%ES@'&QC^1K4LGF?4)@ZJIC@0* V

U$4K2

M^G'UK5O+AH;FSC6:*

M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** FLBN5+*4.5)'0XQG\B



[3ZBGX!QQTI:* BBB@ HHHH **** 




*FAN]3N=6F:&6W6VM[CR9(GEP=OKC9G<<Y'S8/I0!
MOU7N[R&RB$D[, 3@!$9V/T@DU3O[B9M4M[.=K5987D\Y%4DLI4!1N!'0DG
MCM6=]U?W6CW$UU)$Y\T




T-QJ%I%*OWD


MLB[O-A
.UCO4@V0-*\D:K







LS'
9FMT9F<@D94'' ]^_-

M'F*NB8
.\ GM]*20R)&/G96E/0YP1R
M.ON*GU#4YX;B2&[=AYT$<L2QIY:!R

C% '145S=QJ]Y9+?O

%KD0H\$^62(;F:-PH<$Y&"#
MC'KZ\:VCS37NF6-[+*=TMNK.B@;68@'/3/ZXYH T**** BBB@ HHHH ****
O J6B@HNF6QB-;&V*_F!1$N _][&.OO2C3; 




M3[265OO.\*LQ^I(J[10!4EL(#;K'!!;QM$#Y!
0*Q$CJ 
8_ BH-/TB&WL+2
(QNV],9]/:FS
MVRQ*OE):PX

M.L$0F88
@0;B/3/6IJ* (1:VXMC;(0$$&+8-I!ZC'2EM[:TB$5M#'#&#D
M)&H4?D*EHH J_P!FV&PI]BMMC9ROE+@YZ]N]*^GV3VJVKV=NUNOW8C$I0?08
MQ5FB@H^F:?(S
]C;
S($)
2DE1T'3IP./:C^S+#C_0;;@!1^Z7@ Y Z=CTJ
) 5*D=0!P3V/./I6G1
M0!UI;
L:M;Q%8O]6@PG&./3CBHO[+T_PS?9OL-M]GW;O*\E=F?7&
9JW1


M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B

M'



MQRSVY@A

Q*-G:%'..S?D* -1W6-=SL%4=S2UAZG$LUQ*DD4.Y1&S/


MK*RAE8%3W!XKG[J5YK!?-DN


3ZI91);F**(LR
8V&X[2
M

GH


_Y-


M#-
K;7!D8JI]
L3TS@D=P?I0!?\ 

MBGMOMI(9G

M #J:TB(5#

5:5%


MTR6
O:QF:)4%I#C]^5()/(&._ ^6@#IJ*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH 2J-EIGV*VGACO;EC


?+Q_//6IZ* *VGVBV%C#:)+)*D*A%:
#



X)M3;M49///)R3SQVXJ26X$1.8Y
M
5#)G!;;


+^=  +:


LQ;@9]ZK+JC&:?=Y.R%PFU'W
Y(4Y!X_O5:2\4B
MY
BF






M8$8'XC/Y5)J%P]K9R2QQ[W PHR
;CP



U3CL+H1
'NHUD=MS21Q


0



M
6/+\D\ ]ASC@58@MS;JZ1O^[_@4C.SUY[BF17F[[47CVK;MM)!SN^4



M62&)DCG W






;BIR

K
X@\G)Q
M@^_UJ*UTS[.(R+A_
2%(20JX(7VQ[FMB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****



YBEN%GF*BUMP?G;H6/?/H!GGW]J-+)-B
M\J -YDLCH




M/3 !_
@_*M7 ]*

!!'M(Y(QU///J/PU-/N[.6W=X+NUF16.YX

@/?MG%;U 4 D@ $]3ZT 95M*HTVYMY1=HCM
I&/F.3






]N10!:HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BJV
MH7L6G6
MW.'

.A&: %HHI* %HJKI]]%J-J+B .$+
N)%
OM2V-Y%
M?V45W!N\J5=R[A@XH L445%/.EO'ODW;<@95V

_+$FN=O+RR?5M4!UY;'$:(=CQG) ;/# G(] 0:ZA75\[6#;









M(Y%E5H=O)4Y7[P/?F@#G);OR[FWB34YOL
M^(XB;CF2
QY;#D[B ^!G/?'I4




;27







MC?-.[6$4ZCS/-.XLVYE7/]W!P
=O6M7P\#Y




=RE1C:

._P#+FF/$-Q%;Q74\
1BF
ML&O%1
[E*[?E)/7.[T&

099W7Y3U& 0/_ -0]!446
MA:=$T)6*0B&
Q(K3R


#\KG XZ9///3@Z0T:P^R/:F%G


M' 55(/U/;T.:DM+!X6B9IY?W98[#


=@8'J20

M#G':JPN)-.NM4DM%A56U*%75D/(=8P2
$8.6SGFME]*LWN!.82'XR%=@K8Z;
ME!PV.V0:8=&L6^T[HY&^U
'ES
YRP.01S\I&!C&
8'I0!FW-_J4C3PQSP1-#
@
MH H'6+Y+I+,QV[3[%M))\P4YC\P
%Y[=1G_ .MHZ1=RWEJ[3A/

MF1MTC/ECU/S$]: 





AP.
.E:4VF6<\DSR
MP*YFC$<@).&49QQT[GGK3#I-FUJ+=HY'0$,TSLZD=

4=^

T 9T.MW[

M.00W'3T]ZL:7HCV&C+$8XVOE@
0)G=H^F
C(^7/!.%_.I-.T/1X[2^CW2&
M 0RE+B0@J

;2%P





M(Z$*S$?I5NZLX+L 3*QP

M #M2T %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!DWNH7MOK
5M
M#;QRP&VDF(\S#L5*C R



AY)XXR;ZZ]<R&
MTC33)%FN)7B_?

 



MVH1HY


MW&01D

MBY@R-FXG)(XR


M&!ZC'XFC6-)?^Q;]+9)KR]NH_+

MW @6.

L
M]P2%*AB.3D]%[#U/7KK6.FQZ?IB6%M-
J(NU9&8
X]^1C]


MC-@99V7S/+A

%=L^!C+



=1TQCVJG_8
M$0N(YEO+I6CG\\ %
%MNWIMZ8ST]?88 *\^K:G;R7[FRMI(K0*6 N&! VY)_

M9YQVZ\]N!3]+LDT_3H+5!@1KC&2?U- &1XEU5;.6
I?1P/:[9VA
@4S*3@KC

BAF! P3CC)]!WJPVJ?9$?RK0&QM9%MWD$F&7H

\\@\'
MBK%MI$4%VUTT]Q-



+10[



M9@D;L0KC( VJ1G'J1]:G31Y)94N)[ZY6987@ 41XV

#S6B:81R?*RY!)^
M3;C(QG=GVJ&'4TM=*M]3D4%[]U+/-(52-25!.#M ''3J?<FM&WTQ+:ZEEAG

MSRF*YL+J

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *


TFVOK.TNEFBMC*\\DT:I


JON1D9^F?RK+U30H[W:


GD&KM5-/2XCA*3PPPX/RK%*9
]



H&:M7
37/[@C$1(
A/\

=N!UQ]* &274QU&:W#HB*J;
ID





M1D/E&7MQV([_ 
S0!7%W(^RXDN$3RXC(R)R I[G!_V35J*XE=;H.R'RPK(

\=[.TDB*D

MZM/+*EFTLS@8RV^$ ;5QG/S56O+:;[%+;)$TKWA(ED4@!


$;L&4X!(XY)]!R/?
M- M;D.LABA$@D+A59F )R



%8<M^)#K^5)KUTUK:(RR^6V3A220OS=<C&=N/QJ1
MM/=;;


YQS4=]9

M)!8Y/YTW4+5IVAE$)







MU&
CD#L



P^OW@U &O=71APJ1

(2Y#C)V@B5R1R_/0= /]V@5=7









I/E1

DD;@QR.V#]1[T :HU#[(;IR8XPY3YQU.[;^I

KQQW%L/
)])4R3_6I



!*T3%]W
M'S%!FJ%HZ_90PS]DM@,D?WFZ8__ %T =TP0@.K9QDX4D?G4%O?K-&C&-PS









XI&MH'&&AC(]
MHJ6B@!H50Q8#YCU-.HHH :R*Q!8 [3D9[&F&WA-P+@Q)YP4J)-HW 'MG\!4M
M% 4M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M5EW-[=%+MK5H%6%UC1GC+@GC=T8=









M8XC(\K*JLRMF-LKCJ2

D#CDX

=J +=%95GK
#6MF;N0+-.BD[(
MVV MP
GD+D]
GFKEM?6]V\B0.6





M


(C475RR(JJR%EQ(%)*[OE[9[



MG



NW$OEHNFR+*XD_UK-&O
MR 'C<H8@Y'.V@#<HK /B0BW\YK(XDABE@57+,_F' # +Q@^F[CWXJ5-;N9$B
MZ:ZRR)(V)6
:@ICU7=@Y&#MH VJ*R-
U2?4-1D41QBT-K#.AW'?\^X\C'MZ
M\8[YXUZ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB


0*S2/&(96P%?J#POTQR.*UZ* 
X:


MSG:3GYE]CD5H44 9TNB6$TKRNDVYY%E;%Q(!N7[IP&P








M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *

MY@;=%(NY21C]*?)(D4;22



MR*;(Q2-F5&D*@D(N
M[#) _

M];YH+61$9/**Y*8^09(&.AY/3-0K +C2DM7TR5\27(B
]M)LB!8E $P.H(P3
M@#!&1TH Z2?47AO9+86KOLMS.&#*-^#C:
G]3BIM/NA?:?;7838)XEDVYSC(


M*?[1;JMG$8XR7D1&R&&T9*D$9SQD5?FM+?\ MR*.&SE%O-8RHR^0XBRS*P!&

M+

MBN(VT??OOB6/D$IMY*LP49=1GIR 3VQPVQL3MT@SV#-)!YT09X/N$'*'G.T#
M'!_(]

M.IL+ED?3UR#;2$-*



!A


2VK8L)3+-=6[B2W8ED!C+8*C/57/'?ZC




MJ%[C0H;9--F:9+:58GEMY8V!^4*N,*V,88X]!GI0!VM5-2O#86;7 A:7:0
!R#ZT ;VIWYT^.!Q THEGCA)# !-S 9/Y]JNUR-[!*\DCR:
Z@#YU W9ST;MUZ5TUD
M7:QMS+#Y



(TA&
[

M-.L4?F6O[E0@;(Y+' .XY;/3IBLV*[WW.G6L^HS(K7DT31BY/S)M;;\_#'G:


MD^PI+:\@NF98G.]5#
2+S/EB<E3DG



9]:I75_Y=A-/8:E
8
M_L4KSN\Q8Q3#;L'S9V


RJ


@]^U '4U474(6U)+%0[2/





=

M*Y1Y9)M7





MH [BBN





M;NWKM/7C..O&: .VHKEX)97UF[MSJ

8
F&S\@/0_*2#G[WTJ
M&T:YFTZ::+7$=I$7S(R)%
;[AN#
78QY&5X QG('% '6%E4@$@%C@9/4]:4D





-_+ 0-JR0LA# GI\P(Z@

M'045@SZEJ4#7886FVT


M(QU;)?/'IM_&@#;IJNKE@K!BIPV#G!]*YDZ]JDNEW&H)9;+0VKRQ2-M!0@?+





%#Y@*N5+;L]R#QCIWH Z6BL_5+













M(P9%&  1CK^61WR*UUJ=[8'4HTM[



MR5E1E#@*3D/T/TQD 'K0!IR2)%&TDKJB*

M6JRI)'$RJ=P;IN)S@KPP_3%=6OW1]* %HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B



UM&8HQ;


4K-$ JD MDKG!R

MJ +EUIEK=V\



M=D
B?[6

]N!]2V[TJSO)'DG






!
ML?EZGU-0WFAPE)7M58SR*BL9;F7#JA! SDX/'W@

^5%N$)\MMR,KLC*?4,I!'YU%
M+I%E+]GW1R+]G8M%LF=,$]3P1D\GD^I]:O44 5;^PM]1@$-TKM&&#861DY'(
M^Z1WYJM+H&GS-(TB3L945')NI?F]
_-_G)]36G10!5DT^VE9&D5V* #_6M\

Z79W3+)(S


M
]]*66S%O/=W


-CL
?

]

M5R!D_P!!W_ T :%%1S%UB8H45@.K]![FJ6BWLE_;222/!*JRE$F@X251CD#)
MQSD=3TSWH T:**BN.(RYG
*J
LW&


X!QGVJ6
YH VJ*H6KS?;KF)I)%BC91)MX)+^GT
M%1W4MTMU;1ED4DL_R%N0


MX^4;5/KZD_G0!LT5FZA/
MR(XBH$49G.21NQD8X[5&+N:


$^T8B
JDL%^9%/;]&/Y5)9SM)J4L:SO- (5



M+8




S

J


TZ

LPA$:JZ+)NDC+;=X .!T]

V #^53W4;W$9@Q



M/:K30.S$BYF7)Z#;@?I4:WID9!%!(X
A1B
 +@X)_ T^2Z$;.K*$VE=K2-M5

M)R.Y]A3K/45NY-JA .0/GY)!P1C';UIZ7\37
T#%5

M-=:MVA#C#$R.A.IVA=WS'., A: )ULW5QF0
IF
K9&

MFD

S.!R



MZO3R^3'O*
P!&=HR0/7%



1E



M20
@;N Q]/SXH 9J
;R0((T+D31
0
= ZDGGT&34KF&W62=@J9Y=@.3CI]:B

BH%.

MBS)-
TWEG^$

_LZ?R2D49V%B95E?)E3@;
\\X49)]QWR+3:LJP
M/+]GE(C61F *\!&*GO[58O;V*SAWR/&&.



M]HMVAADT^ZW+D&59E





M#)@@O?L5PLJN9C)
4)G(.TNVSIQTQ5JZBD;3UC52S_(
13748?[.<B%QY;%<[FQQGIQ@_G6C10!E-#=
M:*=82\48&8=X#
P& WIWZ$^AXQ6I2T4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4




#&TE%Z?\ ?-1VTLTU
MPD;G]\+8&6(S
H5\\^M:L=K;Q B.- 6W$*H )]33;JQM+T 7=K#.!T\R,-C
M\Z &7-Q]ALE=8'EVE4V1G)&2!U/7&:MU'#!#!$L4,21QI]U44 #ZI* *]X8




_E0!C&97\
VO;B #/!;#)

D







M4444 %%%% !13!(AD:




M]/5H66)U



M

U$NC6*FW(2;-L28R;B



P2V\3
^TM

MVDNH0.]HDENL4B2.&5%5R1@\Y)&T]
9X'%3S:'I]PLBRQ2
LB;&'G/PO' Y^



M31[)&G9%F5IWWNPN)
[NF0=W'''&. /2@#+G=[K7+65Y+::U?3I79!&75U)C


[!


M/12OD%PT8C/F2


&(-.JMY:O*P0
01G'(!Y(R!G'% &6-?NX-
M/M[^ZCA>&XM&G1 AD95#8)).0?PQ[U+'JFJ1QL;RS2(221QP2-M4$NV,$*[
M=..





2-MF(WV?=R"<@X)X]ZT!I%D((X=DA6-@R,9G+J1G&&S
MD=3QGN:3^Q; 1-860*[2*R2NK*S')PP.1GTS0!C7

T

T[21RDSQB*3_2) &4=OO?YR?4
MU?BC6&)(DW;4 4;F+''N3R: 'T444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444

4D4H=GW2;6^7'3@COZC/J*TJJW5DMS/!-



M;E5MP![X.!G\A6?-I'G_ &4RZA=LUM+YJL?+^9L$#/RXZ$CC'7GM6G0!2U:\



I)5G2
#&1
MR



M&W=E2#@C'4=,8JF-B6YAG6[N@T

M2V-H\=I
$;;=

9]3
M4#6:VKW4T4

 9Z^PJ?3K06.GP6JG/EH 3ZGN?SH LU







D@QM#!


#/&3W[_ $J_


MV/2[.:' ELA*DF_);;M!R
QPH/9?R'OD U:Q]5MEFU;3P9KE%D+JZ

$_

M;RRS7%K]F\]%8EW0[@NW/4@Y&
Y/6G_\)$Z6^^XLFMV\U8]\WF1Q $$[B[(#
MVQ]WJ1ZYJXNBVIAN4F
L[W2A999'^=@.F


KE1CGN/8X'6J0\0W(@:X?3XS +0


M'!R.V:B'B)UMMTVGS1SM+Y4:&.7;)\I;(_=[L8!S\O;TYJ=] @F=VGN;F4/



@@O&NHVD61H5AZC






M/7  _2I* 
./78TMXI!:QVQEN)(V6:4(%96PV6 (W$YP._K6VI)4$C!(Z9S6



'MV&] F

MY)(E#+&QQ@'G/0@\ XSSBJ=SHUU







MGC&
XQGC-5K72;JR9#;WR#
:)
'@SNVC 9?F&TXXYW=!^
UMITUK/
L5ROV2




-/A^Z

D422@ I^\5C@;?F]?7%:+*'0JPRK#!%9%OH @DL9/M3
UKE6)7_

9SL7T[_@ ;AX!.



M%:#.=Y;C.X?WVY^G'!R .G\2V









HQROS8[C@X/-7;JWCN[66VF!

@C!K.ATFX7RWFO$FF@A:&!S#
MC:&QDL-WS'Y1TQ0 WPVTMSIL-].UR);B-6=9) RDXSN49.T'/3CZ4:G?S_:+



V?V4G[
?^^OO_

C&W(



^CW;:++I9U




&\X7S'[CZ#-3UCZ];75TIBMK=7662-I0$W+D






R*95R@QGD9XX!-*E]:2.J1W4#N\?FJJR ED_O#V]ZP(()[:ZT
M*VNH0KPSRJ9=P/FGRGRPQZ]3GG/YTVUT^_B33(I=.$L5I:S6\P:1/WF0N
#.

MY'4#GG'M6+I5C?0#1#+:

)]VYB 1P5&.&'XUIURE
7,<1OY@PY]CWKG8=+O/[MX19RPM;WCS&W
M281F1S$!61N,!AW'*_C4]QI4D=K$^GVMS;S+YFT&593ERPD#L002
G#9XX

M)
(V#AA@D* 1CKU'\JON2J
P4L0
A1C)]N: 
WFKA<],G/%5)=6$.K1Q2R6R6+VK3=I.X91UZ ?-^/\Z5E9WM
MKIFC



5Q

0%4

M% &6-9G:R_M!;'.G[2^_S/WI3^\$QC&.?O9QVJZ=2L!L#7MNI?;M#2 $[ON\



6L<BQR7
*R
VP*S@$MZ
M8]:GKE)M.O534UBTV1FFNH)$8-$/
%-Q^]QDHQY_O?6NJ!R 2/8]J 
RZU






MBJ&L6TLVI:5-#9M-]GG+/(I0%%*D=R#U(/'I]*KC2F.KW#W5K/
CSK/%*ETR


T



UOA


M%ER#@AU0


MA;RB3R9#%)C^%P 2/U%0W
MQ+;M#;FW^V!5







P:-Y /D(R


%UYI13#
C


M[-BB




M7:KJ


0L/EVG+$@ 5F0_Z


@





MSH(;J2WS'OV?9P(]LI3Y\MGI_P !JQIQ87%UD[W19YSD[?6@#2JO+=+#=)%
M)M5&C:0NS8 P5'_LU+:74=W$9(PPPQ1E88*L#@@U1OU:I!(HB4B)W=V'8/'


'8
U8L
)7PU'(I3YHHQRO( (X

M'J* *

XP:L1WD




]SJ+2J)S%=*FX'


V_]\WS_(QY_(?E4MM:
M)96DOD!HFQG8)6=5('&

M+VPCC+'CIS[X_ UBF52A1'4AK;S#Y;9Q@CG_OHU=E?[1I]U$J-L
XCC+(1

EB!G


3.

O+)M2WED8)P7*E
?S/YT :
T
-P


$H@!(IQ@A+LYB0LV
DJ
FJ&FRS
M2?9&DE=_
M!(P.


(Z

M7




4





M  )CC J&[6%(A)
K2




MT
3KAHU(QMZ=O2GD D$@$@Y'M7/V3S-)9QEW:)A
0L0

/]KGJ:M?:9H-#


76/SFM

BQPM(I#8!903M/IQSGZ_
MB 

DDAO55T8W-Q'* 5P% V @^OW2?Q

MW#RJ(/GD+\1X*@J!@'/M4RVFRY#KC;Y94YY)8G.:(I;N3RV\F 1M@DB4DXQV
M^6K5 %2TL4M1%M=V

M)*EGV]5 (*[3GYLMU[U?M[KSVE B;$7REN


JLR

CTYQTXQ5N-/+B1 2=H RQR3]
M:I?VBPTZ:X
+;X8?
((PK';G //^34#ZK


)(R 3A44.I8#WP/

8'D2&



M5XXHVC22X*@N$E0#MD@9)XS0 ][)FAG(VB69U..@4 Y _F?J34EW;&XEMCA
M2L4A9@WIL8?S(J*]U!K6X5!70 M(=RC]B,GUXY]?:BUOS)-(LH*AIL*A#






M'V\

1

GV5'6(I+(0JH_;)ZG\.: (Y;$374TS@



MY2*$
8WKO.P %0?F)Y[GH*L[1O)\I6E\Y-ZE

M

T49

M(W8 UI4E &%
4M]$DF



C




\:


M R+98Y]+O(6E:*656WQ2

QLYB)4L &*

B*ZHS 







^]

RQI*H0*V#D\%LCT' ^

#4X
MHC_:#&*)VAC^0M&K%?DS_=/UZUH7H_=6T4$:LVY3@*IP@Y;KP
@8_&KJO&Y=



M++E8VX;;U(]
]J 



0 Q*5)QURN
T 9=B[RFWE=KC=/%#&
M65QN+ 
Y)YZ8(_6KMTYEU:&*.24LH;=@ *O [XY^G/6I%TYHY4GAF5)E41@%
M


#[5@W
TLVG2;WN&):5UP$QB-R1[
M] *UH;-K::5H)B(I
L(2

G/8XR1V!..M #-+
MPYNI(F8QF0A'8@AR.K8 '\61[XJO
AM[^+!!$6^XD*H2$)&WIGO\QX]#5JTT
M]K%BL$W^CJA6*%EXCR1T/4CCI^M6(K?RD?:Y
KG+2$9)/^'M0!5BO/.^U;I5


MU@IB;9-(D['=YX/S9_D1[=* *FJ;#'#Y:CR_)DVC9D ;1V[57\O8Z

M5;:K ?( .X.



MP



1 YW%B 

MN\;ID95&0@CCORHS4D5O=?:DFN+F-PJ



;7$BQW!;




XQG Q0!A0K)!8/=G_6
M2MO?_6=S@#=NYP


QD4*B* $7&
\\XRK&I[^:2%X-DP02

 <$)U_%J;
M%=73LEKAC/X$[?+\PV@GVY) _/TJNZ23:??
D$I\R\5E4J58@

MZRJ29(UYMV'#

5C*_-EMQ QZ\U8O8W:W0+%/D2


M?88'Y^E2WZ.=3LW6255CE#;!C.W')(]*IR6Q71(8FAF$\ULEN0JYP?]KTQ

QQ^F.M %Q+[983W



MWD0.7:
'!F^;=P#Z'D=






)C8D.X/S%LDC
M!//6JMO;@^;Y0E4?:Q(K21LQ8*B@YSSUSUH T+6Y:1[@221
L1'S(
#&
^IJ
MC'?RDQ2/


U#NN%O0A16MV4D..
4L;!0T2%S@#ECC'-:-B)(K';);N5+
M,%BVHJ=L@<?_KH MYG_ +L?_?1_PI-TZ1)F-9)/XMIVC\


M\Y(78;ECFC(7&?XQDG\



' . ?S% &MY\.X+YJ98X W#DT231Q
BR



=U!)$TJR#8K
I8\#(.#U]Q3IO

M2?V)8
8(G.;?]XS?







'_=S^= &K13!(AD:
.I=1DKGD56

C)QQ3E974
C!
ZAMT=I9 H1=[#J0OKBLC0&EF60W+D&VD5$7 & T2

]6_E

M@

M



MC5I;&'JI.53.1UZ_..??I0!M-/$LC(S@
J[SGLOK4:7MM)
\2RKO23RR#QEM



C_/N?UH LQW

KRJCY

$
T+R  ;F)!7@?\


?PMN7MV)JK#=7+7.&EBQ]H:
(6ZC:&P/EZ@

DL-C'T]1VH ?#8)!+YB229P 1D8(R3CIZL:GCA2)I

#H






@&=I]

=L;?.@QC((XY8=/

/-)7;ENP]O3USUX'I3C9QR63
M6D[//&RE6

ZN[.$9RG7@
M\X'TH M 8  ZJ\]FD\XD=FV[C)V8$@\_E5-+V:4$LY7]T6&R//(8CW[ 5-

S1@S ;F?@#Y22?IQ^M #CIR?:7F6:5!)(LCQKMVLP  )XST4=^U3K
M !.9G8N^



M7=Y %&_D(!G@?B32I:H'
DA




GC/KZ]ZJC1K9(!#&TJ(J@)
MA^5P


?X^WOFEM=2MKB;[.946Y&08

TC


BGON4G^HH @
MET^&6

MW@0.SEE

MEG7R9!&T7EL^\ 
#G.  3GGTJR+Z$SK#\^]G
8^0XW %L9Z=!4DLZQ2Q(P/[




=TIRJ%N/(VYP.3R1

8^M &?IJQHRPJ;IF-



M7 P


*9=VTAOP<;PQCY\O@?

MW-1C4(&+!1
2APP$#Y!QG'3T(H 66T+Q* 4+J 2O!_ $5GTWW

1C
+21L
M\JB


ET\C




?EN'W#';/K2[C,\L6'S&0VW(R1G''L

\\GVAHUCV( &+'EB6(7U)QT[47M




M8C!.![XIZRJ\ E3+*R[EQQD?C0!F6

=SSFKT'


MFR\O1[FWAWRL8Y!&&.2

H;RWLWD@F,CR1YCP=J
M@,=R].@/6F

NV
M-&V)C.3CJ??T'^0RRM;J
PRK

MU/H

I]_
MUP.OYXI7NQ'9274L
D8C5F*-C=@?0X_6@!;1[AA(MS&$9'*JR])!@$
!GCKC





K!2#\VX'J22OY^E-U*T
^J0
M&*& E0P/FH)&V]#[ #K[^U:3V%L^T?S!MV\
0V?][KVJ2:!)BA?=E
X*G'

M)+.WE6(-$
0G

[1X@H@(0 +;+U524;N
M-P'7BHDM)I)YV6WACD66
-Q%*Q

M'H[%_7^'-;-M:Q6B
D*D!F+MEBQ)/N?\\4X0IYWFG+/T!)^Z/;TH @TQ0EC&
M  !EB

HP\M
@]P??]#6C##' A2) BEBV!TR3D

^] %.&.==6NRL

68L?U)H SM4D!N A9A@

@^9L$]?O#'^[[5JRVD
LBNRD.IW AB.




3
M 8+*2

@(6



MIWV:(6IME4K$5*8!/ /O0!DNDQBN&CA;*L@3$*D
O_PJ@#(%M<+J3F1F
M0*K2KLF+[1M50



GWC



'TI8[6&(1A5.(P

#H)HL'=MBGDC7/^
MZI J\.!0 M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %4=






J
BF1U160D










M4^XM)%LFCC;S':X23)&
: ++E_+
M1))'60 %FA0D']#6?IES)+;-/<3W4A2XE0*L7!R
HR OH!6NQ(4E1D]AG%4



?05).)[K

MZGD5_-



;


M

YZ'TJOI4F;F03G9*%5(4;(+1#HV#W.

M Q4


M_2H=




IP 3)@GTY^8^V15VQ+)
Z

M@#069')5=Q8+NQM(_GT/M5:?4!;A/
MIP78*H 4EC[#-2QVEK;D216T4;1Q[




M&&=X]S




M#)/!Z54M8IY'!3?Y(DN=VV0I\WF\=/;=3=
20WGEW7SR?8HUD#'=D[GSGUH


\U9H S7U


0_(CG!' 9BH[^U37U
M_#9*N]X]S.B[6<*<%@?PSG\*QSM2S@B$VS[4@4GY=J\XR<@\8Z=L\=ZNZM!


MBBB@ HHHH **** DI:I:HS+!&4=E/FK]TGD=^F.U %EH83.L[1H95!57(&








 I..2!G _4_G3888X(Q'#&L:#




LOXXH V#!$R[3&NW




=IQR





 8Z8^F*H7[
2<BNA  &!T% T444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 57NH/.:
D;ECRP7.
L1C\L$U8J.4S
M #R41SWWN5_H: 

MKC\: )1!B\
FU1'Y04#W!)J'4+22ZFLFC*;8)C(X?D$;'7IWY84U-2#222%3

)\BX[YI!9K)
N!^- $[13QB2XC6.2Y88

MF;9+--]\N/E(_N^PQG\S4%G:SV]E*3##Y\C;_*#G:O 4 -CL%'.*==:EY.EW


C-

MHP52J'(..0?TY'K[4 -ET]I;I9F;#E6W.#RO3:!].3_^O%226TTIMO-D!9
^
M8R#;G(QQUQ^=$]ZT4=LWD



MY(J6VNVN0CI;R+$Z[A(Q7!].A)H K:=8364K*=KPN
8



M\ASWQP.!ZTZYNQ;QR
R2!44L7V9 &






?+)QD\$G&
C@8[U=M9IY9;@

M\;!E



M0#CGFCK0!F7R*^K6*O

M &000..M)IXA_LEFN9$

]CL\J/;

M%2D
01BO0

D9U!#
V$DNF?!X&T1%
Y^H_45M@ =!C-&!Z=*
M
G2G NG$S2)
4QQR,WSJ.K@'US^&!FHQ;HE[=R3-(9I 4C/+Y4C;CN 
?E

Y_+D=


J01ZB@!:*IWNI6UC+%'.


M#




M=602K$XNK0JP




M174Z!+DQ3[[C(53&Q&(^@&0



M2(IFVN'!D(R1UY*\=#N''(KM** .3U#5$-S;S6UW*9%EMO
/V@A-C$ [4'#




?
M/BV@DKAPK@_-_2*ZFB@#\*R+=6DUP;V2[D6:2(NTQ8;0YV_*#M!Q@Y '7T


G\/2MFB@#CIM0D#7EM;ZABWCO]DDK

MYKIZ* .6NWN)-4%O_;'V79$C6S2HQ

WSV\JO$MRRDLK@*=PPQ.


9P
X
M'  P

 ^^:J7]]Y5A=3


DG)QWQ744


MV






^IIQT33S!-!Y3B&88

[!H_0@G

MD$Y(R




M#



^WS


M#-8S%M$K@%



X7=B





D3N!M*A2V[8KGGC&-WO5K^Q-/+R.\3R&6-8G\R9W#*.G!)''K

MA&[ QN=2

G$@.W(.1M]LYJW)I5G



D\#'3H
TNIV\MU8R


M\23:EJ
(G5S;;K6:


M!R&#O@@].F





M:IJ


FNY=5U1)YHWAAE5(T$9!&45NN
M??T_PJ.\)@UR2X@BC



M0

  =!0


4 :U9^H:C+:7EG:PVOG/=%U5FDV*I52W/!/;T_P *
M;PZ<Z[(4F;SI-C%6!XX/.

EB$14[

KC





M&.



)YT+2++M4K@
!MX.
]/?Z8H J+KMV^F'4/[/B2%92CA[G#( Y
M5F.%(P
9X)[^G.M;3RS37 :)%BC;;&ZN27XYR

M2NV0YC&W?DMG[ORY)]3S5RPM196

^U8JZ^T



*E?18V'[5<+()A.\H


;%XU8C!(!(SG
M'XU0UFZN[6&W-G'$[23I&?


+=YA)\P?=M/RX^Z&.
YS[5

@(.[IG.0#UP3VK2H R[Z^O(-8M;6.6*2*21










MO/Y4 /DOOM

9R!S4$.A7D

L[:.SM(;:$$1PH$7/H!B@ NKF.TMVFF)@@8'4DG  ]R2!61JNM2)HVHO;P

MO%ENXOM5W&(7E$!VA!G@+NZ_

7UMR2NW_@8SG\*L6MA
M<VMU*Z7BF9_

2*C[1O4G 8



C;E8



C8


5U$\I=BH\L*0#D;N

MDA9P6$;O&K;!_%R_(]A\WM2/H]VVBRZ6=00QM%Y
;M!E@N
?-\WS''?C\:G;


UZ=[:W@E%^]E'






%C


XYSZC@].HZ]161'X=FAN4DAO(41;O[48Q;




MX8SN'9CS]..Q %G\2V%O:PSR%E


G)IO^BRR1V5[;
MW#E2Q-V))


@%N.]5/LMT^E
M2VTEA



D#V\#1RQ%


;22NJ1H
LS'  ]2:S-%W6EK!;212!IC+-GCY









\U/

=F0?N\]-WI^-<VVEZG<VVH2V$;W-@L*J2BJCJ7^





C#

M0)

MLB%'4
IX*L
@T.BN
.H89!P1GD=*XR6V


 T)CQ\JX^9?

M8V@F



=M)M

M[#) _
UR
M

MRJ


5?OVJ*'0P&=-Z+M*LJ\\-G

M_7UH VZJ?;#_ &K]B
-92DH)SEMC%3]WYACIUK
M2M88EU.3[;:7#WGG;H;@QLPV8&!O'  [J2,GL<T ;U%<K:6TI:U+VLT-]'(W
M]H3+&P\U-K9PX'SY.W &2/:HM/MH!_98GL;HY@E2X\RVD.[D8#Y'(X. ?ZT
M=?4<TT=O\TSA(XU+


M#9Z#M]T]:L3VT%R$%Q#'*$8.H=0VUAT(ST/O7)ZG;QNVIB'3K@ 6$:6RK:O@
M.Q&W P-R^XYZ8-3BS:\U@SWAU!&WI):M' 

M(HUEN-*#0SS*+K






M-P 3ENG4YQ6*FF#^VY/-%Y8I5:U\B%/+\L*OR[]A*C@@KN&?QJ&TMY1=Z5






M;[S)IHYU6
S95B




A$D^0Y'
M*_+TSGOC- '6U4@OXI]0N;)%D$ELJ

M^W6-_

UNHKN-GA\P!6VD21M&P/7HP![BL?Q
M%--2TB%KX6LAN&;<&3<H\MQG# CD\=.].U%S:S65O?WDJ63+)YER9#$3)D;


\\!



M* O\VT[2./6L2WGAEU2:.\OY8KQ9R(X!*4#QX&

5FV$T-A;6

XZ XX^M ';51
MM;FUO[N9HXW$UG(869E*G. 3]1R/;H:Q)K^.&:^ABOY&@6:%I7$Q=HHV'S$'





M.!SZ54?7M2%K?W
$EA=16MNLH9(V4!CG*D[CRH'3CJ.E '54E85[J6JQ7)
ML[2WCNKE(A
Q6


NW.6.3]T#N2:N5@IJFI
T9:.U56O'M2@

DUG4 4M(H$FO6DE7=&@VX0KSM9UZ[A_%^= '0T5SL^L:K


?B* -^EK FN-6.

MV%;&5*8QP5




:)KNI[$5=RPLV

D1F3:.YV@@G'H#69/K5W
88]*A2Z=HS*64#:0&*XPSJ



JKD#+' YX%#NL:EG8*HZDG



4

I/&#ZCN6^N

N^4*J@





M;ZUJ(A
]Q9VQ@^UM;LXN&RGSE
XV=

!%$Y8S8Q@X


M+



L:O
M
(!)(!NS]TA


+@^W/?V

DB2%B&'$K@#=D$@ X!P2
C

ME7=][ )! ].



C.1U!'
M?F@_=:=;7=Q'/
)?-C5E1DF=
 ]?ND?G]*A@T/3X#;F.*0?9E9(@9G(53U&


J3 H!



I@)
;I*ZN



$CIG- &?\


L3DS%3(5E==Q7&#P


-X6%LYFQNPC


D<2+%(!#G81/)N /4;MV2#Z$XJ



C1ATD9@;S'^4'KMPPVY]1@U;1=D:KN+;
M0!D]36;!?W4VNO:B*(6RVZ2[MYW?,6[8_P!GU_/H-2@ HHHH **** BBB@


MRJU5&\U-+6\BM!;SS3RHSHL:C! Z_

M1W'VF.%9 %1SG..

3\Q [?G2#6S

MEL9+*

M3VVM
MV\CVEO:V]W



MP


MDW=S$WDM!MCV8VMUZJ3G@=^U
.A1
I66[N9$:U-JRL4 *'Z*#FK%_J4=C+;Q

5C6-1R0

]/?O0 Y
M-(2.=)X[NY27RUCD8



MBPK ;@QSDX'7//&*O2
4C9PC.0

]Q&95@C*%B@

0N(YEO+I6CG
X *8+%=IXV]


?1Q'I[Z



M8 & *H-I


*=IK.Z22!0[Q'9NV$D;L[L8X]<CTH 1- C2X^T



M+)%/]H9QLS*^-N6^7TR
#'7Z57&I-9ZC?F874T0:$]!B$

FIY]:M+

^W&


8
R1M)&5!Z@EL=^G4X/% RZ9)9
MZAI8LX;B:V@F=B/

].WOZ&DN=:6&;4$N+6X6





8C(&S 9P5^7J,GKGKS3]-U!=2MUN(8)DA=0T;R;0'!] 3^8%%W?K
M;2KL$UQ,RE]D0&0HP3D@=^G4]J 


MK5V





X]

;@@CJQSRHI]]





5O5FIJB

N Q'3..N
U2T;5!?6J?:


WE70^RRR-
M+Y31Y968Y.&ST)SQCOUHL[2ZL8XH(YDEB\UV;



MZ6\GFMJ$Z7



M9VN(W#;3Z''2EN;JWM(_


#D8'.?7CM5BQU+
MS'FCO'@AD%RT






MVDAR@8$A3T./2A[F.=8'FC65QE8RP#




B^MB/






MK)G/(YW9/!(('U-;E-AECGB66)@Z




C%$
8


.I(;I]*ZBHTDBF\Q


X8H[$_7 'L
U/=:5Y
MFES&/2+AKF1XMR3W(E)VMG(+.1C&1U!YZ5O0V=M8I(UG9Q1L025A14+G]/UI

M YO3+.ZMUTM/[

W$EM&)&B5@IP
M?*(&XX(;CM@G\C@UD:E8W$L^HQQV@F6_@6(2[EQD!A\V2#CG(QG\*VYX0F

M
M[BWO=1
<\9D!Q\O';/KSG'I0

HQDD$[@V

MK[\$X;G[XS_NGVSU-% '









\XZT):ZC%

X&1Z9[FMNVN5N5D9%=

EWLCPD;BK1 $'.
N.N*T(G\R)'VL

G\CQ6I%9RW6H

G!7OUK7 P





M5/2K_P#M&T
YA: B1XRC



MV*:[K&C.Y 51DD]A0!RNF6T2'3



0VHQ32HJSQR6
MR;=P8$DJ%7S


MQ72-DH=IPV.#[TZB@#CY[6
^'KD-8W@U;[
8YGCBD!EDXYW*
/\ 
!ZX![#-



8N YVK&S$[

SUFQ
MOGC25\RKNC\R%X_
'JI8#=^%7Z 


M


GD#UJ(6\


MVQ!D[4+''T&2: %ED$432




M




Q^S*&DC\EED4'H=K ''OTK2!R

MJM:OAY 6)/(Y?!7W_*NKMUC2WC6&(11A0%0+MVCL
=OI45W?16DUM%*'+7
G

1
PB=W=




M;D_S-6=(T]8+I[9[:





M12+(9UW9)/0$97KSZ5-?0_:TUI38W+&6&*14EA9OF .0IY!(ST4_2NF@A2WA
M2&/=L08&YBQQ]3R:DH YR32X(;]4M+&&.UU&





/E(.



R=Q #
 #



9


#CTYQD=B*9+?LVVU35%CLDN)HWN))'?81@HK.KJP_BY+=L5V5% ')SS!

A%5Y(K6V#W+A(]@=C(QP%!P6.3]!4TDL<(!ED1
MS!06.
DG 'U-/H Y;0+5KK1=

8'-9T^IL




'J3^=+8RM=&R)NKDSW
4@NT$K@+(%^Z!GY3P
=CZ&NHJI


M&'S9)_'M3]/\J_N=%GFN9V:?370R1SN9,H#T/7[V?ID]..NIDBEXV57:,L
M ZXRON



3EG?&YCZG  _(5+0!R^LV^S1-3U.[OH9WF
ML_*B:)/+CVGD8^8Y))ZY^E-FN9KO665=6CM$4QO: !CYZ;03MPX5\G(Q@D5T


MUO






M'?D?+QB1N-I[^]=8P#*5.0


M.10!S:2F#[#!=ZH9K%_
;[5&[1AFRI1-^XDC!;^(YQCFK_A=PVA0XW_*S@EE



MJL3%T9'975CU(8'=DY.3GFG2Z9:2O&[(ZO&
!XY71B
YP2I!(SSSF@#)DU'4




Q=7V=^

M


74?M
_6MRZT^VNY1),C%PC1[E=E.T]1P1Z?A59= TY1
M&%2<*(P)BYEX0]5^]T_P'H* *ZZQ.)[+SPD
-Q%&P=HF*N[=5#@X4CL#UR.





GR@]?XJ 



&@#E;Z^?4-







KZS;/)$UK

YXK



6BQ&S*6^;YLX&0
8Z9[U=
MMM#L;7RA$LX6$@QHUS*R+CI\I8C]*KSZ0T6HV
]A#L4,S22AY6!^92IC!





[7*A90\K%6 Z?*3@8[8'%





MEMTEW;SN^8MVQ_L^OY] VXT*.XENGDO;O_2;?[.X!3&SGI\O7EOS^F+$&F1P
/7
M'I4+V,\=I/YUW,P\EQ\LK @[BP((Y'! _#%6KB1;Z*[A&XA3%(F0-RD@Y'N
M#_

MC

MPM9##;+

B2EL
W\(&T9&.^0?:
MEEM%BO&U%!/+

Q:SN)
M?


=\@
V-R

XYQG

3M&=PB
MD/RG'9A@_CQ7



0B0%

M@ 9U(PV2


GL
D5F:!J*M87D37?VXV



M\0W4

)VY
M6
_

MP9#_ 
2\B-;K[



A?S$'
MEGJR[HP21CD8^A-:US:0W5G):3)F1C+G'&
56_LQC#'$]_=R!'5LL4.X#^


2

9/)^M6)=*


U+8VVZ^GU2WDMY)E5
M/+=E)&

MHH#8;V[00V[6RC*$!#CU7KP/R^N0IJ^J&_T&[^R0L5-C]H=S(4




'!YJM)HUVYEQ?1 26GV;FW)QU^;[_ +GCZ?BV


\S!&XYYSW'% $R:SN6YW:?=I);LB
MF)O+W





MW [APPY R/?/6J




7P]-$
M6\B\AC5KM;HK]FXW!0



MDB\Q) 

\U9TS2QI\]S('CQ.01'%'Y:+C/.






MMDL
\DL;-%N7:[$LK#(SUZY'04 7[2[AU/3UN+64^7
IVNN
CM[C(-96B:VG
M]EV0OC

MHDE !3]XK' V_-Z^N*T64.A5P&&*R+?0!!)8R?:F9K7*L2O^M3C:IYXP40



/[N/QK

YY]/QH 99Z[']FE-\0)(IGA+6

@CCF:9RBR;88VD(5NA(4' --OK&=HH;:P\J






Q;:Q&



GY/\ ;/Y#UX -^)BT*







MR@[

4 26FN6MS;)-MGC#NR*K0/DX
M.

MY7!!QUK902I;*I(DF5


LD?VC:8P[
S(RKA.&PQ&#CO@\57TG2_)FGN;VRLENGE

P4JV-O 7XQCOZY/2@:3Q%8

M



M9#&
'&

1*_ERQR++$^



@''X4 /\ [;T_RXW
Y'F.8T0QL'+#J-F-V?PJ ^([%))Q*EW&

M)+Z2W6QNE527;!SMVD'/'Z]Z +R7


M


M_DC4TD1(;:01B

YZ]\].E6[ZU6/5HWM=+
9M[B+$B0LQ9
8^0CY54


MV1VT@B\HI_=Y&-Q'7W]P #L%E1Y'C5@73&X#MGI3ZYF3P]8W%UJ=O_9T
1=4
M

J 
 9'4=2/K0!)+J2+=M

(DCE4E6;+IMQAMI'//4?E6=9E]*

CJ.X]1Z
M9H OT5FZ

<FULX8#

M^GW*/;ZDC1;+23Y(BP+[/EX4@/D#^HI)(7-W-

C)-37EM;OILK:;
M974/(ANHTMRK,HSG.

E '6
M45A:;!+;:W.!$7CE,CM*\+(ZDMP_P!UQZ=P
H]6M_-U&X%[:RW$,DK:F.
M


C%M_9C)9WJ




AA@%.HQU/\J9HEO#'I%NJ
M6PB+Q+YJM%L+-M .X$9SQWK#LK.WB:PMY--E2-9+CS@+5MC9R!NP
$$8Z\=*



MZ?'*F)!%B7D?='//R'!S][W%.NM3=+BZCL-0





M6ABU.W=6

M@)MQCR6=1@9/S



.G6L&._ABWDU06,=Y+'+-]H;*C'R*TF<@$YYSV S6AX78-IEPJ[
MSMNIQEE(SER0<GKP: -2RNH[ZSANH<^7,@==PP<&I6944LQJ!DDG  KC].E



M^\
7(6!4YP01Z^M5+J$0VT^JWNH&7S8DC22S'E*(]P/!
MW' )/+9X'3'6@#H:3<Q4$9')'I7&B_VFUMI-1DB!U)HBGVHL6B*9'SGYC@D

M9+EK@K(LC
86%!&[YC3YQU.0/7OR/K7*2ZEY$4
MRIJ4L$7GVSQDW?FY5CAOG;/& 3@''![9% ';U4LK^*^:Y6)9%-O
87WKMR0
2XR488

C\:I:Q=*JQV
;P&YNCA8I9=@91RW8GD C@'K5#1+Z
M.SU&^TN[DMH)1(;B.-)MPLS $@'((+8QP.U '144V.1)8UDC=71P&5E.0
MP/0@TZ@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH


M3T4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %13QM+'M2:2$Y!W(%S].014M
M% #(HUBB6-!A5  'M3Z** BBB@ HHHH **** H(+?R7=VEDE=_XGQD#)P!
M@ 8&3[U/10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4



MO6F45WD?=#',)4MY-K!R0IZ''3O_ $-6+S4H[?3YKF-6<QOY2JP*AGW; ,D=
M-Q R,B@]161)JDNG7/E:H\;(\32K)!$PVA2H(*Y8G[P.?KP*E?6[1615\]R






SUB(V4
E[(!+(6!*1
% #%03UV@X[F@#5HJM!?6]S
M/)#$[
\?WLHP!YQP2
-R

7R'N.AYYY';% %RBH;6;[1


M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#.O=-





DH;;^]0L6VM\O3+'I@\GFM:B


QP



Z6A69
M=/EN5)F)3*LH*X'4]\D#T'4T ='164=1O(V
4MK!YIB1X@+@XD)(!'W.
$CG

MCA=0\NYHVDD*8+






MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B

M;7*LT+\

M1\-=B\BCV/=?:(#%

QZ8]LU;72K
)$#$Q
4G

M+((R1@_


MMZ=JNT4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
A10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 ?__9
end








begin 644 exhibit10-22x5x1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!# ! +# X
A .#0X2$1 3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

MJ


DL\#G:L)P4

M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

#C
O6K]% %8V-N;];[81<
M+&8]X8C*YS@CH?QJ%](LF\S;#Y;225WC)5F8'/4<]:OT4 5[6SBM&E:(R$R



MH NT444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444



MY^E(^B6+6-I9B


M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BD)(!(&3Z

 /IG- &C15.::6;RQ)$?+



MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB





KC:C$%@H '.
CDY/XU5L+


=!








M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H


B1 









M(.WUY-;5M 4M!')R[ F0CNQY/ZFGR6\
KQO+%&[Q'*
R@E#ZCTJ6@#%TF.^T
MNTCTUK-IEA!6*X61 A7)QN!.X'&
X!K9&
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
U69ODW9P%^<$9X((Z@]1[&KU T5&)5:9HER2H^8CHOM]:KW5]]

?8T 7:*K-?VR0O
M
TF$1@A)4C).  

4 :%%5I+V-5A
M:
8V!WH TJ*CFF2%2TA8* 22

MVZ
SQD[3@@
HSU
MQ_*I5O(79E5F8JNXX1CQ[<<_2@Q15 ZK$+KRMDH15!9S$XPQ.%&-O?G]*LQ
MW$;QL_S(JG!
B%/YXH FHJG]M.^)1']^X:'[W3 8Y_\ ':LK(KQEHBKXR.#Q

M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
IJ6@I9CRYKB)QAS(7'^TIQR/IT_#Z5!!;QC6;MF&YC'$Y)]


E,@MX;:,QP1)$A);:@P,DY)H KZ
MJ#)9M!'_ *V;ICG'/WOH.M7:3 SG'-+0!BZE:-/J5HZ[8OWC(I* [CY;$D@

!0


%X9BR\'KCCCI6@L:(NU44#T
MI2B

_
8D4*



MNWWYV^;($W8ZXS]:E@GBN(A+!*DL;='1@P/XB@2BBB@ HHJYO+6SFZN8

M#%=R]
CK44NJZ=#.8);^UCF! 


M8QD$9!YJ2@ HHJ&UNH+R
R6TJRH&*%EZ9'6@:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H

0M89U$$:9RVX


M[Y97BN)%D
3%%8X^7[I]\8]L5KG3H6DG$BK+;S_-)!(H92W'(STZ=/7GUR

M&92@WF





MN(!(!V[





'D


#U!R..:FBL+.%Y7BM(
M$:4YD*Q@%SG//KS4EO;P6L0BMH8X8QT2-0H'X@#$O\ 4;M6U.6&<Q-IY&RW
MVJ1



/E0PS%O/ BYD!
MZX((P3ZD&@!=/\UH#++

MU\G:
;?;.[/O6R  
 8 JZL;2]B[M8+@+T$L8;'YT 9^J+!#I?F685-ES&
MZ%.!O


#@L
M.A/T[#UJ66*.:)HI462-QAE89!'H10!S']IZ@J2Q+=L&BU&&'=/$GF-&^S((
M7 'WO3./0U834;GSS8O=E2;YK87+*NX*(@X&
;=V3CI^M:SZ3IKQB-]/M&08
M^4PJ1P

M8@C.=YZXZ9ZU#=I=2^(+V&VAMI!)91*_GN0 TG8*=W?CBMR&*W0I!$D:DE


-


M2%=I=XP21G.







L*@J#G(!QQU/YFD.DZ:T/DG

=: 
FXGU;^T9;2SNHC]D178W

26


MU7]8NWLK RQX!

M5T*.H96&


+R[QWA-P(9(

MMKIM@IRME; @*

M/
.G2&6ZDN'^T3?ZS;D 2
.P'7'^&!Q4%_?SP:JABO)&B%Q'%)$(T$:!AR&8
M_





M3][Z_F?4T 5H]5O)4M[E1;_9KJ8PHH5B\9^8*Q.?FY'(P
9Z\5#%K5XK6AN3



M44E% T44G6@!:**2@!:*2EH **** BBB@ HI
\X[TM !1110 4444 %%%)
M0 M%%)0 M%%% !1124 +1244 +112=: %HHHH **** BDI: BDHH 6BDS^
ME+0 44E+0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 52



M(R?44 .N9KF/6;.-94%M*KAH]GS;@



I\J;%4

]AC\SZUJN&5(E7=VSP/K5&[LI
MFM#;0B-TG)$[NQ!P?O$8'/ICB@!E^94M8(9)RRW,IC=F4 AK''Z5#;2/-*D
MDLB#R3



M

B


M#--FM6FNH)3

7E/\ JPQ $C#J6'M3=)N/M.HS31'*2V4$J#&T?
TI


7%Q !YD[!B\C$A#MY5?H!W%
M!9

MS

3



M%BD=NOF11O





M
[-.N9
 F.-G7/J 2*=)!(;N&:.8HJY$B'D.


M(..PY^E6-5N9(M0M0$#)&-P+]V+(F?P#GGWJ1M






M^I.#Z+3+UV-M.58IMF6

M))_4FK- !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 56DG?[6MO$H/R%W8_P]E_

@?0G\!0

_EC/F(;C@KSG(#C\015

M8O




M


MY-7+9F_L5C'S-

C)*EN
]N#4Z7
ML;PK*JMM+



MDT )I]^+FUMFF*I-



&' V*?QY)H-Z09!@%2
PR1J9 PQW].:@MFDM]0DMR
M41II/-P^X[EA?E;UX!Y_+O3+5XMUR[2I:$SL@\LKSCK]X=RQ- %NQOA=PPL
20\PF;&T\!Y%(_)<_D: -J&X9TG,@5?*<KQD\  YJI_:4
MP25HT$;]6R1N]QZ#'))Z#]'Z;';2?:Y(EC8/*4++CY@!TS^=5+11%( %=@/
M
\QT+.5&[Y%R

MDG'Z T:6$BTJ'[

$'CN30!;MM0\V.%GB*^=(\8*\@%
M20



5\Z1-MED#*=Q&X;5' [_=[XS3[N07VA
M7DK





MMA!+ GDX!W-S]*;*8;C49/-M6G62UC(!3*X)?/S'@=1[T 6H=0#2RB3A/-\J



M'Y&*DJ


*Y _0=:CN-1DAM9W

] !QB@#;@N5G
M)I( 2\;*/P) S4U5;.2,ED6[,[8!YV\?D!5J@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *:70=64?C^-.KF9TD6\O)&C0%[

M=H[8JHD9E4)
A24R%7DRN2_WB%'3IW^OJ: -T8Y QQUIC/&)41F42
#M!ZD#



D8E$1=?
M




MBB@!


M %! (P1FEHH *3 ((P






MP._:KM% %1;


6
*)0<
1DD%1N& 5.
5



MPP2
_&<#TZ5'+K]O;Q3/






MKHPK8QSM -I\KYG#'KCHH/4G^5 '145CW?B33K2[2VDDRY*AL.GR;L8RI(8]
M1T!QWJ:#5Q.A(L[E76?R&B8Q[@V
YX;&


K+SR0

M2WAN4MKJ6WDC64RH@VHK' SDC\0
D51U.2Y3^V=EY.OEI$Z88#9G.0.. ?S]



D^BR7



M[AQ4C:[IJ(KR7.Q&@%P'=&53&2 #DC'5AQUYZ42:[IL
4LLMSY:1*'8NC+E3

MHC;P-A8$$G&2?I@=I=2U4-IUXVGS[+BVP6$D1! )Z@-C(/.#R/K5V?4K2WN%


M[4/1C@' ]^U2)JD
FJMIZK*9%C$F_P MMN#G'.
=OZ4 1?V9*NIV=TEP@BMH

M+
ZI&@+


!C(/7'T]: 'RZ+(











M9XY5:
AB0C''/*X*]
9JR-6L?

S%2B%\LC!64=2I(PV
CIF@UTNYM;EI

X)&X @'..

M* );RW^U6[0GRRK=1)&'5AZ$'J*R;?0;BUEMW@O8@L







IQ@@[C@_*O8]#Z\:4FK6


M D 9&3VH_M.R$LY^V*1!&KR(



M5;?_ '=I&0?8BK%I=PWL/FP
Q4
5.YA!!P000* 
MM#G-R;@7J&;]X%=H2

M[2R1_:-IC#LS


M
Y/)'H1Q]:UZ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@!&SM.T G' )Q6#:Z=JD']G[HK




M=G?8/S]N9HM%:+49[AK+3I_






XZJ2#^!H 9?VSW^F/#Y,CJ
\A6&,^HR*I7]OJM[:0J8+))8[
MB*7:+ARI
&Z[.Y&


CJ8K72=3M9;
.6
M%$

#SC()R.U;]4
M]*O_ .T;0SF%H)'C*




M7I71T4 4=+LQ:0L/L5G:
V-R6H^4GUSM7^549]-U*75(+MI(7%O.[Q@R
!L*
M

 ^[KM!!Y/:HVTG4&O+

M=VVHW-UIT_E6J_9Y3)(OG-PI7 .WG[Q/;ICWJIIWAX6EJUJ]CIKA4,:W 3]
MY*IXPPP,''4@G/M70T4 4-(M+BS@DCGD+*98T

MY01VCM$;.*Y-RD@8^83O+[2


P3.RN)8Y7*+EG+Y4A3T)(QCFG366J'4;RY@:VC
M
MJD
;[SD



/S54-,P4JV-O 7XQCOZY/2JBZ!J$EK:6LYMDCBL)+.1TE8
MG+8&X J

M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !7+6.F


H)[0
M'0?-[C'(-=+10!7L#(;W

M$:[5XW@84 AL@D9SWS73




XE?Y0&QCY0?H/U)JS=00SQ 3E@BG<=LC(#]<

#I0!D:M#-%JEAJ21//%;K)'(D:[F 8#Y@._*]!SS5P:A&8'N#%


J@QJP&2IYR..^


M)45+-C%C8


M$RR%-Y*\L









@2-W79M(.X $8
MR5Z^_O5.VTQ1K;M*+R&6&4&W\F!/*
7&%#[
A0

MYMB&CEE(N&MI=\I9CMRVW:

M11KN:/Y?
;W22V945=I# HJ  9V]1W)'




8!SWXKKJ* .3&HV


H

ML[.





Z-@#[KGDCZ\@YK#NY'GT75[:21YY%MVD\R*X9@3UP5/*'I\O3&:[

MTR0
FYW4S*%QN'0
/FZ\]CVKM** .7O18S:+=26^HSSIF-I ;EF\LAADDYRO


MO_L=UYY^T-G_ $EI?E['DGKSSWQ6]10!R7VF5K'4KBUOY9YH;ORR_F%Q'$67



=&!'0^E '-6ET+9=);^U2WVB]D#(UV)04(;:I.3ROR#@X
*X9AVP&3JAQC]

M

EW':!(H^8\MU49/J/6M?6;L6VKZ0

N


8:7(X+#'..@S@\\'%;5% '(
GKZ5LT4 <;?ZA#'_:XAU9SY-I
M'<08NO\ EH=W(YY!^3Y?N_-TYJQ=ZE$VIPSV]W,Q$\(?_2$V
!]V

#G[Q



9^7CMQZU/3%C579P#N;&23FGT %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 445&LJ





9/ZBGJP90R\@C(H =14$=W!)$)%E4*25!;CD'!Z^XIW



?FN%\QMBY[G!/\@: ):*A:YA56;S5(7&[!SC/3I4U !1
M25634+5U5EEX90PX/0]#0!:HJ%KJ$6ANMX
(3?O S\O7-.DGCCDBC=L-*2$&





M2@:BFJP=0R]
BG4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !6?JU

MN?F+@W4RPD8=%59Y3U( !/48SSS70556S97E87




M@3QQW^O^ J!--A6 1


M S50/*FG2-;$F&2X5$9IB2%WJF!D'@@?K6K';
EOY+W
TO)R[$!B/3( _P :
MCDTV$JJ19@3S%D98P &*D$9X_P!D=* *M^'*6





\UR@D9SE& &!@@C&!
MD=#Z\5K30B?Y9&)C[IV;Z^WM3([;9=23M*\A9=JJV
(

P1DSD=#C/;V%210-@1)(P[0&/
M_@# L+JXM=)=BK++MFD #;E&TL3G/09XXZYK4EN8UL[II=UQY8VORC@XZ?
M0Y%..EQ_89;599$$NX
ZXW$


=3DX//X]Z;+IT
T\LLA=
MO






MY^M0_8H_W9RV48


MO;I0 R[V20AI#BV4!VQU?N!C\N._2HT%TSQ3J(EG8 3P%N-N3@YYY'Y'GVQ8
MN;5+DQ[WD7RVW#8V




M\@EB\D!8@BY.TC))&#C.!_G-/L99)=/:5I9M\T7FAC'D1Y'08 S_ %JVUIEK






M)KQ


=N!N(_3I6AID4D&F
WO0 ZXO)3H]W.J%


M:
$=7SW('3^52W\$UR?*B9E&Y6+MC:N
#J3D?3^5
FM95O%D4R2)+M61E?




M_P!Y=K/
6)(R



R* !C.3U()Z]Z


M
CD8[UHP7
O]C2W!D9WC
I!!'S;68 9QCL.U

VP95&!^
MO0&K@@
EN8W
B$

$?

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH :S;5+8)P
X%9/]O-Y[P?V1J'FI$)F3]U
MD(20#_K/8\=:V*Q8Y#_PETQ\FXV-:)$)/(?9N#.Q&[&.A'?VZT 7=.OS?-=J
MT#0FVG






MQBAMWMFT@



D#ISUKG-!1H+O2#]ENHW
M:Q:.X=[=Q\^5P&8CV;&?ZBM[6&VZ1=X21RT3*%C0NQ)&!@ 9ZF@!EKJJ7%RE
MO+;3VTLB&2-9@OSJ


JA()&.@)SQ[@#4N;B*TMWGN'11C+

M=P3V)QT_BQ4?BTFO-,*VZ[Y8Y$E9QOVL&V_CBI[:_6[;;';W*D??\ .A:



M.@..




M/*;'EG[HWCC !P5)Z@\'J0#?HKEX+5SI$PM[::'6_LICEF*


M* .THKC9TQ)?3+9WQE&I0RQ


M+)*8[CRF *$G;\X&



.G3V





BFZX81HUV;B7RH_+

MZ^BN-L=4B2*TWZE
_GZ29)=L^]_
7;RH)(##Y^W\)ST-

87Z__6KE5U$XNK87K-9
M17^R:03DM%&8L_?SE1YF1G/'(XJX;JWO])CAU62:&1I  \P;S!M)'/5L' '

MC W%P78N#C)'1#SC:


M2282%7D6
.. .AY=+J:^8=VH2VQ?36D$<DJ[D8$8/3DGU
M_*@#JJ*Y'^T'BC;['?O//+IZ2X
AE.X'!95SUQG@8SBI4
BZ5))%K4-U SJP
M/F21J!@[E
I=F7.




:(O-R5PN
XZ]S5FN3CF@;42;&
M^DD

M4HJO?R+%87$C-(BK&Q+1#+CCJOO7(2ZEY$4RIJ4L$7GVSQDW?FY5CAOG;/&
M3@''![9% ';U4LK^*^:Y6)9%-O






M%.@(65 X!ZX(S27:EK295!)

'
MY&^]P


DGM7-V
M=Y?/!H=U+?2-]N;$L92

M




M;R
9S@]2: .FIJN'+ !OE.#E2/RSUK!U*.Z@ETZ.3596!OX2-3M\MF ;C!






M



MT6^
JW4D@E$J*6SL9AR


















9&WON@4[FYY/')Y//N:
MNT4 5!IE@!
!8VP$_




?4\



M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% $ C!Z&L^/1+(*(XI%VQ

MQN&#


%!ZC!;&/\!Z5



M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%












)A:0@ OCK[^_T_E52+S[ K%;6DTT!!+ L

MYH
8B=B8'A=HE3!C(X7NQV@9)8_@/PH VZ*H78D5X7W(\ZD^6JJ1NR
'//3N
F/0_C4UR\RZ?;0S.5-Q*8
MI2Q#$*0YQG\!0!KT5C6TCS2I)+(@\DS+#\G#88@GCT 'YFG3W#76EV2S('^T


MWJQJ-H*[?(#8_,YZT ;U+63:/+/JKS)+R-;QG(C/*[GX'/!S3/.(N79]S


8LFW





Q/N1UK0IK
J


MH[5
-8A\EW9263S6*QD
=J-@GM['\:MQ7&8/.G40KVW
#QVS0 RY@:X58  D

MT:NP1@=NXXQVJU%=1&9D==LA3&-QR/I0 M[$T]I)$F-S# S39K5IKJ4S$1


_Z5Y(AD/RALA3GDX_*EN;L6\T:





@$].


*I






Q







M7#RH%=)(6VNK#&#C(^HP:? L 4O $VOSE


$=0144]Q;P
MKBXEB0'C#L!G\Z 
&-8U
27
S'S1=IZ#)E [=N_-:5A*9;/9#(([I HF60LV

NTJ0

MH Q$M';1K6=7C(-O$O[Q-QZCIR



P




5VDI1(XDN2VX\%LKL 'XM^E6M0Q

M^N
?C[4T6&F13HHM;593ED'EJ#QCD?3(JWA(PS':H/+$_P!: *EHQ;4+L5F
MC144*6SAL$G]M5VF6?46A6\EDAV981 


M)/8.O'TZT00&#5X]RHN]9F 3H.8A_2M/8N_?M&[&


LI==X5=K_*
M1M!)P.


K1.8Y$;JK8!P?P(/XU'?1R

M?6M._
B1&6



0



T@=%2$J25&2
YX&1S^7

M6:QO.PW

_)^@& /RIMMIYLY\P2GR%1@D

3745S.)EA
F8D9U#=';;@'(QCK^-7HTNHK*1;B2*=U




XSC(Q0!DQP-
M;SQ(T=TSS%WE*3'#' QCYN@&!SS@M%XHQI^TJZ 1GNY)''0G)S^9H:S=I4
MD-U+N0$#Y5[_ (4LUJ\L2QF7)Y#2L@+X]N
#\J 
Z&-6:S%P
1^2V=QP
8'7
MYC6RI5D!4@J1D$'.15.;34^RK':
(9(QB-R-X^C ]1^OO5HHXP(V55 Z;?\


JR-'(\
MDA?[F%]N







M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B


1^- $5W=_9Y+V[FN9VL8(@KQ1*#AB
D@J-P





MDMNS$1A;OR





MD$;4;&XD;N6.!SP/:@#6M9VN(O
:2')X63;DCUX)_QK/.O1+C?:7?Z4+5M




MC8);2S+


MVX7=);W

KL\

^OTS4*^)+26+?;0W-R/(
_

M[FN99?ML0\RV


COWJM9:7+:WD=PURKD6R0.HBVAMI..3C
M[QX^G-27UA)/=07=M.L-S&0



M* 

.VC5VVF)F .220']!VSWK2AO/.


9#)\PYQT)ZGIQP3BN@EC\V%XV.-ZE21[BLB/1;R.





MW3I&;2;620L[&!&8\DD[1^9JO:ZY;W30XAN(XID=DEE0*IVGD8SD'OTQ[U9L

MX)XJG;Z/*JQ+=7GGK;QM%#B+:0&&

C'4\5=L+=[2QAMY)1*T2!-X7

M^TD'J

8& !CMWJ[IEFUAIT

FZM&@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH 1B%4LQ  &23VJ
ME::G::A&DEG=PLAD*'D$MC/ YX/0_3M5ZN:6QO%.E;M.9GM;N1FD#QY6-MXS





M*MNB!+X(.?F_VAS_ +/TRZ[6::ZF/V:7[/\ N6N@/*9D9 &QN


C!/4GT%2Z


\XA$;!X_FV]1DMV]Z -T



MX


M;*S2W\
R


D$A0O
MITQUH Z!-VQ?

_-9C64D$=H
M;/3;H9NQ/

\8GN\QMNC.00!G ;/&WGC





_<2N.N


MD=_9RPO-'=P/$APSK(J_4YXKG)=.UXBMX4L'AQIS6[EWCV[]RG!PQ)!V$9


M\D[ D*DBGIVZ]?;V-/CU73I96BCO[5Y%SE%F4D8Z\9[55NUD2_6\DAVVWV-U

MTM].
$$
EJ&W

+D%-NT9/0G

XZ52U#51;7]E:PO [S3B.52_SHI(
M.T?[IZT[P_!-:Z%9V]ST
L401D)4\CC.02*R?L.HAK.'['-MJ#3M.95R(






MCD^A]JJW^GWDK:G; RI?X,=QN4 A0.03G@C(P#U[4 6&U5Y]:DT^RFM-T





BB
[0.%7C&?3.2/8B@#4HKD]5




5\]\UH5E
MAF@4*9 

X]: .B



N



'MI#  H&Q
M '55
M1DU-!=/;V]O/=21D7R@N(\^I8@9QS@9//2F:,BRP'4&MTAGO KO@#. ,*1



M&R1G/?- '3U3@OC-J=U9&%D^SHCARP.\-NZ =/NGK6;H-M$NHZI*UK(LOV
MHF.6:)@2I50=K

MB12_\71#\PP3C


7EO'/)JD45A
T
M#QV\R*UJ^&8






$9//

D]1@@@X_0U:1%
MC1410JJ
ZN

K['!(_(USL=V\5Y







M8]AD\#V'%35R7VF5K'4KBUOY9YH;ORR_F%Q'$67)V*0.!NZ8/!P:E2)HM/2^



G.X=B*
M.QHKCM1O#Y.JF.]GW364


74 D8#(?N'!X X




[AR.Q]ZTID
%W$
/4GD_4UAV%S#INJZFFHS)!)<7 DBDE.U9$VJ
M 3P2


\G'7O
M^M





M
J[V8X4_=P#T&


M[$R




M=HKG8]:U*.W


9Y[XH VZ*P+#5K^\^PY%M']NM7F0;&/ELNWKR
@[NG'3K5C2
M[Z]O/(65X!)'O%VBQ
-K!L +EN._)SD#M0!KT5EWFI2VNJQ02;8K=PH61XV*



:E@PPLA YY.2

.40X&3CJ?7 _6L^^UB_@:_\N.V6EJERVY


M0J@G +

R9&





M;LW(B(D9MY&]MI;^]MSMS[XS5RB@I9Z=;64DTEN) T[;Y-TSN?7#$X/^ J


M#8WL 2.F0#@X]Z9%IEI#-)+'$5


M[)_'.
GUK0HH J?V;:_;&NQ&5F;&\J[ /CH64'!/N13#I%BWF[X2XEC
3!Y&
M8!#U !/RYP
XQG%7J* *T-HL
XD1WB/8$+L1USG!.,^^,^I-6:** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBJ&J02!Y)+B

(N4$


M1DY![^_?-9MF(1'IH:$9$'.;-SSM7\Z .C!!&001[4F]2Y0



A!R*H:@RAHIW67R(!Y




X]S[@4W$(QF:/DX'S#K3GD2-2SNJ@#)).
M




MULI+R8*SPR3E_P!TS*YW%0!C_= K1L


XD;H8V]_4@?C5K



W
T@5-I#[?F.?O' Z_3 YZ
M57LM
^Q6T\


QL77)P1C
M@# 'Y4S2M1:]BB

[L(XS;XQ&68@R


!9/LH4EQC:3#

M;%5K/3O)7



MC(R
E1_

M@4QI

\\JWD5O$J?/&SDMGC!4?^S4 5SI9:=Y#/P9_

84K@]0:?'-/\ ;!#*(\&




MNDW5S&A$\

\57AOY7E\LR6V1&LA;) Y+#'7MB@2
MPDLY5^RW&(&;=)'(F[)[D$8P3QZCT J6\M9+NVEMWE54D4J2$Y _.F6FH++

MA
9_'-



S $[0.G0=S_(U#I.I?;=/LI95;SIX5=ML3!02
S6
(D?R#OD6- 21DDX_^O\ A5N(SE\R&(QD?P9S



D@$'DY]A5

@

JD
W;P6GF(F)N0K$<'TZ\_A0!*;?-Y'. $C:/;CU*G_V7]:;=










CKTSI790:K;F2-G7R).B%N

MQ#UJ#5!.7GG1UB%O'A7*G^+!/((_NBM.6:*!0TLBHI. 6.!FH6O[+:VZYA(7

M/N0Q_&MRF0S1SIOB8


M.Y (![C/?%;DMU##O\QBH098[3@#ZTJ7$;R!%W9(R
H0/S(H I7[)?Z/.EO*

R16;4


M@)M#/

W&<_@?J\W<'DI
T@
M6-R K


TSF6.*28%7+MCRPN


%*0R&4+T &
G!Y]JNB\A:-75F=6Q@JC'.?H*?YT8=D&2RX)









X


ICD;$G(#?
%/\_3OVJ.:Q$D$D8GD1I?\ 62#&YATQTXX]
M.E #5OI3IS71LI2V RQ(0S./;_Z^*N Y .


?\ UZZ




@ ?C4FESQO= 3+$LA'R
#PQ[[./N
MX[U=7381=R7+
@]J *+27




%E?:ETL:J)6*[?+!Q[\FI;ERE]+M)!9HUSEN



MT;(TI*!@-TA(YZ\=!^% %:U=VU*X2-'B/V2%E$A)VEC)P1ZC JC&I.G012R2

MYYSS^/- #;
NMM

4





M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@




?KBM&]N3:6
UR(FD
2%]@(!.!GOQ6=_8DV^X
MD^W$R37$=Q@Q#:K* .F


=Z#8&Z$@D$_@#[T'2+
MLL3]NB.;3[



MZN3_ &1=@*[L864*B%B21@8 YK)71Y]1TI?.N@DCVAMX]ULRF-6QNRI8$M\H












XV[V0;\YQ@
M[MO..Y&

6.223R5PA!557=P
CN3U/X

D



!G


0<\FBTU^WO)+000S-'=;@LN4VAESE3\W)X[9
M!ZC-1'0[@W,]S]N19FN1<1%8#A#LV8(W?,OT[U-J5N]U:Q6DLDINBZR+-#$
M55




M




VEQ#<1QBW+':\1;<2




O !8FU@
M#4;%HYMUE<02OM6)BY9HZ8W9Y/&
\&KDFL6

3#(GF!TC9@%_O' .T


MDCF)90%)(924//)R



;7M/6;RA)
SD

E59]*U61;S69



M7;WH W(IHYH4FB=7B=0RN#P1ZU376].8.WVD*J(9-SJRAD_O*2

.1R
]:G%
MJGV VH5(D




M^E %J35;91)M

MUO?Q^9;
[QX!#F-E# ]P2!G\*RK/1'LGF*V6G2R!I'BN2-LIW$D!CM..N-V3

M*?I]LMK;-;:WMLG)BMQ\@/Y#/UP*S+'1397DL@L[4F1Y8[EEQ



=6FNY+33[D7&UF:9

MD_

MQLN5/ (R/F!QP1G-7T

M9YF(SD_
)9%_=&0*!G[V.!G!
M )[^O2K)U2UB:**:4B1]JD[&*AB!@%@


)1'.N8Y.&X/8GG!YQ5:YTA[BRCLEM+

MD4^75+.&2-'E/[S: P1BHW?=RP&%SD8R1FJ

MR)!(Q1'56*
P[;L8S[9I^FZE%J22ODJB*1HSYD;+D@D=Q[?AWKT5&U2&1(



5:?7=-CAGEEN/*



M


MU=0U5(]/N9]/EMKB2W.'7S
0&.)MCE9 <-_=Z]:

-U;CH


Q@G+/(
MI0%$*E2.2#R2#@?W?I0!?6\M7F6)+F%I6!*H'!)QUP/:HWU.P0S![VV4PX\W
M




@N(;ZVW6#P1)9+$S;DPK YQ@-


M$


@YSV'?@ '0O?6D3!);N



M0!IRZQID+[)=2LXV_NM.H/\ .K*7$$DTD


#\L4 3/=VT=P

231F[@WPC=*OF#
8ZY89X'UJC%;SQ7]TDUC]H


M.OXH]-BDTX2Q6EK-;RAI$^?(7&!GD';WQWSCO/!8WL?A[3XA;W


L[G  ]




R[G*
^ #IEU&R



YI-9M9KO3FCMR/
#H



;


&4W2 ;AP
C


5BUO-+NC.&W C



N


MHHHH 0G S5?3[Z+4;1;F .$+

)_*$BJW
MR
2.6;&

M7K'7(V%P+F&Y*^6(IR@V?\ //HRYYWCG)QT%;5K)!):J]M,)H25=9/
S^.

NIM!-=+:7K


$9XZY_'- &J\[H@;[/*?D+D#:2,?+UY//;
M(X//3,D,J3Q++$VY&&0:Y[3=1675M+3^T/,$^G%C$9 07!7GU)^]U]#[UIZ/
M]R\V8\O[7+LQTZ_-_P/;J )KF_BMKVTM760R73

MCW
RR
B8R(UW&N52[$MQI5PTLTE_Y[BX@)9A$_EN -G11D@9&
CDYZT0_:;K

J*68A5 R23@ 4ZN2U QW%E




6!4G,C$$'CL1R* -A65AE2


MUG:0RW$\5D\TRW$QN'&R0
=JE\Y4'GH1R!GKSO:++
VG%[IRP620)(_5HPQV
ML?PQS0 6VN:?=21I%+(#(Q5#)!)&K

_



\KS_MCTH Z9+V)]0EL@'\V)%D;*



U:.@3QR17<
=


M])G2#4[_ $B^^S1-.?.C@CFW##CYE&0#G(+8Q_%0!T*
'174Y5AD'VIU8)GD

87Z__ %JY
S7$&A:@;B]FCN=-ADB
WFMA


D#./6L!-0O4T)]8%SYQ


\2DQD$#'&!@







M1NXSZU-%$D


R+!%
N5 VEBP(&.WRCKD^] &

M0




M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11


5K;P-NA@BC.P)E$ ^4
M=!QV'85#)I6G2F0R6%JYE.Z0MIWGU/')YJY10!6&GV0E,HM+?S0Q?RUR2.



#%+10 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444

L
;2%5ZG S@4 3T5ER7VHBY
$=A;R%(DE;
M_2B#SD$#Y



M84RXOIQ=/;V=LL[1*&E+R[ 
74D=JC@;O-
MD -T*YZ9!R/PIR:G82;O+OK9]H#-ME4X!&03SZ<T 6Z*KB^LR(2+J#]_P Q

-V6.5Z@#K5A=(N-QWWD;(QF+ 0$'$GON[
M'VZ?G6Q10!FVUG*+Y99=P
401F  29@.& R2


TIC)88(;(YQG(YYJ9]

_9&[
MON)_UE;U% & ?#LBR7#QW:;I22ID21]N7#L

MU

M)\ML#Y1U/KSZ:$VK0VLGE2++)L9(I)44;5D; GG()W ^@SUZ4 :-%9EOK44
MXC/V:Y3?YHPRJ2IC.&7DY/'&
U!%KA94


XX)Y_3FLAKR]?2)M92Z*K$LDBVNU2C(I/#'&



M8ZU=L[Y+Q[B


PR!RP)X[@$?C0!I45BOXFLT


62V3S?/17!W*-H8X&02



I+G

M88(]L]\U
-#A6XAE6XN (IY)UCRI4L^=P.5SCYF[]_IC4HH R)?#\$UF]J]U

, XR,'UK5HH R(- CA9;Z[D/(^U_+P3)][
M.$'<D_C6C:0UM8H!(\@C4*&?&3CUP *FHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
%QE9V/_
MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C
M8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V/_P  1 /' D<# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
QQU% $E%9?AQY7T=#--),XFF4O(<L<2L!G\
M!3+QI(=32:[246N](XI(;EED\?.@P#EB!_%VZ<T :]%%)0 M%5_-N/^?;_R
M(*6-YI)&66 )'MX._))[C% $C2(C(K
JESA03]XXS@?@#3JP4BEFF=V7_4S2




3R_
WKL(SNSQCZUE)%'_:



M/4\4 ;BL&4

3;O
7/R
Q/+8))7]30!NLRHI9B%4#)). !0KJQ8


#
'=W!R
?0UHV


X!^]]3S0!H;E]1^=LKJ&1
M@RD9!!R#6.!EY=
7EL1QLR+AV4$D#CMD_D?2M&





HE) V!C_#C

MSY5B

\.L#;=BL.A&!D\\\D\U;HH ***2@!::P8J0A ;L2,UFZA=36;V\8N,O/*
MJ?ZK. 3@DX^H'U(JY2 97NA)&1QP ![YH @2QE0N1.OSL6/R$<GZ-4ME;/:





:=2^
9;Z=/SJFVLL)!








XE7Y#E8MXR


M!4Y7J


:2D)B
_*H SV]0:G:X

@
MW

^9)@0$@0LJ1L1O);/;/05<M;F*[B




MR3Z'V]:?=1(UE ((H6:+A
%0)%SQV'&:T** 
B[LUMX4.^61\[% 3(^9U8



\*F5F

M0_NRQE=




/'%Y#?



^M-&G3*94C*B(W$4B[R22JA
\_\!/6
MM6B@#+U&$R77F0QJ\PA=%&W.')&3T &#W[T^U01Z@^^)U9HEY3C*DY.1P

 #^6?QJR(8QG$:C(QP*DHH QX+=GN)X
MA$0OVT29(P JJN
?B
?G4VC1$:?*DJ$9NK@X88R#
Y'X$5I44 8*6:V!$J[
M(2?*R

J6S*2

R.'+7$LEO.@6
M1'09!8X Z8)XZC\ZAB@*:%*3&^YGEE52IW /(S#CUP?K6S10!GW
1EU2 !5*

;%
M)65V!Y; X^8YSQBM&*%UED;[N$6.//(P!DG\SC\*LT4 95Y:E+W3&C5W/VHO
M+)C)_P!3(


G;^Y;J.WXUHKFV@(*JYR=JQ)MS[8S^M6** 
R2#[/ ]U.\JS





M) !R/;D5;H **:K$LP*
H!X)QAOI_P#7IU !113))%C4ELG )P!DG'H.] #Z

M** BBB@ HHHH **** D(R



#LFC7.




M
?VR#=1 B:WX+@'^'/'X'\JZRB@!JLKJ&4AE(R#D$5S=K?QKKB,MW-Y+&=)
MO.N-V&!&/DZ( ,XZ'')]:Z:B@#DK2:,:5I=Y%-++P:VE2*X91E@=O . V[

VF66W5+MVW+L5MI?.2&Y'?KQTJQ=2M)8IJ<-P4CN)!-Y<]R\2M&%


*./P

/L
 D*B5-J_P &


S





^W- &9H?FSJLD_G+);)]F9
M6D?#.I.YL$\@\8)YYZTOB:*673$
:-(D5Q%++&HR616!(QWZ9_M.)88PBD



E1MZ9



M*1'%O#1&]/[T_* 4EZ/CL&ZDG/(J1)KFYUR0/J7V1XYE



:PZ^1J

6OVI$ GF@=&

=#^=1:H(8_$NFS


DPU5;Q)$&Z(*_[I

M[JWND#VUQ%
ASAHW# _E0!-11

^D5KN SM,53((_(HVXYW$\Y/'Y:HTZQ5956RMPLW
H$2XD_WN.?QI
M3869MTMS:0&&
Y2

MU6[:/3Y[J]4)=6






<XS[UT
%E:V\;QP6T
22
M$EU2
*&/N!UJ)M
TXP^4]C:F( #:8EVX'3C';)H S[NXO+&_C$EQ/+: +N=5



M6$P)+'RFY/?BN9DNK^TTN(6U\S;M

BJ1C@\'D$-D^E=8      .@



1J

(
KCG




M?#%K)!J
[W$=CYY01HQ.%!^=B
!1G&/O'U-6=5U34(4U0V]S$ODV4=Q$1$#M

8&0.G X]A1=16
8[BV?:B&

MBVAE= 0K2(&(!X(&?6C[':B5)1;0^9&-J/L&5'H#VH YXZQ?V]BRSL1=EHAN
MDVB(!VQN1U!&WTR1WS3KG^TT.G)?7PC8WI4MZME/+9AN)0#.1Z 8]^:WEL
MK1%E5;6%1-_K (P-_P!?6A;&T6%(5M8!%&P9$$8VJ1T('8T -U*.YEL)ELIS


_3TIEO
MJES'_9OVB_SOOI[:0.$7S%4N%SP
'*J.

D/[THRIE/\

M





[L7=@




@8\=SDY'2M^33;26[^U-&PFVA69790X'0,
M<-^.:KR:!I\K7#.DY^TG=*/M4N&/&.-V.P_ 8H K:CJ-_I[KNFLY FZ-8GW


^TU;4KH6@ M4:[LOM*G8Q$9&W((S\V=P]

MEW9O]

7

M&UCMK966&
856




M%D
S8)9I7;H
#@G'0FB33+26Z^TO$?
)!;#L%8CH64'#8]P: 
M]8U!7N&\J


K_ &J*

M*9!*3]HDW%AT.[=GCL
\4 4SK%SM%XJQ&S^U?93'M/F []F[=G'7MCIWIEEK
M%]*]FUQ';JD]S+;




M<RQBV-G


D=
\]:FM]+L[:6*
M6&':\48B4[V/RC.



M6%TRT6Z-RL;4XW$
M2



MW

[03Z@=SZU/:VT5G;

G7K:WEU#3WETU+YLNI38A)&W/\9 Z^]5!+J&C:4?FM
MH2/-F2WEW2NJCE8QM/0#JW(''!K=N-/M[FZAN9?-\V$Y0K


M3-3U&.STNYO[BV:TNH\N_DL'5MNX G=CGGG'H

2+*R
DS
M.P*CH
$X_P#UGU-0MI4:P16
-O$MBK*[;G+



MNHD


M2203RV5'8=.E #X_%-A+#OC65W$R0F./9(07.%)96*X/U_6K4NK2)9[*[B
M61T0R
%VHS' !PW/) R

MW4-$DOKKSFNU 62*6
-%N




]
M1P







MP

1N+;LK]_C[[?I^



?.(=KD #Y0P/W?8@]

D

GKBH9K&ZN((!-
M=IY\
JR!TAPO&1C:6/8^OX=JL:A:?;;-X-^Q^&1\9V.K8]B!0!!)JC)&[C


M'W1V/?\   MOK-M'O


@%SJ#-BV$&(H@@X.5;G)R

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH S]5GO;:VEGM?(01F1A*?
QDE
M1@C;P.O/7I5P


M)DB1'5))Y8G9=YQA 1@ D'J2.2
 \U)I%M?6.F&&6*W:83.ZA9FVD
Y8Y.W(

G5KPQQ
M0D7 C5KB



?H#5O9]G@6
M.VB& 


_6I]4N@B*$N8DQ/$ V&^^N<
M\]*6
W




6!5\]
M1TS\M10786!/-+


M3S-)'PR.WKWQ^'!J'4K



U6=0C,D)PM*Y!XP0#V)#$ T 48;BZN&CE+^4Y&$C?@.1N8<\X[?_
M %Q5ZY=HS;J7D#%U&Y0
-Z@BL[[)-*Y^TZ?OCW%M@6/D%1\I);INW'_OGTK0

MM_
:-5S*[YPO P%/(ZDY_#WIRPS?VPLAC(ACMR@D+ [B64_7M4D\;?:X9$B+


.H
$A=8E1OG9@0S


M*L60EAEEW6\JK(=[





XQFI[J*1]
:)5+2% 
9YSQWILU@A0D&1B)
M1




A+R62Y$@DE2.6Y

M$*J[-Z8P3GG& :A%O(TI=HY5V7#2*5*\_*5[GW-30PL+B5F6;$J@$LR\8]

M]_TH SY;V;SVG%[;^7!F


A#95U0\=VZ5/6&)IS&99X2)_-A+1K_ 'L#BM&*V:&Q
3 S2.2TGS8#
M$G)Y[#M0 Q-6MG16Q
 TGEJ?*8ACG ((&









#'8
3<S


07W






MH,LQ/8I4970
C!E89!'0BJ


%


DD'.X]1T

0K1W87F
M
@9V
01SR
&M4'RXLR





MN6XGU/[%;7!MS'!YS

MI/LIBLX[@C:&#

5)&!1MX 8@$\\D=^M0W


^/Y$U)4<_\ Q[R?[I_E0!'=6OV@QNKF.6)M

MQ'(3@9X.Y0*U1'++ID



MRE3\QZ&LK3L23PG#B5I91YS)\P4
W&67VQC/Y5KWC3)#
P

$
MA9MR]
 <\T1V\44TDJ [
MY
;B6)Z= 



M[3[U$ 4%M@/5

MO#%#^[B
68Y=F\'')!0_W1WJXME(UA:VS


\L



C2M.IO3

M-I]DCDW.))IG

M&JNEVE[9P6EM*8?)MH1%N1B3)@  XP



P_G5FB@JT$T=T);=T\MS^]C?\ FI[&F3VCRZC'<8B*
M+$R$.





M'S[RPP3TSE2
#- &Q14


M.HJN+^S*2N+N K#_ *QA(




MP?PJ*35K.:VB:[AW77

M5D4AV]!SR:LT %%4-.U-+^:ZB$9C:!AC)SO0C*N/8\_E5^@ HK(O];AB6YBL


B)I



'O0!8HJH=2LQJV
M'VB/[2R;Q'N&2/I],GZII[B&VB
MQ-'#&.KR

M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1137)5&8*6(&0HQD^W- '/WVC7-S-J

M;:Y'





M@%/H YJ6PN[J)'ET[RVALY+=H=R
)B=NW'.-HP3\V#STK:TI)(M+M8Y8C%(D
M2HR







\=A







@T 9.F
MVDD.HW

M/!K8M;@7





3C@_+@GFL^TL-0A@T




9[U9T.Q%


M&1^@DVLAWJ2

;G;!.

%HG+A6ZE'9#^!4@BB&)((ECB


MKYZ-=P?9W0

M+##&XMKB224%D@10)!U.1[=\\CO5Q&WHK@$!@#AA@CZB@#D8+-'-DSZ=*T
M=MJ

M+3[E62[MFMPMJ_RJHC#;




MD#YL%

MP%4


FTD-X7DR8I !


G'?%=C10!P\VI&.VU(1ZA-#%Y
$L#&Z\UB26#?



MZ582XN%O+^W^UDR.DSI.DI;RN?EW1'[N.@(X;'J:Z6FNZQH7=@JJ
DDX H R



N=DWDRX3[0R9;

MY;N9KF;;/*FJ1W:HEKYAVM#O SLS@C822V
@]^U;=GIZVEW=W N)I&NG#LK[


MDR
NII?POAD*!R$]1N9V)^A/'XUL44 4M9EGATFYDM0YE5
C8
L/4@=R!DUS

!TRW-K-YT17
MA_-

TK4+:+

_
/6I!J$C:19W27XN%C
PD4W)C:0[L

MXEMM8@?S=\3!$$S&-P2QRRKTDR.H/( XZULI/#(42HQ==Z@
#N7U'J.1S2


M98)_[
\.WOG:E

MB2X
QW98

M% !1110 4444 %%%% !45Q

@]J 
A]1O;73C

QK'N&UG( !))R.1SQ]*KWFL7]@\UO)';3S1^2P=0T:E9'V=
L00



M]*5-&L42Z58GVW1S*#
YR?;GCMTQT'I0!G6^MW




+$N59
MG


=?:MTC(



'CEL]\\_6M@:-8XG!CD/VB19
M9-TSG+@Y##)X/ Z8Z#TICZ!ISB4-'

M
JAXW4JRMR
$&H+73;6TF



MO;-$[POCY7E=MN.FW)^7\



M$-#(%:(0E$GD1=@_AP& Q4=UHD/ES/:*WVB2-8R9;B7#*I&!G)P?]H#(R3WH

A7X!)R6(X)QQZ56\46R32Z6WV.WNI?M14)-@
M!AY;G!.#QP#TZ@5?TRSFMMS2EEW#'E_:I)P#Z[GY_ #\ZEO-.MKV6&2X$A:!

M#


[-:ME)@%4C:IY.UNY)

K8/4$@Y(.!D'@XYH YW3V;5;9GU([VBT




4?UJQ;:+8VLMO+#'*K6Z&.+








%4 D#J
?#;&Q/VAIV

M$B

?RI+?0H[=(@+RZ8Q3/
K$H#E\[APHX
M))- #+/5KV\L3=)I\2+O9 LES@@JQ4ECMP!QVS_6FVNNM?6UN;.WCDN9UD8(





\
MYYXS^%7([O\ =3-N
[(-VV.(CCL.^35;4+&2Y\J1U$CB:
A1]U$# MUZ\#K4


 851P!_]:@#.
MBNKA+J\DED18U=8P#N*Y &6''&=V
9_A^M37LEP$M[9F027#


%2/0]SZ






LTY&[9G/;C.*T&@E:_CE)C$




#Z5GFYN$749'=G2V)PH< @! Q&=ON:OWD<



MO




R1LN

6-B0.F







'59)'1%!#.A7J3W/7IUR:T.M4(X7;2I
MK26W&0C1[7.Y)
CVYQSCL:M6B&.S@1HUB*QJBG(7CH* )J*** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

MRJ\;R;[1=QLL$

 &+AI
_




'V]
TEU:7TMS=2Q6+!1+!

@4 ;*7
M]G(L3)=P
<]JSI+*Z+RWJ6;
M O=Q3BV#IOPJX8]=NX_7H.M-%EJ/FQRM:)^[U%IPJR@DHR,N3TQR1ZGK0!N7
M=U#96LES<R.*


69AC/3JIZ5;UBWDN]'O
M;:$ R30.B G')4@5B7MG?W#7[#39-T^EBVC.^/A_GX^]_M#VX/7C(!T$EW;1


L4XB=0MV46%E


MMI) 4#H1
2  %Y^[D9^;!&!Q6YI221:7:QRQ&*1(E1D8@D$#'8D4 !U/3QG-








MSM1A*-K-Z9_ST-.UJVGNK)5M\%XY8Y=A.!(%8
5_'%9EW:7DEOJ$\5A*'O#&


X*#C(]?PK9C=GB5VC9&(R48C(]N1G\:Q-%T
MI?WD]]9SQ3YDF199]Z?
Y8$*&*@@$=NM &LE]:22R1)=0-)$
R() 2GU':J


I4CGG.


JX]CS^57ZP5L;S3M9M[B#[5


$;Q_





:@MA]HC^TLF\1[ADC


M@#ITSR3R.I=?VNH2?;UALMYN4B96






MM&/O%1D\X'IF@#6N+TP:C:6GDLPN-_P\W#[1G&.IJY7


MPDN
QA6*

5R1-'#;N@FC\O /E'G ;&0
M


M!LLI]1D].: .RHK+OV$N@!GM);D
J;H2K!CR
[E^]@=2



MX..

='X^8GZ9H ZZ"*VB6*)(HU




L;-+ =R
M/N4J3N&1QNP3[]S0!U=%06;P26RM;(4BYPIC

MB@ HHHH *1AN4@YP1C@XI:* *UA86^G6Y@M5=8RQ;#2
_)Z\L3WY^I/K5FBB



M

O]* )A
M?Q;I P=1'+Y3
1P#@'\!SUJU7.0;8[J[

COTX]36W






AT6XE1YA
M+AV




MCOHI6VQK*V'V$^4PGWR*D$;[$'F;%P1&!C\

;0

5

LOF#*.6

N
M68*/U-8UJUU 8IH5#/=2


'.#TQZ]#^5

3:C
)'E$
S^6C9AN9 #U!]=W_?-6+M5O;FXMF(B6-6


C=C).1@'. /K_A6?8-+=3QW5R^


M=MYUN$9E! 5V3GU5B#_*I:R[&:5+Z=(1E))F3S'J3O;@GM]:T(':2-WJ


@CUI
M:* *_P!CM^


?-SN#$L#D '@^P _K-% %2VT^WM)2\/FC
M(QM,SLH^BDX'XI(;6*!V= =Q+').<;CDX_$U/10!#]EA\R238-TNW?_ +6.


M.G0]34U% $?E)O9R

M$JP() YDWXYW'.3G\33HK2&*XDG12))  Q+$\#T';\*GHH A%K&K.PW@NVXX

9O(3S2^\O


M23U^II\4:0Q)%&H5$4*JCL!TI]% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444R:))H7BD&4=2K#U!XH ?3$D20$QNK '!*G/



ME7]Q?K Q:(!8O](41D%9
D;0=QQ@ALCGMZT :M
21'+!'5BAPP!S@^AK.U?4








\#'/YU1M+NZL5GM;.W1[F:]E


MYSR  1[U5&H:M=6ND7*7-K$+Z1?D%NQVYC9L$[^1Q[4 =-16-;7U^]Q)9S26

MV8S_ .E1BY'G0R1_O!Q(!O X^[TK4UFYN+.Q-S;F(+$RM+YBD_N\_
1@C! R

M4U_J
\

M@%@
\=3S0!=J&2ZMXIHX99XDEE_U:
X#/]!WK'N=7OHI;PB.W$=I=10D?
Q=
M7V=^


KW*]N(%B-O82^7+&RG?

MXFCCE\.:B)$5P+=V 89P0I(/U!H U**YNTMY;29[VVLHM+MTMB'29D5)'X(8

MH[FTFD@MHWCC-NRJ6)?_ &R1G;CKZ=


($?DN
ML@B3A1@







@RXZ'AN




M0^?)G?C&XG=ECCC)SQ4=WJLMIJ$

M/.UL9+
PQ3S209:4%E=-W4 8Q\IYS^?6@])IEI+=?:7B/F$@MAVL1T+*#A

SD


 \_*?R[59&I33W+1V=J)DB*+
S2;&4L ?E&
' ()Y'MF@!QT6P))\J
M0'+






@











9QFKE% &;!H.GV[1M$DZF)F9/\ 293@M][J



M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4UT61&1P&5A@@]Q3J* 
6;1A;:=
L#
M7-VZ0/%;QNZ_(&&

MS6S10!ESZ-]HM8H)=1O&


]U).9[A3
:<+N[M;@W
\36S%D6/9@D@@
MYRI/0D?C5VB@#'70%6:*7^T+PF.X:X /EXWMD'^#I@G\Z2+P[#&J WET^UI&


UP+CG9A6 QP-




UTSW5RQN)DG.2GR
A&W;\O^R!SGI1)H4
K7+27-RQG9

R3-

M::
*5#2$;@/3*@5GGPQ;&UDM_M5T%D@6W8KL7Y 20


30O=.'

NZ



.5R%8XYQT- $E%4-%O)K_34GN4C2
M4R2(RQYVC:[+QGZ55EU6=);B8&#[-;SK \6T^9DD#=G.!][ICD=Z -FBBDH
M6BL674+BU:YF:(2*78*/




D

6/

M8_VJ +U%9NH272)$NY%
DH4



S

M$8#;BH/ R..
DXQ[5)?RW

5J7:$-Y@#



M%58KR.YMI'B)#)E9$)PT9[@^A%5$E$LD:13.S/R/WIZ=S]WTH U:*S&N)(]!
M

?3V_&@#6HK

LR


G&W/7/6@#2HK+DN9H]7EC&#F
M)

MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@A?K?O,BP6]M+;@9(EG96^@1N





NHV@$
M
U@#L5

M&


MD_IQ5F&X29V50P*JK'/OTIMW=I:(C.&8NX1549))]O;K^% %.QL;JR2W\DQ;


ZWUQ*\[-X41Q$#$#DCZ\?E3H+N*XDD2/?N
MCQN#1LN
_44&ZB%R(

*J_W@V_.YR26)'IDU;1
5R,
M\TXW\ MX)B63C*?+S]TM_(&@M-;2!;:R2%WC\U99)\C&58.<CKDMZI+^W





M+2^2B
,<=^?P]*O1RK)$)%SM(STY__ %U E['(DSJDFR(')*[<D=0
T .M_.EL





1CMXH5B:
M1T0*



YZ*N#G]?\\4R+3S&P




RQE@

M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** DI:0\CKB@
M#+OT;


MQ.2?QJ-+2%)I9HPR/*
-M8X/OCIGWZT 95\WG?VFB

#/(QT[UHR


*
M

D+^)Q^ /K4VJEU



CI\Q_R*
MCCN1;JKO%-L55*




'T%6YXBNI:?'

#GYC

MKHHQ@1NW3O3Y;.60R/&#(0OS=QM)(_(F@#&LXF-W;KM&8I%++M *_NWR3W
M[I^E2R1SR:Y')$?W9B?:KNWS .F2#GCKQV^7WXU#:0%8QL_U;[U.3G=ZY_GZ


4$

M-AZ9'/ 'T)KH5554*H  &  .@J$64(ABB7S%2)0JA967@?0\T 4K)4W7EQF=
MHW(QE\;N 3A1@ Y.
]2:S4L[S[/)(RQN%EE9P9&X^5QCG.0
C%=!;VD5L6
6

-OXU?

9B6
KE%Q@'GITJ
V-L1@Q9'U-



LB221([QYV%ESMSUQ41L
OH30!4U%5VRR309A0;FP%S)@=,YSCMC'-5[T\J.U\J)PT.U)HVV

XZ\G
AH R;O%OJ
M;O([,#) QZGDF0<#Z K-HT(U8QQKL$<14!CSN9MS*/H
''N*OM;HTKR?

M*K$'&0


?



M8^7DTHLD@/ &:2-=J21L=NO7T]*DL8G@LX8Y-N]5&[;TS[4 'VK_IA/_WQ


MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

MTO55TF&U\NR
D=Y]HSY[8(\WS

MP3D ]




K%3R


=
'US0!L/JUE&)BTC@0NJ2?NG^4MT[=/?I3VU
M&U6[%LTA$A.T'8VW=_=W8VY]LYK+N+&[O8KEK&6U
%Y%$RRLQ;!7V P01WS^
M%/MM%
6I2SS6FGSAY1


MFLR;^#G!'R#KP
O/2
MJ T?45-KCVOD6MZ;E)#NW


\$

M=-YY./8=/PH S[N]U%-3NX8I[)(H($G EB;)!+ @MOX^[UQWZ5/;Z[9R06K3

M5O
;=#?
S1




MK5?G




M[


9]LYINF1316$7VH@W#



M (R/K5:UTK5(1IX9+







\\56
MATV\&BR:1

$G*-M.?O'L
\=*UGCD6S:.W

M'I[4 5!KNF^1+



M2I[C6=/MI9HI;D!X #*JJ6


3/CR
M0I;Y&R0QPI7CY@3P
9R::-5LIHHF6Z:/S)O*4

MB^R1
UK%)F)RK$G^#C.XC/.

$C)4Y.1_


XZ5DVFDZE:_P!G +:2+:6CP$F5E+
P7'\)

M1%+
Q\M.

]*9JEK=7-UI




#(%
N](U69KQU^Q




DZ2V\I7.1M# C!/#?I[5





N<57U.*6#6+/4EBDFABCDBD6-=S)N

@C'(




M;PC
.^U@

D;&4
SN%C746;;#;R+$(F0_P (X W$=??W  .Q
MIJER6WJH&?EP<Y'OQQ65X;&RRGB\F6%4NI?+1XF0!Y*[00.
$=*QVC!NXH_
MLU^4_M1G;

Q4QE
9)Q@C=CKV]J .OHKDXHF&ELJ6\T8M[R9XHI;)W3;O)0;
M 




PR1Q0!MT444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%


M94M]X


M7$]S$Y

#;G!Z_UI-(N1+?VQLK



C..N:;:

AN)'42
HVL 3P


#MR
7<W 9



8^3!5


M^?4$AN;JWBO7DM%GB


M7J?6@#L2RJ00QP



U@&M420A9
MB4.X@#ASG@CG&

PW[2#G[VW(]

MI+L=-PSMD7##V(J2LO7)FA2UWR-%:/-MN958J43:V/F'*C=MYK/EGMDGM8)M
M3G_L]XG





(A_ C.D@V^G#8Z
M9SFNAMX7;1?)FNC=




W+#]YN/
M0YR3Z D^E '3;CY@78V



M*J2N0


BSRQJ
M3AW*E3MP.V1Q_C0!TE4[:P%O?7-T+B9VNR-MVK@8&
 'IZDUE7%U?P?V@1
M?LPLY8RH
:?


 ?=X[C/6MS4[J2PTGS8Y3*P9(S
MX' +!2YP .
D]






]NX6)0 %WX8=3GY.Y(YZ'K0!T;R*A4-GYN

\''((_G3
MJYQ;[46FM(C=Q@27TUO(5A&2%5B
9)QC;[]?P
(U34IH;2UAF3SII;B/SW=8




T5+*[

MX)%


$1F48$FP;@/KUJ:B@*:V@NIGACE*9VET!QD8.
^HXJ!-*T
MZ






IVX]*5;2V21Y$MXEDD&UV %AZ$]Q4U% %9=.LDMC;)9V
MZP'K$(EG\

21TM)I
M(PD:;?


$')+=/O'KS[?2IWXT&^A2-%CBA=$* @



B!U0LH=@2JYY('7^8I]8*R




8_EGOZT =%2U6LSMLHWD

O[=
MFEM8%DDD#R;G5V&-J@G/3^]MJ:R7S7E=C+F-FBPTFY6Z9.* +7GP_P#/5/\

M\

MT

MK)&ZNC#(93D&E=UC1G=@JJ


R@J?4G./SH U@P*[@1@\YI))$B7=(ZHN0

_K4^HF22:P0H!TN75QDDA&8#\ ?P% &





EV;_-\C(\OS/[W
M3.?;.
FU-N/U-9]OJ!:!IWF 5BSJ
MIB8E4R0.GT_.K=E-)<)(\FP 2,@@_PL5S^.* '-!NO8[C=]R-DVXZY*G/\








TK[


%IY4S+*[%FD;;@

F
9W?(R

M LJQ(J_






M*]OG

M9]
9S[DFG2RRWNG[5M98I9?E*2C&PCKDC/'N.M:%% '.:BL+B3-M.LWG0.5^
MS2
 B2!B

MBMBB@#+TK=#)


L0!D#D]
MSP*KV5_%?&Y$2R+]GF

M/7K0 ^BBB@ HHIDC%%!6-G.0
+C/)Z\D=.M #Z*;YB#/SK\I //0^GZC\Z=0
M 4444 %%%% !1110 44C

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** .2OXK@?;K!6


MCJ;6D1UJ4W3(T@B*
E]*VGPWD7ESM.Q7:R_
Q/S+D
MCDD\GVJ22*:2V
DUWY46JNFYI)5PI1L '//. 


]AW[?6@##TV=[C4


MEA9WE_

@(W@@


MUXX)Y]AZ#%BTEGFU:1I]6%L\

$'=MR#U/6NJHH Y71[Z
M
S:4[:F\\EP)D??/D/@Y'R]
^^


\!









MTZ5OTR6-94*.



BF%VUC



MUKLJ1CM4DYP!G@9H Q==N!#J.DQM?-;K-.R/&) N]=A_'KM''KZXK+L]2CG@



#7*?:



M6NFR7+WELR.\
M)B*L)6PSA6QA$&/F!'![^O&OHVDQ:591PA8&F5 CS1PA#(!P-W)SQ[U*=)TU
MHFB;3[0QL_F%#NW][&.OO0!EWLNH6\]YFHG;#9FX1C$F_=EOO<8(XQP!Q
M[\T2WE]$MR5NU+&Q^TIOC&(V'4 #!(^I/]*U9-
L)79Y;&V=V78S-$I)7T/'



EL0RB&$0PVS$F6-



%A]#5B@#E]*GNGBL;+^T)E-Q#
M)
9RJ%@P*_(


M2SMWAW%O+:)2NX\DXQUJP      .

MSD@_)ZXYY!J
:EJD[16


T 9UI-J4VL?9;F\C
!MVD9&,8- &+=SW-BD0.
MI&6.[F2-9C&@,((/.0,$$@ 9'4]359K_ %%+Q+/[2JWPMC
T8W.IBW]L $'

M]* 

*RI&


Q+\B^@XX'M0!CRZC+_:$#V]^TMM)
L;!8T\I5

ME:7=]'906T%Z7FN;J=?



=ZZ=$5$(H55&  , F-
M;0/YFZ&-O
Z/97
V/
FA1VP
#)'-
M4_$%U/;Q$VUW)%*D
DHCCB5BVW'+%N H[C@G/!J]!IMG:S++;V\4)5/+ CC5


MJ&?


D@ 9]:M?9+;[5]J^SP_:
;?-V#?CTSUI\T
5Q$T4\:2QM

#M3FTVP80AK*V(@_P!4#$O[O_=XXZ=JFFABN(FBGB26




\UT]O;PVL(AMH8X8EZ)&H51^ J!M*TYU



NH75IJ$-O=


M8&



5&MS )$0)@



0


C.-P*KSGZD?K34TYT
MM+.V22-8[9 IS&&)(7 (SP._8]: 
^:1)9VFD
I9TV*H*Y+)*5XX]2#5^]RD
MUI&/
=Y24R9V3HI.3MXSQZ4Q]+=FAF$BB6W8MHVC/7. .OMC!]:LQVOFPV


MJ^6QV*@R.AY^8?J*L):W
=TS)#;D-+N\UI#NDY( V\?G4LMO+)-(Y6,ED,:
MEN0BGKQW)[].WI0!%8LSWT^R08&#*AA91DCC&3@'U_J.J._DW$CW
:B26()
M$Y.0H=








FV0H

M$BN=6FB
PPL2 *6;&[+$XYZXQ^8J=+*1=+%N2OFLV]B.FXON./S-2S6B&WVI

M6&6
$$[M@.

')+
M'=P.!COSSG/;I0!'J&^&.U$CLX5L-
%^;/08QW)./QJLO[J1=RSLDT@*QJQ#


M.9E4 B2
\A_3Z$'OWI\Z&2
Q[$=7!5@YX((H S!
D4JS





CAI&)Y(V
O\R* *]@9H3!:H
M8@6

M&R  .FTX/(_7VJT(UP)I24R$4=%]_K_GUR %I/]HMDD( 8C#K_ '6'!'X'

MSZXI6MBUZLF-L:Q;1M8KSGV^E $&GRF9YY9)9/W+F
ISZ^_;MWR 023FVTZZ,,D9\B$M&$C(X4X[G/2J.2WF6K2J;9ECE
ME?;T+.Q(/U( ]AFM2[FLKJUF:)M\;)'(06R/F&./P_(46]G.DLCS/#)N
MA2
 (0/E+'G)/K0!%+=2&SU(R*LJP
RX!V':$!///.2:AN)PDT[RJ9(4MXFV


6*.0X$3G+' Z!OQ)S]30!?


Q.W:


9(
MUY92-K.%)X/H:F@GE
4AFBPR

M
1G(&0.N*M:6ZS6\EK^\CG4![CC:V]BVX?IUYXQCUH FBO9'A4@VS.0^9@
M!!Z#@Y^M2BZ(MQ(XC8Y((BD! /IDXYK*B:/PW978&=8T0MU)W# J_J:%8H
M4A@9R9


=.G)]^E27=]Y-JLR! 6

MWL


8[=3U

MP.3M&1]?\:MW^9(PL3%9DD5E)4XX(SV[C(_&@!+6^:7RXIH&2X*@R*O(0D?G
MC((Z5&U_*+J2


MAK)O8( ^\ 9[=.O?TJKI44S&VF*J(8XI%#;LDEF';''W:KL(UN?.D7R+:2
M0R*[(  /+51G(XY!ZT :.G7INU#-@;XUD1=A4A3ZYX_*F0ZHABFDE5@(MS':
MAP$Y*D^N0

MC*R
2


M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44

MP55&2Q. !ZTZFNBR(R. RL


M3G+=
 D?GVIU9E_/=)J=M!!/&B30RG#1[L

MRW^VBR\U?M)C\SR^^W.
_F:GKG=MW-JUE'-


5:T
M6ZN+WRS+/)OMD

2 

?
IX[T ;E5;G
M4]/LY?*NKZV@DQG;+*JG'K@FJ.CSW5TT2374IEM T=TI5 ))


XP
$]O2KD

M9I%7+RN%&3WZ #% $@EC
IB$BF15#%


I!^A /XUSVL277]G:Q8O=R3QQV0F6?:@8

MRR[0X89)(V

D32D9$88X)YX]AGC)%9S7

M6- [$


U[ 9C)(R1X8
M!?E7]VP[DX(S[T =-17+7.H:M#'J/FWD(DM+)+@
%2_P V1ELY!*^QY[8Y
MT8;BZO;ZYVW?V5;25 8MBLLB%58DYYYR0

MN+/S
M9(GB
GS+M) PNP$-P

HO$1


&X)()QQQBJ%I//J%SI

M6_95EG72[B0!1@2$


M^8

L


OE DG_:Q@G\Z
M?;0^1%M)W
S%F;&

M0C2=-7;C3[0;7\P8A7AO[W3KQUK+;6+^*VNKB6.!O*N?LR11J268LH!W%@/X

M&0F/$;[.%W \Y'?CWI;G5-56Z-M:V*3S0QQO
$92I+9X!9U(''!P?I0!J7%A



=.]&CQ32:MJS7+PRJET-@\
MH@J?+3!!+''!QTZY/?% &FEA9QV[P):0+#)]^-8P%;ZC&#36TO3WA$+V%JT0

G'0=3Z#(S0 HL+-9?-%I )-


?+.0ZLR@@[N 2H'0X)'7/





MN=0U&VDU6Z1X)8K:V25(74KC@D_


AQ L.#
MO!R#G.

H7*6'ERPQ,]\]O(?);#A0Y!VE@1]WIG\?6RNKW
M3B* I#'<SW4ENK<NB; 3D]?N^W6@#8EBCFB:*9%DC<897&01Z$5$+*T%K]E



!R..3@\_X[] %.32M.E=WDL+5VD 5V:%26 Q@'CGH/R%/
M_L^RWPO]CM]T Q$WE+F



@K@_


M:'2H6EMB][;M-YS1L2I&W@KN&?O#G(^@QR ;SV%G)(\CVD#2.A1F:
$LIZ@G


M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4A (P1D&
MEJ.XD





AL^PJUU;3?#=I
ENDL:0L[O+.$QCL
@DL
ZNK32VG@CB
^5!#.=HR0#@X



M;JZ6YE$OG(AC5DF=



/+5DW?Q $D';P<=* '7.BF)+:.PB!A@5@

MEL;1X[28(VVZ8;%VJ2?]7R!NR3Q]..=JWN))IYU



GP74=

MBTBDO8K9&EN)8U8SE4 5R


UNVR0-;





$Y&T]0


MT#3V6562X82A5?-U*=P7I_%VITVAV$YF
B3MYVTR?Z3(-VWI_%VJ37-3-K
M%93RQI*(GD2-SM) YX7;@9YRP/M6K&9#YBJIW'&UMV1G@]!SCM^IH @&GVP
MG2;8Q=2
R
1G&


0I;K@$X )YQTSS3(M%L(6MS%$Z?9B3$!
^%S[9YXX
6ZGD=XB'*#;MW@#D<9'3L0/:
MGW-@+B^MKHW$R-;$E43;M;/!SD$]/0BKE% %'2UMY96M[FXBCE9G

M2PR



\
);2UGN9YMXQYK%0X


M 

MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB




2W^U
IX]:&F6\D=^;&XN)OLAC21Q<G8J^6 04W9R2#CCCG

9 R





S2_O0DOG 1A2#LPI/!'0G'7GGMT5% '/I:7WDX
=^

U@$ALYY76XA;&Z
$JKJY;E@.Q'KG

V:O
MIK%A)/Y



C.
N  2<=\=.] &A15/^U++S
MDB$X)<##!24Y&0V

M.J68F2(S?
^
':=HR
@%L8!(YP3FJ[^(-.%M+/'*TJQPM



M[1P%+AP^S.
GINQQ4TGAWS;*RBFDMIYK


.AHH CA1DA178.P&P&
_A4E%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
7%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!__]D!
end








begin 644 exhibit10-22x7x1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!# ! +# X
A .#0X2$1 3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **2EH **3/Z4M !124M !1110
M 44E+0 444G2@!:*2EH **2B@!:*** BD!R,CI1TZT +1124 +1244 +124
M4 +1124 +1110 444F: %HI*6@ HI** %HI** %HHHH **** BBDH 6BBDH





M'C/)YJ[


MF$KX/E


N7B*A]I [=
5O1
M6\HU!IW6)8TCV1[

M$9P

MGOUQ42V#RVLMI/M6221FGEE9B0/;@B@;2V:2S\YF9A*[.F3GY?E_3%7*
MI16]Q]DEMIW1UVE(Y%)5B







DM_8R(?W5O(9&+2

M#[^X





M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !112$9!&2
]Q0!G#
M4B;J15O$)?)&W)((4LQ/MT'UJ31[UK_ $RUGD&)9($D?$+EAGC-5].MU$M



RH2PB
MB=C\QVDDG/3(XQZ9_  M)=7*:/+=S!6D57D V% 5&2.
GL*=#?N]RT9C+ 8



M.X&=S*
XP.VQ?S]J -=9W6W5FVSD [WB(51CZG^M4K35GGB+M&A
C'R4$B E

M&V\V4%
#)7J1_C4
:Z
)1$VRF
_*W.%#'Z=:;K$(D'
L89ODP0-P4XSMSWXJT
M.ZY7S ;1V?,0:WLXQSD]
GGCKC] #4:Z57*%#D''WE&?UJO97ES.8O-A4*X


*P$Y#6N








GS=<D?KZ5):01Q7MPL:*-B1A3CIP:KK$4UBYR9;[/&
MTC

CGU_&@#
9#*C1F.'.


)P%CD&3

*Q6(!IB%S@'.
?B/TI8;XM(_F*1&\OEPD




NV]/[VX&
?
3CCU&!@'T% &I1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%)0 8 ZFHR$%4*G8=I
MGI[5BO(8M0G822*+.++!6+[PQZX)Z@#I[_2KM@DBO=EI=P\TC&T#G YH N^

MW]=#45F6VM(B8W59$




<?K5NB@ 6RB2(\;(5



M






DDVV1HX]@^7Z9/




MO

MOD8Q0!K45ERZY;Q2S(8;@B9(97V8
V-IY()!W#IGKZ5/J]Z^GZ;-=1PF9D




MZBL#1-3



QV\D8.%.

MW8;UXXS[XJMX@N7M)+!O[1:Q@EG
4K_N\8V


M&1@G@T 3T5C:5/=ZO;+J*W;00R

ME1[I7[# Y- $]%9G]L!A*@M+A)UB



MG=W$5HEK'
9W
DJ1JRYR6[%B


D8Y
MQCOB@#4HK/DU5(W@C:VN/.F#


MG



$?6@!U%8^JW\ZW$MC%#


A0%#


W 9*[
;LXYQC




M:6#!;F1DR-Q(C9@HSC+$ [1[G K+U'4+^!];$4\8^RVJ3PYBSM^_D'GG.WKV
M]/4 ?-H=Y
M[NOX UU/%-D6QPI3;@??Y^XOZ_AIZA:&^TZ:U\P(TB;=^W.#Z


+\<ODSV\GF1.5W '!!R
C(()'6J[Z-OM)E-QMNIIEG:=$P Z[

-K;SW


MI4X^AYJN-6L3
T9GVE=QW

G-*6QO+YTJ!9C-(MU-+YR6;E(]ZM]X GC<V.HX/MFN@LK
M^WOT+VK.Z8!#^6RJP/H2
'IVIESJEG:7P3RE9#MZ(Q[CA=Q PN3P
XS0!)





#KCD]:6/6M/DD5([@-ND

M
9]LT 




?TI(M;T^:)IHIR\2_\M!&VPG.
!L88YXP
FC^VM/V*QN-
MI:3R@C(P??C.W:1D'\* %U/3WOS$/.Q+N$D3IN60$8Y&1R/?(YZ56TW1Y[


]SSZ5LQ1K%$D:#(H51Z 5G/KUF'M!&)I1=2M$L+_*5!R&&
@Y&

M&K


MG+N


\+M*+Y&F




16D;1E'AW-)





T2N&8!H'R%7JQ^7[HR
MTYZTW^U&M]8O$N9MU
MHD

D2QQ%FR[
N.
ELD=O_KT 
?P\'TY;0R0%0Q8 P$K&3CF
;LH1@XY[U:@


MM#+6EQ;-+#+%+



=U%%*LD+!@&90

T-RL)







M SVR10!G'P].(KA8KV&-K@1;R+8D90YS]_)SQU/K[8T+6RN8=2N+J6YBD2=%


M-#2;$6:
38V-I(P ;[(O#X[GY1^7/UK1HH QM?TZ^U.&:W@EC6WE@*!3(R$/


MH P;K1YVMXA8PVME

F'5LG


U96^N9KMH[:T62!)#&\K3

Y.?2MN

MG'RCOQGKQ0!3CTF[M;E+Z P27):4R1
Q1
2
IX;!((VCMSSTI-2TF^NWO3&U

:;Y\D

Y4MD9(RIV=^!D?2MD=*6B@#GVTG


LC/(-SP
% PI*_
.
C[M:U\EQ)


M0M9(/GE96W









M%QY4IADW$^6 WEMC/+;ON]O:H+^%KC3[;;ILIN(K.
I+);R
RE3RJC^!ACKU
M/'6NQHH Y*ZL91-JKV]C-&TT\

LNGZ?+;--9S(56-E;S RD;W/!





M)9H38W!TZ/4&+PK;-M

Y!(4$X49)^@[T 4-



[0%^]$W8'MSV-=5N
M 8*2,GD#UI: .7OXF?5H[A--=)HIX2THB=W92 #M;HJC./J2!UJ.PT.UU#1

.\'&_&
!
@KGKVJWX
M5MHHK2:3[-)'-YTB[YXF60IO)7EADC&/_P!=;M% !7+W4+2:_'+'82(4NBLL
MJQN7D0QL


*K.6P/3))-


M%4

LC(F

MLT444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
!VJ56#*&'((R* .2NKZ#^TRFJO_HLT3Q W1.TD+N'7D9SP<@=L4B7+O/=

MAIRV

M.02

MM;(0[N 
#()]*ZVB@#*\




M&WN)YUGGU023&/%Q9[7W1O[@N=N








M+=+=@MMW.N.

 X/?(]N




MI
]UI19FDF



5K_P!E:=ME7[!:[9B#*/)7#G.?
MFXYYYYI?[



M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %


MVDD8*BC+

\XIIFB!P94!_P!X4 245%]HAWJGFQ[F








MM%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 9FLV[R6DLB7$



M\!22O




MW0!B:W

)&FWS%DDG++TZD]A3I[!



GUJ2XL[EY9S!<QQI
 &#1%F'&
@[A_*K%[ ;JRG@#!3+&R
M9QTR
4 4'XU&&2:VG\M=JQ


\SW
 D
MD++)%(Q!51@JR@=!Z$TQ)WCN#$CX





I!!Z$=ZK06ACB=)
M)3+YB 


MYD;

MC  [\G)Y- %.W57:51


B.IP '^^&'.X'_=#?I3Y
M-/0P(D

M/J$1!N ZQ;O











M;3XI%M!*6E-JP9&?EBP&


MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** DI:*
M (_/A_YZI_WT*8]Y;HLA


M8X)% %=;NY-S#%YBXDB9R?L[9!!7W_VC5FUGFEL8I2@D=QDX^7^=5VL$&I0;





K[5R0Y QSUP/QK8K!TVWG@
MMX;R&W
OF
RDF)4W.W&Q!@Y4MCKTP#4T\,DM\ZJ2BM%


MP#@TZ&YFD=$\J-B



Q1&-F0.S'(Q_%C'2K$

MN2

P4DGDD ]
=C5+[

M 49SU(Y^I- #Y)KII$

\A12
@YX'/';GZT 4XM2G$-K-+G:UN'.1CS


M 'JQSS]: &0374M[Y1EA\M8TE)$1!8

M9_#UJ.T5O[2G^1PJ011[F7 8@OG'KU'YT3P1S3Q$1?N;=B[$)]XX( 'KU)/N

ML*L(E A9PS;0V1C&
YZ$]J8INA#JLMLD

N\'Y@(E'&.H_PH O6UV1:R373HHC=@

GXU22&X5N+<N
MQ:4*LC!?EP




M97$UY-)&L(#Q(%9_FPREC@KCD'/K3;6VGDN/



O8C\

$=\GM68+.8QQD6TNX3
0
XBN8UDA<,K*&'K@].*SI?)_M#,9B5?)'/ '4^QJ32)(8].MX\;95@0O\A]
M/IU]J +1O+=9I(6F57C +;C@#/OTJ5I8UB\UG41XSNSQCUK#NVW^=]GC<0(3
M]H5T;]_W(R <?7N.,=+<UTUWH\TAMIH




MJR3/)*C/YFUFZ-V/'IQCTP._-3I; 0B*61Y@#G
A!)]CCJ*GHH K1V@2ZGG:

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBF2()8VC8L P()5BI_ CD?44 /HKC[B1K2

Q
9 P&.
2-IX




#D@$@CVH VJ*Q?[?Q!TD


M

M&#UH WZ*Y_6S&FMV8FDO_*E@EW):O-R5*8.V
_[1YQWY[4W^U;_2M%6XOK=7
M6


][#:V49-JJL6FGVA@03D!5;T[X


A

MXVY7! '\77/;I39M?FB@MS]A#3W

P03$(1^[()XXZGH#^
M- '545A7'B%H='AU1;5/LSPB5_

@ G'3D'!'?% $ESHL=




M@E^U7(DBF


MKQGCC'0GC.S0!F6VB06ZV@$\[_986@4LP!9#C@X Z;1TQTYS38M#A@6U\BZN





M-N
9]N

MWD6.5Q%PA;&#SR1R.@/7TH CCT!(Q$/M]VWE7+70)\OEVSG/R=/F;\_I5ZRL
M8[+SA$\C++*TNUCD*6)) ]LDG\?I4(U4


M*X  P
8 /KWJ%]
5H[.Q


CD'![


'CD4

M7*3//

@D?3./4&I;R\6T$:^7)-+*VV..







 VQGC&

MP
+2TN)8KMW!9R RXSG(9L]1GZ#'7BKUC?)?*7CBD6/G:[8PX]1@G\C@
M^U %NBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH




M26+S$8@8W !E(.
=^U/TC48[^PMY&EA-PT$
M:?+;W3VJ%F42Y QR02

&L_6

W'8=30!E6^
V3C\Z

M+A(#'
DV7B+Y*D


+!$') !))Y['
MW[#I533-7672DN]1EMK9FEDC^_A




A@RC!/0





MTH R9]!ED66&*_





D$EEF^)BLXY(418
M@-R-C ))/(VCD8SQTYSH_P!HV/'^F6_
?FC]ZOW


=!@


%[;%-

9SUS0!GVFAW%B8'MM0S)&&1_-A#*Z%MV


MX^OX16NM3N+)[NSCABO6VQM'/OVMM)PP*C'0]








JJ


[[V+ (


M$9W8*JC))Z 4 8 TZ\;_ $1X3\M[]J6\W+C;OW8QG=NQ\O3&._:KUO9RPW]P

MYXZ4 86G65_:163_ -G

$*[95UPVW@'&





M6FFFB

MWK*&FZ@NH1RO8238U'[3YI:(
J&(*1C([XX']WOQG6?6V2
NUE(
7JVA&]?E

<G&






PW9945?5F8*/U(IL-S
L#RW\

M=

!C






MQ;2E#131

J



 #H!3J 
75H
MPVI0FZM9;FV
3+&$C
@27(Y('0XQANW/(S63I4
T;:?'+;7\+C2W@?$;$*V5

MUHI978N&DD$)


M' ;!SC]V02.3@_RJ_LI(5U

M0!Q]UITB2WYBLI8HY+Y9)C# K
\)C' !!#?/DD8/0^O/0Z+:QVFGK% ]PT6X


M+:$X,3(GLV./UKEQ;QBX26WTR\AB:QECG*Q


M_93HUE));-?QR6T/V9G







M)&UQOW@'DCGYQP


T
8FVA7^;. 

YXKL

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HJ WD[]SXV/Y;9!^]C






8@\8&3]?PJ8'(!'0T +14
=U!)$TJR#8K
I8\#(.


_E

CM35OK9I)(Q.FZ/&[)XY]Z +%%-1UD171@R
ML

M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#+UNP@O+:0/&)+AUVP9ZH_.&7^Z1U)'I6@


M;2U:V@$R1



A;(W
2&&#QTRQ/%6K:V6V
I5

P-.NH6H



;RUBAN+M5#)).%C5RW3*H
M

Y/XU/?0QQSZ= D?[LRO\@.
_(Q_GS5N:R662$^8ZQ1$-Y2XVL1]WMQC'

M:B2+*+)DK'@X!.[(P!U'.35F;3HY;'[()9DCY!*MRP)Y!SZ]/6IYH#,NPR%
M4] H.?S!H QH$9+D-B8RKY;R1JAX&

MO. ?KGZR1Z7;P
K6_F0
&W$HY^?UW#H?\XQ4DUG'(D_EDPRS+AI4 W=
#J#0
M!EZ$IE@LTDQOMX4)W.2S J-I S@#'Z@BM=+F2XEMTE1IH@Z \KGIFHAIUL
M%MAL.ZV 6-MQ#  8QD=1[5.D
:322A1YDF S=R!T'ZG\Z (;YRJ+A6).?F 8
8DCB4 $DD#H#V]./7%=#(KLN$?9ZG&:I'2+;<9
M%:1)^TR-M8?@.


MR



8K88L#Z'! X/'%/M[.6))%FOKBYWC'[T(-OTVJ* 
BV

M.V

8(G.;?]
MXS?
QW+UXJ]JWVAM%N\A(F$;9VMN^4#Z#KTJ9-/5;6*W

M:DEM1-:S022R
LRE23C(!&..* 

W27V7
DKC:M

L WV?1WD*
MA1'M7&222F?3T!J8I
VJS

2[%B?J
M: *5E

MI8ECE:*5=RD\JNX+_C^-1I#FZ;$3E$AAD
0;[YW-S_7Z@5J?8HAIYL@6\HQF




]I[E=3D+.JI%-P&XJQ))Y&. /7^+V%6)YYH].



M9F6\N))0Z!;@21D'&[]T%_+D_E0!%#=&74K81N?+82AEW


''Y_6EALGAU2(I&_DH)7
C
#EG*G'KV/^-1W
%PTS3&U=
MC)GB-E)&#@9RPZCTH MZ=/)
C;F:3;PSD!1NP






M]:IV]]()S*[38=E:2


MQNC7J1D'^7



M- %07\XN#


MK0!FWUQ.L_R7
_ 



 #^0JY8PR(LT

M32*09 

M'8=JEH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****


M#Z]*DMY?/MHIMNWS$#8SG&1FL35+6-=6N+DV+2.UBRI*D&\AOF!Y SG! ]35
M'R)$C9-/MKJ*:73T#

C6S78CEP?+N(5


,VL<9:.+2$



M']GF18@NT#+9QVRNX'WVUL7DRZ=IY

#L(UQQ0Q%L=@,*#@?A0 6NHP7=W=
M6T6[S+9@'R.#GN/49!'U!JW7,[+O2=3L;F8M=1R1&7[-92;@OW@S8+9.[Z'

I?4E=GAMV^9

M

8)7MPN:V%LXK32


MU




MB]C'.RR1Q6[@2+L 5_)(R%!R-N#T!%$5FHN[)+FVNFMO
GV1M'(RK$?NA@
C

QG'&X\8/-;NNB8Z=F&.2



H92



M78'N?2L-+V5-
):Z7_1[F3*RW3+N0-\H\WOU&-W7(SUH ZRJ8U&-KRYM(XIG




MMQQ0!:AUW3YG51)*FY_+#2V\D:[\XVY90
YXQ6E7

MDRYP^Y?GW8P2

/-D^U2
-_E-QC=@


[ACI\G/6@#8N;F&TA
M




M-GX=G_M.0M=



MU'[1;2WT4
MVSV[I?)B:0YB ^9.O.2I&/]JGR/&U_IB/J%PD=\TLIB-PR$AA
ME.^X=A@$#/:@#I/
P6WJ4 ( 9B
-GTY_#FG!@201U'I7'7TT=R-0ADOI)D

M$ 'GB@#L:*Y





M#/:MK2Q;MKNHRQ3.[2-TQ,S*4*CY@,XQGH?KB@#;HHHH **** BBB@ HHH

M34[R_86MF/L:S/ TC!?E*DC=GS

MICYN



2#R

MQJVA
J*&^SRKD#G'''TH Z6BLJ^O;V/58[.W6!4DMWE$DF6(92!C:

._\
MN:UMK%WJ$47V18(I1:1W4@E4L&W9^48(Q]T\\]N* -ZBL+2]1NM0U821%M'
MLHIQ8SN&\MWSUXZX_+J99M1O$U6\@Q MO:P+.?E+/(IW9'4!3\I]: -BF22


M;&]23RX4GB=%Q@%B "3RO7C/H* .CJ&UMOLZG?-)/(WWI)-NX^@^4 ?D*
MS;W4[FVU6*(26S0O




H^]SQT;CZ4 ;E%8=UJEYE\\;6[C34!N%

MB88H2MIC9$%+/+F










 3.


M9:Q73W


M@]!6G10!071[)7WK&X8
S#]Z_P I;KCGCUX[\]:;!HEA;/;M$DRFVSY6;B0A


6:)V)*

M'GDX !/4]\U)%I=G#
['<NY9C]222?QJ6B@#.70].5U=;<@




M


R
%;:
MQ& V


&VG:V#T/I
M6)=22?;+MUDD$D4\


]I&DD@+W$@F!  8[6)/TS@B@#4:

M*L42QDJ8E7&6.#DGZ?UH O&1  2Z@

MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B



MS








Z5/+
M+,F]73.<,,COT((ZTVYTV:YCA=[H[AD$D<HC^13@@C9GH03WSSUK2HH RSI
M&ZRN4:8?:;B03-

NG/-(=J*%ESE@RD

M^PKYHB(7V.W=GI[U'96
UMHT=@USEXX?)6:--I  P#@D\CBK]% '-R^&9W6;


MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B



C1(*L9RX^9P6#8XZ\#V
MH V**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *



MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

M\HI][!.#N8=@?RJ2QOH[Z-RBO&\3[)(Y!AD;K@XR.XZ4 6J**CAECGCWQ
'7



F
EVB75Y
M8IJ-C/+_ 

?WAM!X-)!ID5GIL-_;Z8D=Y97#
R^2$:5=S @$


M0HY//:N4-N9--A%I;:B=26X\R..:.;R0=Y.6#C8!CTYSTYKMJ* 
?Q)DV5NO





MHLVV&WD6(1


MS8;F(F81.[NF

M 



CE;YBT!5H@$P
2#@K

I!VCG.* +%%5

MNL#GH?P/^2*6:[ABMS


M8'MUS38KCSHED2)RK#(/'^- $]%0PW*3221J&#1XSG'?ITJ)[^%) I#X[ML.

T







MX=0PS[T /HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@AJ=


]C:2*RR6L#AD
&C!RHZ ^P]* (;&!4N;JYVB-KE@VSH



M5$G\I2&BP;B+'[LY_P!8N
\U8.G6YF

@
KC
MGNI!'Z@4 4(C)!JAC
T

M/


M/O?0^OM3#9P'=E
[_O?




M?;W)E8(^GW'R \8!CZC\35N*W*WZ

F

OY;*1[5$:$
/W0#-N+#'7VJUITD+VD4BQ(
3M&?KZU&+W6\:Z12LSJ58JQ .<<D=
M





0%&-O8$?K5_4 8TM
M+
RDQ3
4D:3YB0%)Y_+%


CU]: 





MX2=FX

JI8'/3D'\16C96DULC
MP.ZR1-D^9DB0D^OX=\]A319.R36YVI!*Y)QU*X VCTZ4 5Y;J6WT34K^)V8J



M=


BN8Y4%




-T
M';
DLK%)


M(;)SG/?FF7&G3SK

Q#S1(/O$XW*!Z=L5;M8986E#A-CL6^5CD'CV]J +#Y*
7+\DYYR<G




M4+_]X][ $=&D@4.ZL2 I+#=@=\ ^_2I;5BNISQPQKY;!';.Y2HP0.
8/(]:E
MFM9#?&YC(;=&J;&.%&3D^OWCQ3+&SN+*0IOCFB?EG;*N#@ #N.PZ8'KUH
MS-1;RKYU65!*L@D*L




M

I(7D^ISS4^EH8/M:;=Q1T
M7^T2=* '2ZEY<=X_D-_HZ[EX/S?+GGCBK:3!HV=E:
+U+#'&.OTK(N4-X=2


 0S@$#G




M
X)QC (!Z'_:%9MQ;L;V\6(-([?9G;!Y.)&)^F /TJVL;C589/*D5/)D4LS[
MN24('7/0'\J &/K%NCRJKQ.5=$4+(
MNP




M?D1S@C@




NJ!DP02

'@5@9)B
!I@
!?0=C]



@\


M^I^@%9]E9R-J

K]#
MD@\9_E4%G%-(

Y^0TQ
MM5B6Z$6R78%R[F)QM)(C&._/Y51T877TBSL'NET^V60ELY?



M-AC;/(R1P
$@=O8TX
DMK



MTVT0^2O[U0%4?*@&3M.?0#';I5)R(K6-%FVFZ#1YPI4?



MV5\UUY6^'RO


MS[LGC! QT[YS5'5D#ZAY)(5'AW

URS$
!
MI4;_ (F%T3&#\P^:7D\UJ6[M_: \V5':.V&]EZ9W=?TH 5M6A$1D' ?R_F9
M1SNV]

5AST^IH UY-/LI=GFVD#[%+NC!P!
MT ]J46%F+<PUA$).2@0;2?7%91
7EQAY&.R5L8D&1

M?2W/[LW#Y1#VX$],_AR2/;K0!=\F')/E)D\_='-#PQ/&(VC4H#M(XR#FL6


M):*

MF@00JP811@CD$*.*EHH ADM8)=WF0H^]E=MPSDC&#^&!3C!$9A
8D
H7:'VC
M=CTS4E% $ M+8($$$80-OVA0!GUQ4B11QEBB*N[DX&


M*&@B88
:D9SC''Y5)10 QXT?;O4-M.1D=#ZTBPQ+
TRQH)7 5G\D#H?Q-2



9-



M8(]*EHH B$$0A$(C41  ! 
 8Z4[RX_+






8SGM0!=HJBFKV4GE[96S)+Y





QW
ZW9ECCE\M@%SL; ^0



0#G Y'/IQ0!LT5A7VH:C;2:







F+8)P J%V



)9DSWD5PI\


DDX %0+J%DUL+E;RW

MH SFTR[DGFD8P(+BQ%NX#%MK#=TX&1\W7CITYX@_L.5[M)[FTTZ[WPI&ZS+G



M@!)]

M=Z 


M
H ;^[G/7VH RX])OSHDUK(+99S=?:$VR
5/[T28)V@CTZ'U]JL/ MQKD4D4





EY;VYG\EGQD $_7. 3^72KMO


C ;-A7&T+C.3G.3GGI3(=)

$[01W'0UK'4;(;LWEN-B;VS*ORKZGGI[T2W]

M:W%]I%S:6HB
DZ&/
KE0H(Z\ _E5F6]M872W,,;LP0*T@!+'H/J:&O+595B
M:YA$C-L%QDMUQCU]J 

M&2\2
PJOF1Y*OYK1
A..0R@^_!&#Q5HWEL+G[



MPE4@


MC$




M'2G-=VR7*VSW$2SL


YC#@L

M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %(1D$4M




M!BII;OJD\EU9W$J23K/$ZW15$P%X9-^

MK.2
8;' /3KQP#6K:7!NH?
-O-!Z+


M=;
VH0PWEK:D.SW3.J


M
8YIL^EW\B7MM;AT@FADVB=E(5V;.$9?FVGG(/MBNDIK
5QA2V3CC''OS0!G




MEQ*\AC.V.0\

M]AI-9274NIQS6SVT

NX


JV1D'&174
=JDG. 
\#-9]MKFGW4D
M:12R R

JAF1T9& .<$JP!'0T
MV_BGO[FS19!);*C.67G=G&/7[IH Q8M)9;NX:\L+B[Q/)/$_VK]V0V?EV%



N'0JV5.#QUZBET^^BU


M

82[



KN+B*UMWGN)%CBC
M&69CP!3([ZVEN1;QS*TQC$NP=0IZ$^E '-KJ),]Y]^\EJFH;)Y!+AHHC%D<
MKC:N\8S['GK5PW4%O?Z3'#JLDT

34(A'
.


=1STKLJ* .+N

M9)/

!3]Z/\ A&01

M&

M[5B0SO#9O.-9^T6TDL8F
8?-N
_


0N
MI




MXGTI9F9X0R$EW8$KUYST/J#TKG;+4HKJ328IM68I+:S&8XDD$8)(P0?O=_




#.
Y).  .Y)XQ0!

M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ J*XD,-M+*J
M%V1P4=3@=*EHH YH:A?+;V\L5^D_P!KM))N8UQ$RJ#E0
';DXP23G'-:^F-
M*=

XP!Q]:=]ATY#)#]EM5-QDNGEJ/
]21WJQ#!%;PK

M)A=0H))(M*9U7U(*_I6R-+T\1F







;R
8P3U[@#FY=5
MOX;2^:*^:4I9YAEF@503EL[5&#M('&[)'O5FXU.\LY[J)I_-4);
'9 !%YC



92%9ESY1QTQZ=03_ #J2+4]8U)+6.SEM

MP\N*/[#;;(CNC7REPAZY QP: 



TUC
9W
SPSS1!L %@CD#.
#.!V%6#IM@RPJUE;%8#F(

=#W!S[$5

]_=6VK2++YAMRVV'RPK(3LSM;^
M)6)[]

MRZ6^I2SVKP2VX=
/NV



JQ#
/(7!







/G (/
7RB_/RXR#QTQ^-7_$
M\;26EIMGDA_TV ?(%[R+SR#TZ_SS6F+.U$

MZJK=VT-PJG*B6
.!]
T 8T^H78%W/'=X:TN5@^S
B_.5'/&=S9)&!TXJYI


:T1X'[L@$9^;!)[CKVJ==?U&[@MAI]D)+A[5+EU^4K\Q(Y+J1RIY



M W\_/_P+-


B?







&&3D\C'(
MS[5HV5W/)J-Y:7'EDPK'(K1J1P^[@Y)R1M//'7I2-H=@UK+;-%(T4HN#.Y)
M4?PYSD+[#BI;;3;:UNGN8A+YSHL;,\SOE1TR2/QZ\GU- &#K[7


0C&.9&*X.3@X(Z\9]J



M-W\I]Z

=#5J
M#1-/MI('MX#$;?=Y821E49Z\ X.??VH S+#4-2AMM/N+VYMGM;ABLC^2RLA.




MHW]U+ISB6&-&

MW?G\SZFGV^C6-LL2Q1/B)VD3=

\]: 
@:]JYTV;45TZ/[+]F
M
\;2
JXZ''#L6R







M]BMYE@S;OO97&1C[IYR?QK9GM(9[-K1T/D
NPJK%?E]
C!JF=!T\^9NCF/FP
MB!\W
AS&/X?O=/\ $^IH MS3.+!IT







M%[N33MZ1I!=F
'9)\X5L=#@C/IP:C?2;.18MR2%XB2DGG/Y@SU^?.X]!U/:K
MBJ$4*HP 

5+RTL(M,ACM&$BRN
MBI*YP02$)  P?F//-/;7+Y+:8@6TSQ7,4/F;'C4J^WD*23P6]<$<^U;?V*#[
M;)E9XNPJ[LQ(^I.?UJI+H.GS*1)'*V2K$_:)-Q*]3NR3P/R'H* *'FZ[_

/)'+



K[C((_



#F

M8W-T9@PZG WL



Y1FSN_V2

#0)*9$E+89OX0-HR
=\@^U

@






62**+3
M95DDMWG G;R\;2 5.1GOUQW'X^(D$23SVS1V\MFUW&P?<Q5<9!&.#\PQR?P
MJS-I ENUN?MUTLBPM#QL(PW)/*GG(!].!QCBH$\.6ZK;I)=7
L4%NUL(WV8:
M-NH.%![#D'L/?(!#_P )'
L;-)I5P )8T5L



M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH S]5GO;:VEGM?(01F1A*?
QDE1@C;P.O/7I5IGE:V#Q(!(P&%;L3Z


MC\M0C64D+JBJSL5(;'I@GWH SI+V7[!=NIE2299Y
-UCV'9Q\W';H.N36FER
M[Q7;


MRU];1J[!9(GD*[AS@KCG;[FK%I)++;LT?W
MA*ZGS&W?=)4]/I36L%DM7$FXS
@ 93ADQTVGM@T6 FALF+P


M
+4VJ0F9KE_WL@( 7)^8D'G&!@8SV^M6[R)IFA 0
J/O8'O@$ ?F1^5 &2+R
M7[

MM$0'FQEP/

^] %&SN66&2*2]B$J
MN [L

27<R

MF;0QRP'/'8$]/2J)L;IY9LQX5U4 X7MFM22(W4*
PDB?&2N\C'L=K#/YT 85

MW;SF2%9+I)%4R

X^M $$5P]


:KW%A-]G=


 K(3D_E5^TU[B\L9I!YK=C(P.!&G





MJRHNYB5_P#0A39K:26\MY
QB&%B^

ME\QH I3W
W&0





W.HW23L
MDJ-:0J^PX!;
F[\.E #FUJ%;42X!?(!4-T.1P?P(/XU974(GM);E%=XXLYVC



CK.BNJ#:& (SSDXK

6]=
MW=%L[@LA 893C(S_ 'JL1


MB2+4F#

= Q('/_ 35.35%5KK8F];
M=@F1GYF[CI@8R._6G1Q(FJRMN9WF@4
Q;H%8X Q_OFJ
EGONKR&*
D;T?Y0/




U7L8X7U#57E;&+M
M?.0
^5%COZT ;--=U1=SL%7U)P*A:Z1+Q+9U96D!
;8X;'4?7ZU)
)#$1$ZH







M.0%_




]CD






@C@QE@QVM*/8'^'W

M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% #%C1 H5%4+P
#I21PQ1%S'&B%SN8JH&X^IJ2




=% P/RJ2B@!HC14V*BA

VC?C&[OCTI]% #'
MBCD*ET5BC;ER


M

_L^
MR;/LD.S&-NP8Q5JB@%;2W2)XD@C6.0DNH4 -GKGUI?L\!.3#'DG/W14M%




M Z4.I8*

*0=F%)X(Z$XZ\\
M]@#HJ@NKJ&T6-IV95DD6

GCFL9+2^\G!COQ;M*2(?M0
T8V


EQ DT18HXR-RE3^1Y%24R*-88DB085%CZGT %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11

M*^2\TS!TV]#_ *LXYYX- &NUW;)

TU+^SE.(KNW=C


BJX)3(R
CMD5D16+6OG2ZC);1V\UI#!(?

'
MKGM6AIL4@L5-R=\LHW2'&
):_91;PZAYKM&WSA@J\8 QR<Y.?48H V;/4[6_5'LYX949


GGCGBLB+P\


C9&




M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
)110 4444 ?_9
end








begin 644 exhibit10-22x8x1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!# ! +# X
A .#0X2$1 3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
$R2A@,-@W/Y'I










@1H_
W@.3SP


K)&0?E'.
-FKED[&:Z F







M21@\Y3G&3SSWK7K

!5C=P!]



MKI\$'D;GBC5#\X .!@T7D

MG@4





@

M?IVQ0!+J%P]AI=Q.6
LB(Q7  )/.!_GTJA#=/YEI;Q+



K

 R\?*%_
MD* -%?NC/I2TU
[%W+M..1G.*=0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110


MLFGR;N0HSCL3VK+O896U 
J021$MYI\DDR
%YQ\W. /SH U;O4(K6WCD=HPS


RX'F+]T'' R=I^JX[B@#2O;R.S@:1L
5&[9N

M9S'$8Y I:
%=P\L-@\X(^;]* -NJEY?+:
 R
P$;RN1_JC_ !/\_2G&Z(U%
M;3R)#$9/-XVC!QCUSS5#4;8O-=B-2\TMFZC\^ /\]Z -$W.V:*-H9%
A(!.
MW P
^M5)-7B2^GM@%9HHT;ANI9F&/PV_K3WC87EL_ER!59MS-)D#(('4^M9=
!VX%9\W[Z;3;U]K
M2R7TBYWE0%$<JC![<** -RUO8YXMY!3 );(.T '&=W2JPUB%FH8W9I6C 64







R!H7X0[



M@*8W4




OS!P.X
MQ[Y&/4&G7&H),K&S@Q^8..

H5R0#AG;]?YTFK@-


GGZ9

UVNQI)7.
J Z+
MP
-QD$XR0:H%-]U-\P40S


IZ@]Z3RDRAV#*?=XZ56U


MI0=W6


M




98

:
ZN5!9?NG'(



MG44 1?9X?M'VCRD\[;M\S;\V/3-+)#%*I$D:L&()R
\CI4E% $36\+QJC0QL
MBD%5*@@'UI9(8Y2ID0
5Z9J2B@!CQQR;?
17VG(W#.#ZTAAB))
:$GK\HJ2B

O0D9Q]/2I** (FMX&D:1H8R[+M9BHR1Z$U&+

MH **** (+N$SP^6


GKM4$XJ*W\0V4[!2
MMRA:8PKNMI


MU46[ZAIUI \1D1KF

!MSM8 D!AGL
M0



M

XQ0!?

XW8QG'.



87RGWEAG*[
M

M:*I+JEJ0IW2C=G&8'' [G(X'OT/:I;1YY$D-PBH1*ZI@$94'@_E0!8HJA/K.

CD'L1G- %R


AD3RX

C/IWJI;:H;C6VC2;



M9!7D#GGM0!LT4R65(8FEE8(BC+

M@'UQCO0!J450TDS26WGRW4LZRX91+#Y;)ZC&!QGID?B:OT %%%% !1110 44

%

HI+!PI884DCTSG'0'CT *NGZ3?VEYI[/]F:&U



MB-QL$FP


M9IBD>=D>[^%
MO =)U9S+++);R3RVKP

/56Y()''(Z\\@"UM-034;6:6.V$26
MODR;9F+9R#D#:,C@=QU]N;&IVDUPUK/;%/.M9?,590KY4J02 <<-UP:J7.L
M7EL;YWL(6M[(YD9;D[RNW=D*4 S@]










MV5=[*L@)^I]J ,E=-U))_M*U$L=R\J1F5MKHXP03M^4C'7!I?[*O4N+.6


O=%O


!FC(.=O3&1Z\UU45W;3S20PW$4DL7WT1P6
M3ZCM4I( ))P!WH @L#FQA_='A0@)( ''!(&1^ K*;3]4:]6Z=X)'C\U5#3
M
%*MC;P%PN

MTS+N$8D!8KZX]* 


W3M$^QWKR-:6$@


M#4=\MPCPQRW$J&6-)& V*N

IWD@KC&?GZYYZ_78NM0L

KYLJKN^F30+^S
D
A('\



MB*E_EP/9ATXZ\]

[U(P/3OW]J?0!@2V]W


&G6ZS0O#(B!61RI((&/X21^M6J;N/F!

M@FW\8./N\=1TJ]]EE77
(%%O.HGG4'[LBX _/C_OW6Q44-M!;F0P0QQ&1B[E
M% W


0.#S^%95Q87]Q















9F:[WI(.^P


-P(R@XQGYNM=110!SMSILEWJ4LMU8W,D%S&A 6[,?E,O\ X5P,\Y&[O4
MVF))IO\ :TTE@\,;W!FCM&-X*J./FP#D$\XZ_6M*]O4LQ&#&\LLK%8XH\;G

M=MOM

M80K;G[9#/


''R@L.5!/?(
MZ =ZP]



M?#YDZRF0QY8^9M;).


M8L0


MBRH'
C2F3)P

$8/S#!
24/<I$4NS&&VL=NYQ









MYM91+Q(5QT.0?U!H Y1M4CBENIFU9F


M&:-1YBH?F0
./H: .5TRZBF)N'U.X8Q6;M*$O-[N^!\Z1;CC S\K*
'''%#W
MT2:9J\;W)

V_ES&

M?*





2S%;W4+RSE



VR


\D\5
0JZMA<8QZ $8^N=^*QM(1*(K6
2DF0+&!O\


M]+T^2
QR6-JZ$AMK0J1D# .
=AQ]*?);;2TEHL$
[[0TC1;LJ.QP0?ISQ0!7
MTJY^WHU[%.\EK*%\E2% QCD]
YSD8/I1KD\]KI

N[C/-7((5@
M@2)/NH



MKDY/]W&*TQ8VBI*BVL 6;_6@1C#]OF]?QI19VRS)


*XEAWD %@KD G&!G [HO$Q<:2#&%+_:(-H8X!/F
MIC)[5H6UI;6BLMK;Q0!SN81H%R?4XJ&_33IO*AU%;5][?NTN IW-[ ]_I0!F
MO;W-K+=7UQ.MI+=-%$$ME
O0GIE1ECG&2
#%5K+4-0O'LH&O6C\R6XBD(C3S

@]JIII&F1F
QZ=:(8VWH5@4;6XY''!X'/L


-E=&0$,IR
5BWID&OW[1W?V5DL(GW84]'

MWCB.Z%!'AE;&2V3G@GH!U[U:H QK_[4=:VD-M







MI6


)D.7\M NX^IQUH 2^E\FQGD\X0;4)\UD
MW!..N._TKG+JZGDL;NWN9I)/)O+;RS

%!


M
M;X(Q]WD;AUZX(YK?IBPQ*X=8T#A=@8*
A?3Z5)0!R168W%ONOI9'.KLHWA#L






M2

%M=P


*M+=
/.
\[D8


M8LW+$S&1VP

M5N\


MPXV2LF&'0Y4CI0!G1ZG?F93(ELL0O3;







M8Y?#

@^XJ-+&VCN3




@9792%;&1P1Z#\J 
'3M6F
M72;G4IWE%_:*/ :)_E&<]1@.W3



MW:P79*Q4?+D_



4 59]7NK*6]BN4@D-M;QRHZ94.6)7D'.T9

M(Q5D]-I./T[GUJ(Z'IYM7MVBD
;A0Q


M0J


MMI@HG0!$9-PC;:%+=1G(5../N^] #8M9@N8[20V]VD=RZ^0Y  ?(SS@\#V;&



M6)9025V@EL\'M@^M6+'68+Z6!(XID$\/GQ








YYYZ XQS5-=#FAN$DMKN-$2WDAVO 6)+MN9LAA




A8DX)W#*Y/3 /O56UT&X@-DKWL3QVMJUM@6Y!96QS





Y/



M5K;[[+EH1Y\HVYW1J1E1[D9Q]#6G&ZR1K(ARK $'U!K
;1TN;BXFU)+.\+\0


S!B-O/4$UHZE9+J%

M?



T$9BY4\X!



]Y



UW(+^-5N)UFV @8[=K?/R
 =


YP









@=FXY(X;'6I[W7+:P@BDND:*2





E_MS3CLSL[N&








MPD)*S$



1@






M/&MM/YGF[MC!&VMM)! ;&

U


MP6A4;=WKG;S^(_ UG/HNI!)?+^S


3E

M-&'C)*G(Y!'0X/!K


MFRO)&));:&
^8G'(SO.
$CJ*VKH2M;2+ J-(5(4.Q49]R ?Y5E:=:ZI;V5E9
M2PV:1P1K&\R3LS%0


M_LV6=[=19VC6\V')&
K\P) [)WQC/?%3Z-;JLES-%*);5G/V8@Y 5L
V#W!8

,9Z4P:-,MO#);6FG6=U#*LNR $1RD!AAB%!Z,<<'!]: ':9K&Y+^6\G+HEW
MY4(6%E;!16A

R;B@ MY-Q(ZX7;DX[X'%8]];7-BL


_+M.-N!T[4 :2:KISSF!-0M6F
M&08Q



RPQ0S;RTJ.P9R

MW?PM@D?D2/R- $U%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M2$ @@C(/:EHH KV]E:6C.UM:PPL_+&.
*6^N.M6*** BBB@ HHHH **** 

MM'&#GIWS61;7^FWVI1207MM(T*






ND9RR*=V/=L

FHOMZM) L2&03G*
K#&WNW7IT_
52N
MS!


G=D
M?4U'#J

D



MD


9K+



?GZ5GK&()XY;DA(T+;U;/3&
X].1S[U!JLJIJ&K*TT:%M/C


MB;'E #.
4Y.?[WH#4.F! TDKNS33.Z98_PH


M1II(@AR@!)+KCG/O[5

^1CU!J6
MZNQ!:I.J[P[HHR=O#,!G\,YJDB/;K8Q0B628F4*Y(!PSM^O\ZMWT9G58_*E
M8*RR!HV48(.1UH F^TP\?O%.2 

T 68KT37!BB@F95


XA\J0

OKP6:P

D77&-QQFJVGP-;7C1OM!V






^E
N&



#YSZY'6LJQF9I9)4E=!)

7D2*7B\MU+$E

M@!CY(;9(C?
O3/!&* +*- TQ9&C

')1R78 K@8R@^N02?8#Z




V
 ']: -HK;HYN2(PS*%\WCD=N:


M!
+





.2W08YS^&
US]LS&QMY8V8

MP-'

MV(A=U$TNWY 

NV+[3C86XW8ZX]:F) ZD5SCN'N7W-.
M6G

M?2KFJHZV4[Q3RI*PVQX;@



M.

\S8N\C&['./3-




0D








II\
M-K+%++*URTKR*J@

M@&5D8$]#M8'^E6J* 

M[@*_

CGCC/YU9HH S3I(VQ
D[I- 


$)

E5W;(3E%'

:B@,1GCJ
XX-1R:;%
K1SO))$PP49R=WUY_08

M)(V
I*^YAU925S^N:IVNE+$UP\\AE>:
G/W!6C10 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 07GEB!GF=$C3YF+



'48P^
.*^,LD3*6A@2/<N<LP./S!/ZUL4M

NG1/
C/3N
DU;TN-H[F4LB+NE?&+=E)''1NPXK6(!Z

 /E!ZF@U152TU*UO)7BA=Q+& 6CDC:-P#T.U@#CWJW0 456OKV*P@668.5




@.
'KCD58H ***KP7D=Q
20!T]R*EH **



M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH Q_$ES';V]KNNX+9VN4*O-C:
'DXR
C\


M='1@P/XB@#EM-U*
G1UO+I!


J2
M 7
^=K XS(Q'Z$'\:V:* 

 DF
\




NPP@*2X93C*XSN]


& SCH1C/&*ZRB@#

'.1SS4FKZ

W4EI!Y :V=)3'O
MDR<C@_,1\N%.<YZ&MN*-8HEC0851@#.:?0!S&CSRW6MF&_O)#<):02M;K-M


[
-ZR80
ZNISLP1D\^]=E)(D4;22NJ(HR
M68X 'UI1(AD





MK8I
T$:DY8EA@
3ZKU(Z=O5=2U?4M-BN@R6L\J6QN8G4
JX! 8$9.3R

M6L=
LVF\UH0S^5Y1+



6

2Q_4T 921QZGX
MBUWU-98;6.(0PR#*$



1@\9Y]*;?:QJ%E--;E+:6
M1'@Q( R@)(Y7IDY((]1D?E4MYHK/I$L%M#%]JG"4RW#L %.<!B<=<# '/:
MK3:)936WE31R'+K(V+B0DL.GS9R0.WI0!7GO]00W:1-:N]C$'EW1LOFD@G ^

NDAV@KZ=');/

JX+8(^OH/04 49M5UFVM6DGL8X_W\2*\F!E7;:?E
M5VY!([C.?:C5=4U*Q9H5DL_.2$.F^)O])<D_*B[^ !W.<]JT'T.PDMEMW28

C(J;EO)8&4#/4)]_DGJ10!#)JFJ-J

%50Q(#$C





M_P!=Y_\ Q\R??]?O5(-*L@TC-#O\R
QD2.SJ%/4 $X .!G'7% &-KTUP^E:K
M8WZP2[;
H7/V-8Y
MX48W[6[MY# . C,#M+9'3IGWSCKI_P!@Z:=Q-N6=EF1I'+X!!'SD[A@@'KV
M%/\ [&L#G
!)
HF)
C$[P
9SGTSD=#DYZF@G_:UR28D

M3T)X'3BHQK%_]KAL_*MS)]J:VED^8#/E[PRK].H)_GFM#^QK'RYHS&Y6:3S7
MS


DNQ9E

41B39/(

 $^EW9O]+M;ME-/$LA4= 2,U;JSM(;&UCMK966&




/$FQ(P<L!\W4 '@\^MU=(ABNC/;336X95
M62*(@(X48&<@D$# R#P* *CZY
EM=W+602&VE



CJH4

8ZC&#0


1AM%VSV3749:7!X*C
M:?E./O#GGZ59ET[!CN3/=2W$*L

L/M8GM+

M/M[AK:&YCEN8HLPS+(BDL



G)]LU9GUAXFEE6U#VD$PAEE\S# \ D+CD GGD'@\

-CN
?
M

CH
@$ ]Q0!%'K
SS*&L?+B^U&V9FE&X''!  ((_$?C6O65_8BX_X_[O\
MX^?M/_+/[WI]SI6K0!D+K19XI?LX^Q2SFW6;S/F#[BO*X^Z6&
YSTXJ'1X'N
MKZYO+VU@6XBG9$ECF9F QC;]T?*/Y\X!JY%H\$4^Y9)?)$AF6W)'EJY.=PXS

Q

MS(#SVR!SQQ45QK5Y:W6H
]I');6MK'/MCE^?G=GJ
'[I[]N







MFO9;


M26IF
H9+*%X0WD\.IVXXW<'Y1WYYZ=HH


Z3-92S?--$8VD]
CJ!6==Z'=W37Q-_$!=VRVYS;DE
M0
\_?_VF_3K@Y )KGQ'I]K?K9O)ERZHQ#+\I;&


M:I2:)


M!536(WEGB6UN/

9?



TMY%=VEPL
\:-&?
C+HRD@\@$'((X.?6@!D^
MLPPJ6^SW
BI&LLI6/'E*1D;@2#G@\ $CTILFNVZ22JL%S(L+()'5
*H?HV21


MVY/EA

K^7%L:0


M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

AA@;3R.A-7ST]:S;2






S;L]#CMR
9H T+F6YB6#9%O);]\5QA1@YQDCO@53M



L
M:?
VTGMAB?;D4 2M?2J[J;B
E)1$Q%JY 8XP


#@?G0!!

MF* 3229-P^T?

M7]H&*:&1L6R

9V
V3U'&TU7^R

MY)Y(+Y&

;(6+[6S&PV\;




MB3^P;%=LA=Q!\GEOD?

M#QGKCTIFJ1
QD81R
%B#:#R2?Y# _.H_*:FL[VC?9PVZ-ECRV\C!) Y Z\





M6*TN#J







MG'.2
5+%










Y]J -NBL0:]+
M


NJ*C

MXANDL+9IK19;NX5Y$2(R.-@(Y.V





M1_:NH:;I=K)J%M&S-3-)).J,26QA5 .Y@,$]!Z9H ZBL&[UN]6WU1[:RC4
M6&\


\$^I*CZ
M$T ;-%5-+O4U'3+:\3I-&&QZ'N/P.12W]Y]D2






  ?[PX)''OQ0!M45FPZG+/(9([4-9*[HTWF?
I3()V$
M=




(?(CEE

U)_:4?



F&^8CG!/4U(-21]7M[L
M7
BV4EA+

\]*




&/DQ@;QM.&SD@#




0IA59L8/)R0<





M]:P_9K58_










Y)
M)  X[FJ

L$%M;W4CW$/G*50+M7(!R6(&1GH
T :U5HK0QWTUT;B9_-4



M 'L2



KO


L(I8[JYNY+
F,\$^_PM
N]7

6:W^786/)/3(R




BX8N9&BRZLQ

Y'6K7]J6?VH6
MYE82
VT$QL%+?W=V

''?!XH H6NB7%I#
M8^3?1^=:0M!O

WXS


MZQ87CQK;3^9YN[8P1MK;200&QC/'3TYZ4 5TT62VDCGLKH1W \SS&DCWI)O;



X
MJG+H]R4C,%WDWVC[3
[VY8.^ !@!Q@8&
9/;GUN:AJ4.GR6R2I*QN)/+7RX



M8X7BBM6)R
C/#-P=S=O3GCFUI%HUEIL


D&T?.&W#!8_WC@_3





M4F$:H^YU92RR#!& 1]?PZ&J.GZ)-8WEI*+R-XK:!H!'Y&5)!Z[N/NCMZ^H

MM4ANE46TTDB@0@#:^[Y0
\8W=?;I5K^V=/





M1LT9>)MIQW!. P!(S@T 4(]!O8DM%74(/]&M&M03:GY@


M0;59I

9_P!H



MA(^A -34 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 8/B
M*X$.H:



MYLH=\




]NF.
]:WZ* 
6YL-2N;Z.9Y(=





Y]JLZY:



H'
85B/E. IR/;('U

 # %+110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!C^(V5H+:)H[IPUPC

M52TZ%4U2_DCM[I]
DMP)3=Q2-([C^%0XWLNTG@YYZ=ZZ6FLJNI5@&4\$$9!H

M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%5(-2M+BZ-M'(3*%W 


D9ZT 7Z
O6@W14+W


Y!&/G8J/U%)!J GN%B$
M
BAO
VL2
'8P4]\]Z +M%5;V\^RPL4C:27A43:0&8]!G!J59U9E4+)D]]A '


D#G- %NBLJZUDV[.OV5MPC+ -(@)8=!]
M[_Z_M5NUNVN4WBVE1-N06*_

M5=MKE;E&=%.P' ;((;'!Z$]#Q0!/151[T+=F/:/)08DE)X5CT7_/J/6K+ML0


YR!MQZT 7**HP:FDT\4


@TZ@






MO3)H R=44-?2

M''W@3^61].*MR6-I-


M9A@] 
YP/T^E2Q:=90C$5I N/2
5/'&D



M6VUA*T2[U4+]\KRHP#TR!]:NA$; HV],8XJ-+6.!((XE2)!A8UX4#TQ0!A

MX(I(3\2-$1C85&,?2G!%!!C(&
^U '.M


 ^ZI'49ZFK'DQF-D



MHLC2!0'8 
V.3CI_

8E4)L8.PS(3EAUQT*GIW-:S6\+
MS+
T

K
M+&)


/PVTHID=\\XX.5''/)K=^SP[W?R
8JE0<K]Q<\_B:KL'BN850&8
M6S-)(P)8KD$!3QDX#' Y.!6K';0Q1&**)8XR2Q5!M&2
MCO\ 45TQ1K]U%'S%N!W/4_J:;'!#&(XD4-U '6@#


M@2X )QQSGG'8TUY)$UR7RX6E/V5. 0
?
WK5F^M7N+010.L3*Z
IVY VL#T_









_F)M1

MX4#+8Z ^Q]: *VERQLBR

M
E #HKY$MY);N:)%24Q[\[5SG ZGK
MFKM9JV=S_99BS$EP\AE;Y=Z@E]Q'/7&<9K2H **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B

Y_
MKMI$T-LB.07QER.A8\D_F35/7+6ZO+)(;182WFQR,99HPK!N

4 0:3J
MLEYJ
7 Y<OD@Y9BJ],' QWK5<$HP !)'0]* ,C4]6 TS[593;=DL08R1$91GY


25)7. -HR!UJQ]AU5;J^EB-O&MS.DF!*VXH$D9V?*?E!SS

9J30KFXNM
$EU(LDPEE0LJ[
M0=LC*..W K/LM)U&R-BJBVDCMYYG8M



J

M




MEF9RS%XSD%E Q@].#D8STXJ


N(=5L

M*CM
7

M-(ZO9W$WF.RDD;5B=G&.N4 W#'?(XJ(ZY9Z$6]O+
'G^?L;RPO8[L8Q@'G
M/MUJC/X?5GMYX]-TO


M$H%()( P#QSU]NG/  X:WIT


M6B03(UUY7GC)&T$QDL/H 1N//- '512+-$LB!@K#(W*5/X@\C\:@O-1M;(@7

M\5M=33'




32RL$11EF/0LR]UR'2;

O=*
MO[VWOY&6V2[N[46P02L44 M\V[;DGYNF.W6@#3TSS6MO
DN9)UD^9/-A\ME'
MH1@=_4?G5RHK?S1;QB=460+A@C%@#[$@9_*I: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@

;=)A
M&9$+


MCMH%MHKG3U@0JP B*E_EP/9ATXZ\]



XCVEL =&#=CG'J.M0ZIIDBVPL].LD$+P2QF10A92W8ECT)Z

M?O$ @@#O0!IV\KRJQDA
3*V
$YS[@^E0G4K-=1%@;B

M$9&3
JA&)^Z#G ]SZUE:G8W5S=W(@&Q;BR



MR%E/F'*D$;2?E&#C.#STJ[J=J;RPDB3 E&'B)'W74Y4_F!0 ]K^S3SMUW OD
M8\W

T


)!A/
MKZ?C36U*P6-9&O;81NVQ6

Z::RM]B^SQQ%H_WC$@

U &IIMU-=?:A.D:-#.T0$D8 !')[\U/<W5O:1^9=3Q01YQND<*
_4U2





MU%7&
#&
Y_6N9&G7D=Y9L=/


MN_

:5+&L%U.\BJ\0 1PX7HW^V.G







MKV%O':645O#$88XUPL98MM'89-6* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****

I&7(D95!_N8.%QVH Z^JME?17JS-$LBB&5HFWK@Y'7CKWKGT
G6@_8ZE;:@91;&4^4VU]\+QX/I\P'/M5EF51EB 
@



$D\9J

5@V]U)*
MU_#;WI6)HH)8C+=N^02V_
@Y3.


3QBXNDE>9 ISN;&0R'IE
MH;NY6UAWLK.2P543&78] 




9-)\J!EB16:V
8V*I/'&
=11%?PQ

SLLGE @




L0!TR:6N-OI(


E[F.2
3XW!

2#_1-I W(V0



M;\7-QX

M


MX;6&:&

-2


US+;:FBR12K.Y6/!R






MPLP;PUI^ PQ JD
I!R!CO6M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444

M
:N[X!.!N^4#U)_2LRPNWOKS1+F9E
LEA
SXXY/E$T :^D1PQ:3:QVL[SVZQ
M@12/C)7MT [8'2KM8FC3M:^#+6X2

M$J*@

M6\W:A;(;('3;CMT_7FGOJ&JW=WMLY;:+R88Y6667:'##))&QCCJ
@C'O0!TE

MH(T##D

EB:








9ZXQVJUH
M%UJEZ8;RYFMS:W$61&)




WOK:YMWG@F
M1X4)#.#P

M]02K(R7TX8@C.=YZXZ9ZT 3P6L-XC7$-]/):7.6
65*.#QU*[L?0UIUR^GO=

[))E4X^A-6E8
H92#R.]8FHFY'B.U




8Z)&H4#\!38;*UM_




M.W'GC$O[I?WG^]QS^-
CTK3HG1X[U1HP0C+H*@YR!QQU/YFKE% $4%O#;1



IXJ2B@L+.&)II;6&&YE'
OE#+'L6Q@G\Z6TMS CE
MV5YI6WRNJ[0S8 Z9/8 =3TJQ10!7:RM'NENFM86N%&%F

M+:&9@I4&2

B@M#86=N\CP6D$32_PL*1A2_P!<#FFBSVRQ*OE)
M:PX

]4D4
#^!J.XT^RNHXX[BSM

?A0!J45G:O;^;;22?:+B-E3

MZ


MG %-

MTH#JS
H8%EZ@'D51U1%*1



DZS
4



M


\!\
M=!]* -59HF+A9$)C.'PP^7Z^E+%+'-&)(I%D0]&4Y!KGEGGDU%\PQE+42[ T





MFFW@HY9-C$XY)#$?I63Y\YN)6CQM!W;RP 4D8)!\S!/M_*@#IDD22-9$961A
MD




X19$+$9 ##-8^H.IO5.5*^8N%Q@YP=W;_ #BG:.$A

DGM38Y8Y

M@'/F3/#CS'R %8YZ^U+HKB=/.CCQMA1-QD;E\98$=..!GZT :V0!G(QZTR*:






5B).2
MZDX!'3)K;#J=HS@L
@'@_E0 ZHY)XH5+2RH@'4LP%+*



MZC'XT ;O3K4?VF#R6F\Z/RESE]PP

5MIL)8OLF5264R%L(W4=35&


MTS[4Z@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!#T]*HVNG26TFYM1NYADDK



 YRS DYSTX

J(




M5'DCVE0%!(WNV


]F;EC#



M./P%

WSRIL![*O./YY__ %5(8C]E

M





MH0AMV+#(_+BLQ])E=B6N(R&!4Q-M(9@2

F[%0_P!J[;\6YN<(RR-(\D6WRROE\ <<8?.3FM!9F2T61)5F5 =\
MDQV'COPO]* )I(1)-%(QXB)*CW(QG\B?SJ2RWP

M*VU&Y
7FS;1Y\@\I75P%!P%'W?QZ]ZTI9FM[0RS*&D52J?Q$ G S]* \@-
MS;F(








MH-BG@ $DY/OUH MQVDD

LK[][J#@[0.0





MR?



M

Q4




=JP\@S3-
M

P ))&



M8?D2?V#8KMD+N(/D\M\CYE)SS@8]Q6[-*D$+RRMMCC4LQ] .M
:Z@7&Z0#()



M6*X_
UKR7EO&^UY K9Q@@]:2&\MYV58I-Y8$@@'''O0 LK'?@/
N/[B9'\JK
ML&:]MCF9@I;.Y


(1N#;A@CUI89TFC
\Z=N%6=Y74.O!=B,CJ.*LFXB$J1;OF=2ZX'!48R<].XIZR(\8D1



M=975L9MVB);&!\K#GM6CY\?R?


6XT\)#J4L*2$-!(JAF+
S


L)P$8XP03DY(


 =/852

MH5&I!8TF6.W@

P( /?



 'KZ5T-% %/4P\EE)#&@=Y!@*T


MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@AK*2266U&V+O0

Y#$/



9%M+;#B8%T!


/D1C/







M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@EJ5HMS$7:6=/
M+1B!%




MIQT^M;UG9K:[V





MTN\N[J\U&.XCA6.WG\N
HY)^ZIY&!ZYS[X[9
=SK
T$]TJV.8[5XP[M*!N5N



^^*L0Z6D%S)

@G'. ?2F)HLVD
MEFTT\EFZ&

NGNMMY)O[ISVD8H6 P1C&W!Z
M]P:C;1H&MH[;S91 F
H-N&Y)YR..3_#B@.?5Y;?4XK.2U3]^76(+.#(Q52V
M=N, '&,Y],XJ+7+N6RM+\6


 G/





#\/7FE&@H@M



M)]N3[8 
O4_*CUN42/J9W6RNBVKS

Y2

M)GFF0R(J
$VX^4Y!Y!(Y]\'N* 
^^UR_%CJDUK8Q(+%G0M-/\V0H8



+^VCN
++)=7'FQS$IP -S;23R/

BN?
M)($QY7:6W [?8C!P
CK4_P#9
+VES!/++
URNR69R Y&

M?:XVD6;R!!G=D$ Y#$=VY//O0!6M-:DG-N\UGY$
Z2
&
H9E*=00!C&.^?PJ
MJWBB1;*XNAI=P8XX?.0[70








RR;< X XPH/0 ?A4#

]C]TTZ+0X8].^Q&Y

M9K]Y-9V








\?*
9([\UT

BZCNX8!/'Y89//7;@

MI=+L$TRQ2V1VDVDLSMU9B22?S-5I=(=KV6ZCFACD=&4







MD
37#1LQ%N=H*XYQNSSM'4^O7L 7=/:3^T]21YGD5)$V!CPH* X'M3-6U^QT



=Z<.?X<;MWXXQ[TV]TBYNI_/6^1)XV0V\AA)
0'


-8YPT.5;;G!4;OE/)ZY[=:O7<+SVDL




%00#R2!GG_/&:U[XGTVR2%Y)-PEB688

M%\GF1P);REH5D1,[2!NX;!/.2/:@XFIQRW'EPP3RQA]C3HH**V


]JM06%Q;74C0W:_9I9/

M/7# @ $\]#U/X-L=

M]N#:E)7+^4;;

G\.R3)&OBZ1+$$\U[*R
#D'=CG'/&??M

M\'.?PQ[U4M;5]+%_/=3_ &B.XE\PK%;


GVJ&/6H)[B*&UAGN

M]!+Y*1VUT\TOF 1!!D




/\ M4C75N)S




+(






U8@U02S1P&VF68QJ\B_*?+#' SA

$@(//\ $#N/Y5)-HS7#VDDT\326Y4^:(-KC



MWM(_

T
01E8@\CC.02*A\26LEW8PI#9FZ=+B.3:-GRA6!)^8CMD?C0!?%]

MG6







@LY;'4Y;1;3[;

9&3V'

M9UQ!//-I]S#8&'RKEI)(F9 V#&R[C@D=2.A)Q^54+&QOK6&VD7365;:[FD%K





(D&X
M?4=1VJQ7/K;7_P#:T$YL]D4
\ORQF




M#2W+7!BV.K1CS-I&3][/YT^+2I'U&9KFTN&W3_:(9A=D(AXX9 WWATX!!]:
M-J.\M99I(8[F%Y8O]8BNR?4=J:NH636[WW=N88SAY!(NU3[G.!6
NG74NA

ML

%S(Q1#&%=&1ANY

O&TB1G!P2J]?QP!UR*P+
M6&+[3IJ:I:7$Q.EF.2)XVD.X

M\H#3%9




*QPW7!Z9[5EBR:6UU +I;)





M'H.*9H5NC)8/;6\JSP7









MM9E7K\S*

MN


M#(/M3JX^73$GDMXYH;RVLC;H(!;VR_NY


M6YT^.YU





M9CY3D!CR0#ZDXS]* .CIL;%T#

M88P=A!5

2
$'[W?\ A]C0!V+#
6)[\_4GUKE;/4VEBT[;JQ%S=Z?*

M44 56T^W;44ORLGVA$*!O-;&T]1MSC].P]*M444 
FB6:%XGW;7!4[6*G'U'
M(J.SM(;&UCMK966&
856
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *J7%B9;I
M;B.[N('A2(RI5@#GHP..O48-6Z* &0Q+#&$3.!ZG))ZDT^BB@ HHHH ****



W
M8W-]GL5

MO2@#HZ898UE6)I%$C@E4)Y('4@?B/SK$TN\OWU)8[@W3Q/YX)DMB@7;)^[.=
MHZH3^0[]67TUP;\7T5I(T5K
J%ML@D(Y#;4V?


M'\I'&
LOOF@#H:*Y6&]U@QP?:)+J/=/LD
5LSLBE&SUB P&VX(SUY)HAU+69
M+1CLN?


M Z
&5AD$'((JDK_\3R1=DO\ Q[K\WEMLSN/&[&
\CC-/TGG3XR
;3DK[#)Q]


I5@
$'O2T4 16]O#
M:PK#;PQPQ+T2-0JCOT%+-#%/$T4T:21L



9
N[N.SB5Y-Q+L$1$&69CT %1VFH)<3O;O#+;W
M*'
4H&=IXRI((^AX[U#J-BY2RDLXDS92ATA!@KM*E1V'!X^E96N6TUY;W=

M;FX*@CG'8_COZCY\UJD
4$W[\A9&0IF)3U)W'!].
_C0!)I]]%J-H+B .%+


M6



5S#'-&

'.R- H_(5+10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444

4 %%%% !1110!__9
end








begin 644 exhibit10-22x9x1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!# ! +# X
A .#0X2$1 3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *1B%4LQ  &23VI:9*R+$[2E1& =Q;
MICOF@"UU&VO)9(H7;S(PR/&R'!Z$!@


=

=L(_
W?O'V*%4DDX)[?0U-5'4466:S1B !*7;G& $8?S8?G0
MX7Q\R0&WG** 581M\QYR

QW-S



M
0HZJGE/@'Z']




MX/K4&HC[4H:

]5X]1S;Q226\J


M=LXZTR_$[FURRQH9$W*.6W9['T_#\JSKF&-EF!'#7(C9!(X5@S@'*[_0^G-

M(VQ@'G@_WBOYFHM+WS6\$KD./F.\S
3U(''2@Q+J$,5V(RX'#L3]UCC:/Q
MW4MO?QS
58JA
C1Q@MR^
\_H?RK*NW3[7?1-
BE[JW^0G#-_J^G-7'1DO;&'
MS$81S.0JX!5=C #'MG% %J2Z*7GDB
LBQ[W89)4D_*

ME6/'$C8 )SC&




GVVU


M1OEC7^\W8?Y[4 00ZI!);^:^5Y/@OD \$8ZYZTMUJ4%M,L;.O WR$G&Q,'#
M=/48_/TJ",6MQ86D4SL$C8L-^00H\_B:H:K*J:AJRM-&A;3XP%;JW
O YH

M)M-RA1.X&

;
I<2E(U)C+


=W0]/E&:IO9L+Z^E^2
_9T;R






MUW
$.]?
Y!\Q\'&#]T$ 4 :








M _7%9UP[2S&)5C1!=^5D*Q8X3?V/?IBK%@YEGB9XH1NB+J50@KSCN: -'RH\

7E/\ JPQ $C#J
M6'M3=)N/M.HS31'*2V4$J#&T?

MJP0HP98D5AT(4 UBO/YTK./
!1BJ_.3M(8AB/J.*U-.D


ULFEQK$Z-#




MA_YY)_WR*##$8?(

G.?NCK2B&(;

M?F?SK-L&^S7 B4$1LYB 


7UH9[E




MMH#DQO@'+=?FZ4 =330BB0N%&\@ MCD@9P/U/YU)8+2V0R3!$)AI'/+$]
MD^M6* DQFEHH C:&)H3T2&(C!0J-I'TIX 4  8 X I:* BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ JIJ
4TL 2!(V8LNXLV
M+D$XX/I5NB@#/ETQ90\QVB[+!Q)S@$$$#W'RC]?6G-;3R6]H)2AFC=&E(/!Q

6YMIQ;PPF:12OSJH&3WSM)S6G10!1M=
M*MK:?SA&ADV*H.Q1MQGD8'7FIK6*6*2X


PJI+9RDVUM$D?V1'$C,6.[*G(&,<Y/.<U
MH44 5[FTBN0\:

;3G[OKWK1HH @O8FGM


M
+*KM_(U?HH RKG2(F8&W@*-*CMN4#8%()QQSG'3WJY/$YB\F-$ &%8\!/
@'?)]
M3C\/YV:* *EA#+';N;@()I79W'(4GH
]\# S573-

M?E]3R/E]JU:* *=K#/&]S+

N5GB=' 2-&7&\YY*
MG^E;-% %*WLQ]B6UGCC*1_+'T;@#@\CKV[U2.AI-=71ECB2%XA$A15+=\G[O
M!YK:HH J7%I_HJPVBQ1;9%;!C!7 .3QZ^]6Z** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBLS5;F]AO+&TEM
MXUN9&C8RQ

L:O;R



MR35H+B*XBLI\71,Z%X6VD#C(S@,,^AJRO;N34=/CDE5HI[ S
NP [P4YS_
M 

Y81H(V+L5SN

M+&\DBPQ8[8F^9#T*\?,/IT[T :-%06=RMY:1W*ZAQG#H5(_ @&H6U6R6[^
MRM




MHY[^PY-6%U2T:W:8.^U7

PLFDM8A-






FM)(--CLVN($ODG,MIM.23O)S@X
M.,-@XZ GFMV)8($B7.U%C/4U)2$A02Q  Y)/:@#*G@U,:M+=06]G)$T(B4
M27#*3@DY('UZ5+HFGOIMBT
CJSO*\I#)N.=J^PJY'+YJQ21;6A==V[)!Y
MQC Q4M &5?:=/-J

MR79Q

TNXO5@:?R5W; P7/XF@#+&E:J;O[5+);

M '
.DFGZ]I\

M;?N=LJVRH; VS
LK
0WKC:

L2 !^9%
CN;E;.2:Y

M@N/


M
0!8@=3R0 .1R2*DMKD7&X&*6)T W)(!D9^A(/U!(H R;G1GDM(EM;:UM)H]





*-D+(6XY)8 \D#@T 0Z!:W





LMLG$A1@PW?*

ZR;!(
MS*0 0?FV@YYZ8[=:TZ* 


M

M:VO(=MG^_L([13YS#!7.2?DZ?

MXY%#*PZ$'H:K'45-Y:PQ(9([@.1

DT#O'Y
MS; L3;AAMF23]!CWQ6_2T4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%

F#[3?8OM6M--<?;XQYB269

 [L$C*G'7KZ9-=?1




MR

M2HOL\UK@


9S6C%&D
82

BZ62Q\0'46

M@9.!GO2


M'B&UCN;:W
MJ+E8[F-F7RO

32+!AJC7%TU\EZDLF
FWM3:6%REPNDM:O)L\LB0;,#+8/\) //4=LFK2:9-.E:W:]VNZN\5Q9




M1PW;C-:L3B6))%R ZAAGWI] ')FSV3:*+VSDG

MF




[PQWDV5%N_DB-E

'MI#  H&Q
M;.C(

_XNTB\6;3+
:A


[7[07.G&1(!-/;
ML\2[0264@X'U Q^-9UCII75I$EL0+:1Q?JQC&U)
%=GLPX;COFMJ*^AEOI+1

MI26:
DMC

M .

MQX[XXS4M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1


M.Q^@4$FF2ZII\



M$'G%&EC&=AR



M$0E@E26-NCHP8'\14E '-6;O)JSV[37/D7)6]@8S/Q&

MWJ#P_/?'5Y6E2[


M6D=R+=[J!9R



M1ZC ]FMZTK1Q)ESA]R_/NQ@D9Z?C4

MPDKR7&XJPQCY
%4Q


=



M#.#SQ3+FX


M9YD5&C.W8 



GM6C10!



MI%V)

X&!G'7\: )J*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@

M#T/I33-$#@RI_P!]@2BF++&[;4D1F S@

M ?12 A@"#T(I: BF-+&IPTB CL6%)Y\.X+YJ98X W#DT 2444Q9$=W574







H8H2


M#R: #5C
FD7#0RB.8)D-G'/H#VST'UJMH





M!/4^I^G^?8 H0P&.:&R8RK^[
F4EP!M*]@!U)JI)-
;V^=99/
BO(88_[H4B
M(D=.Y8UJP6TJ7DMQ/
)


Y/XDYJI=
'OP-R$.[% !C[ 3\O]
M[/YBM8VTC7ZSO
#&BD)'LY!/4Y^@ID]D]RY:24QY&
PDJV/3=G^E %710L:B


MP5C9BR*6! '7/ P









[03)P64 AU_ND']/3\Z5[5FN)
M95DV^;&L9!7. -W_ 
4: *=MYQO-.8Y2$6KJ5+C#



M+'/GYYSG'EIV/-4!YD[2

L94(0?



' *X_\ KY]*I:9*XM6GO!*(UFD=BX78%

)F62
];5M;S6T;1B?SE!_



XZ$C'\JLT %%%% !1110 444





M #U'XG%^:SBGN$N'
@=4*#:Y7@D'MCT% %.WO;F1K(LZ$3N0P$++QM8\$GV%

TCHGE1L1CS)1P/7'UJ![R0ZB(%F(54\PJL!W8
MW8YSVZ\^U26!$UW=W2QNBMMB4NA4D+G/!YQEC^51-IZ/J7FRH7D*;]XR,,
M 'L


\4UX

5MY

MA-S

M1CT)4 U3L+=S]F66UE50D@8N1@Y/IGC\A0!?M)G\S[+
&


MNFH)[N0WD1A;


4@Y

L*RK'C#$XW;3GI



.N-SY ]^?PS3'@:+4K6-#(T0D+JNP[8P(V4_-Z9(XH EU&

@??(E!V^^/K3;A6N)4&PF&)M[




M *4 16NI7+12-(\(S.[D *H8^XX K2FEDCEC*JKQO\N
X;/MZ\9_*LX6JP
5*DF9)V1=N!A<XX/L:9/?S)JT=LD
AS$YVY3#?

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** J=[J5M8

-P_U;C[N1G)(

M

J01TR*6N2LHUL]'LM2@ENW%L^+F(7$C KDAOE+8RI(.
=C726$+0VJB1G
MC9=][E\$\D GL.@H J?\)!IP
FZ2=1$VV1FMI55#_M
5P.HZ^M:8((!!!!Z$


J$*2

MCM D51N/)ZJ


J2 7DYRC ]9&(_

]14-QJ


[UVG(Z\5AP7D=S?$7M[/;
!$UHOF-'YJE03\I^^2VX


M%)XMS1XR5+A2#QZ'MZ5FRWC(9VM[J272&GB5[A9BQC!#;\/G.W.SD'C)Z8X





9_

=:Z#

MW;B]6S

XSF@#MZ*Y^2-UU)H



MEMC% V #DKDN
=

MTC


M:+YH3?C!.0

MHS] .U %ZBLCQ+YOV&#RKF6 F[A4M'C)!D4=P?K_ #R.*J2ZC=;;JYBO/^/6


9!QGG- '2T51TH


M \\L*AU?



9J33KB



MISJZ0=1S+]NF@EC8*T120.V#G.2$48Z8XH OS316\32SRI%&O+.[!0/J345K





M9E

[)L






D_E1H%:(


MA Y. 





MM+T]K9;9K&V-NK;EB
*[ ?4#&
\FN:TG4[^/1]/L]
M//F2S29MP7!!+ #EU

M=W;)&
U26B6L< 2S6%85) 6$ *#WZ5E0W^JMY5K<



1&Q(D0L


MDTM;]GMI@R;8R3@I@_.0.
GOWH UCH^F'=G3K
[E',\J
8'3H
#\A3DTO3

M+'(''UJT]]J4\U_' ]K;K;(KJ6C:0L&4G^\N#Q[T :0TZT3R!'!'&MNQ:-41
M0%)&.../PJU7/VM_J%I%I[W]Q;O:SP9
@@8.';@=Y'(!Y]L=ZV;/[1]EC-

:1QJ
*B


96%1L

M-S*!$N)/][CG\:0Z98$0@V-L1!_J@8E_=\Y^7CCGTK(M]:O5^VO=M;$6$3O/
M''&0TA&[!0EC\N!CD=01]&R:QK





MD_DQZ7$EU(T;2LRJ
$!BN




MT[698I;6W^Q


$[?3)[5$VCZ8^_=IUFV]M[Y@4[FYY/')Y/Y
MFJ/A^..\T2R\]GEEMG()D +(ZD@@'G@=


S$




MYKMM'.XX )Y&
CUH TS86;212-:0%X?]4QC&4_W3CC\*G#H79 REU )4'D9Z



MTOSCT/'(K/GU*^MX[]66!Y()(PKA2%1'QDL


%

M*R1PR/:1QLIC# -D'+$=@
9P
\=S0!9FTO2%5C-8V($C@L7A3YFYQG(Y/)_.





Q2
C 'D@D')!]#FK#:=:M

MD49/(^H% %M](LG@2%TD81MN1S
YD4^SYW#KZU-9V-M8(Z6L*Q*[EVQ_$QZD

M1D?


MNAR2

MQNA9UGY2P!SN!'0Y_J5CJL@N;M(YI=5M8DC



07/G/U'
MP

M:?;C4&O@)?M#+M)\Y]N/3;G;^G7FF7.E6=U
\LT;




M;!'.1QUSG))J_10 5GS:+93W4ER_V@2R@*[)=2ID#H
!@

MR9V9I$/(8MUJU10!172;-;62W\MV20 

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** L[5]+&J1-FB7'1GBW


M9XI7DC=X-Q4
I7;][[HST&.G.3S6W10!BV^AS6^FV%NEZHGL3^ZE$7RL
$89



MGKG.

?X5-110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%


L61 &Z*68+D^PSD_2FV%W

D8R.M %^BL:&:Y:-'::?_CZ
9SLQM$A
M&.!GH*OWDDT


Q7=^]5BQ4$9]/4#-
@#H:*IV)D*3,V\L'PH=C@X'N.*I3
MWK2ZA:!3M1UF1@)N&&WKQP1_6@#9HJKITKRVBL[B3L' QOQQGH.OMQ1J4\E
MKIUQ/%@R1H67(R

C!C
Z
M[6=

3S! 5#)N_+UR



2X#$9XZGICU[57DG-NEI:KJ*@

M&\H9@2I95Q@

M2





!5'8






T3('D8[#@G'3M]*I


MB0A8_







#'XU::=%N$@8D.ZEEXX('7G\


[0=_W07#'@GIQ

=?\: (;S3Y+FYED65422)(^1D
M\

))Q*\C%1MP
MFWH

M[8$8
Q/5R.0![9Q^55K WD


0G\M5.[Y?KD@=N::NK6KE1'YK[G9!
MB-AEAG(Y Z;3FIHKN*1)6)

M5(V


%8J
\_P30!GQN#-B./RS]GBQ)NP X+Y''/(


 +VD9:Y@.\I&T?E

*#-*MG
5W*&+

2^CD3SE*-Y0$!5FC4?
91D9 ] *35%



#V.1D_7VK82SMXY



@]J=]F@SG
H4DC]6- &;JA;^T;<Q2N) 0H
M41$XSDGYN!S@<'TI4687;AG8O,X&8RFY% ')&#W)_.M22)9A;^!MP^M
:WB


ML!&/OGVJ_);PRRI(\8
B A6Z$ XR ?P%-2T@0_*F

MRR$[P



MN%FBF)

M.6.

-QS@L23CTY)HCLX(O-\N


MBCD

98Q!E:X'81[AS^?YC=Z4U+4?VI;K-$N0DQ7!/(#)M/UK
M5V+AAM&&Z\=:B^S1[^TX/F[2N=QQ@XSQT[@EK$4Q7S872[?*B8$A@6(_
M/D _A3H1+#JRHRH?-@8L^]B?D88'/^^:NB%/-\T@L_8DYV_3TIJ6D*73W*AO



MM7SAE$C#++]W/\ #]*BM;&T8F$.
J%PTC

.
M74N!PHQP.



M&?KCFII8IWOX'Q'Y$88DY.[)&
8Q[GOVIM]:O= Q*=BL
-)N.0/8=
^Y_6@
M%&EU-M[R+B)3P2#]X^PJMK]R8+_ $M0X!




5KV]O/#.6'D*C

'_Z]4[I
MF4:$1YDI\_\ B(W-^YDZGIFMUMS'8%D2-RIW[.1N/4]LYZU573KC%COE1F
MM9/
).?G^1DQCL/F_3\: %U2:46
;D&!C.@;
FWY=PSEAT&*SX;I)))6%NK0

M20H8\=



MPAN ACC^:)DWD_





MOZ5%J(=Y[6


M[@P5



MG?I0!3M


?S-SG



MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB









;=)A&9$
M+



M+*[AU=7@218'8M

]Z -&POK;4;5;FTE66)NZG./8^A]


MV@EE(/ !.

)49@TEP4P5QD8'U'ZU'I,=S'J&IM/
M:20QS3B2-V9& 15[
2/ND\]J9JMK)=ZM9 VMR]O&K[IH9Q'M+8 Z
&['./4


MC- %/4-36QN+6-HRRS2!'?.!&#P?JV!_P#JJ_7/7FGWFJVM])+]MLWD7:EN
MI@.X+RISS@Y)/WA_6M?3I;F:RB:\MVM[C: Z%E;GN05)&* %-_9B=X#=P9%
M+-'Y@W*/4CJ!187]KJ5OY]G





VMW4!OI);&+[-8






R6XL








MZ?J:Z5+ ]@\CW&F+:C
J9BD16'/S8PQ(((_'';IK)9$LH%F14D6-0RJVX X]


C




MWQ


AD=2IP2XZ@XR 



TB-%*
MC_NV:




&))#O9D&&=SG)88^G.3GGTYI: )4M98Y($B5)
M-J-'T*N


*6**12T#HK-
M\VXY('S8*9SS^1I=6#RZS81QR7D!R9F@@+ ;L  L591T/TQVH TK&\BO[<3
M0[MNYD(88*L#@@CU!%3US.L:5##:+9P63W#M%
RSR*\N)#SG X#D\ACC';KB

TBM:Q%3=0



E0=IYQSCI6TN7C&]-I(Y4G./:
M@!(9HYT+Q.'4
5R/4'!'Y@U)7(VUDMI:P)+ICFU2\F^TQ) 3N!9O+)4#YU (







M7RG&3GMDXH TK+4;6^

MQ#JNQB#EAC _K3JYM-2W:M8*+QXO/M)6


0.DQ8 ;A@-&?N'' QP<$T ;:
M.LB*Z
&5AD$'((H1BP.49


^FRSRL\%P






W
MMK'IVFK_ &SYTIB5!9[XR02.F% ;CW)H ZNBN5M;AKBXTT/=7(N+F22.]B$K



_H:?7'V31ZB^@37-U.S36DBL\=PZDR#9QE2.?O9^G/2M3
M1HI3

M

@?C65:ZDA:SE.JM*7U*6W)
M_#1?/MX'']P@X[C'6@#KPP894@\XXI:XJ%C;:;%MX]KUY.MQ-*\C!#O;8
MP=2N?7(SQG.:NP,3KMC9W.KR7)-H[;4D,0=@Z[3@')XSU)R 3TS0!U%(6C+

D.X!59SQG/'UK-U*TF6U;6'U#


'/&
#F@#8L[R.]2

J)\+M(P05!P?QSCM1!?[M6;[
M/=SB.2&X5C+


#%
MS(5P1G)*YV\ @G(P?6F6FHZL[/[=?R11M8QM#

MH Z^BN+NM0G

R.LBN@
M8
IR#Q0!-1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 445G7=U=1ZO;VD30B.XMY64M&25=2N#]X9'S#CCIUYH T::S*BEF(50
DD
MX KGK76=2NTM-B6D9GL&NBY5FPP*C&W(X^;U_ERL^HRZKI[Q11PJK6W,RRJ
M6#!U.%'/'0\\]N* -UUCNK9E#DQRIC=&V,@CJ/YBH;:Q
!4R74]QL^YYNT;
M.



M=C;XY$(RK=

M16[ L#\H]R
?2MV@!$18T5$4*JC  & !3JYA;]%\0P7H^T!+HM;/OA=8]O\

C
\X8X)7##[O/'/3M0!O45@-J
M]]$-2EF2W*6
GE^6BG





ML&EW=I8+8I': SRLR*MSE.

&)%1T


M2
'.03T)'&.M7*YTZUJ4T-M'9VBRW+0F63:!M.&*X 9UQDCKDX]#3WUB^B^W
MS3PPPQV4*RM#R[ME=NX$ '(]* -N9U2

!W['KD9!/%7
@'2L[4M0U&UN;J&$VS-Y EM5:-B7;=@J?F'<KSQ][VH VZ8\B

M('IM//O4VMWL^GZ?]HMTC=A(B$2$@ 



G'YT 2UFBUGUW[5'?
MEKFWB,3VZ.AJV#\PQN'(!Z]JJVNJ7LWV%V^SB+48BT.U&)A;9N ;YOF&
]-
MO3WJ3PW_P#9L4]P89)?GND6U@I;)!))SDC/;M0!I3W5O;&

M+N/H

Y..5
MR3@\8&.
TZSU74+VXTZ-%MHDNK(7+
59SG*9 &1@?-ZG_$ WJ*YNZU6]DTR^


M9Y


':Q





MYXP6'O0!J30I- T+[@C#:=K%3CV(Y%0PZ?;0:?\ 84C)MMAC\MW9_E/&
DDX


5;I;5C%<!HP2 0=V 3UQTZB@#3L;46RRL


;Y))&D=L= 68DXIUQ86]


]O$FF2)-
SK^^9HT!4
M9XRNX@^NV@#5L[:.SM(;:$8CA0(H]@
42VL
L\
\D8:6'/EM_=R
&I1G SUK
M&NS/%XB$EI)I6LV^628HO#K['!^@^M %T:39R%HD)2%7
BA)&4JQ).0P.1
MR3WJ

R
;58X);4W$3/*=S$



;:2


(99?



3;18\YP\K


SD P_P#/3[OKQMZY]N:;)K26T$LIM4@_TPP




_:@#2O;-+V)8W=X]DBR*R$ @J<CJ#5!_#Z.)A]OO%\VY6Y./+
M.'7&
93IPO7^Z/?-^:\2WL_M-PCQ#CY&P6R3@+P2
Y('!K+U76I$T;47MX)X

MB*S1

8 (X '7MZU*E@Z6_E
M&^NG/\

:J6D;;DYW @#D=L^] %



MC28H-C





CH
@'!QR*

M!!Q@@U
NE@:E#?&[N7DBC

M$D\LC$BC. 00?4\C!YJ[10!ES:(LKB3[;=+

=B#TK1HH S4T:((()IH=D'D#85^[V..HR?;G
MI4


MRG(*MZ']#6C10!AW.AW

MNXY'S'N*?-IM[+?PW?VV'?' \14VYP2V
D?/P
JO'/?GGC6HH P[/0KBRBA$

=R([-;0VOEB
[P.S!]W7(':MN

-LLM_9(95D+V(#






)8R
M(X6D

MO

\9]


BH5O0(5:65E;8&.7C .1GOVH
M TJ*I6



$CD9SBH)YF






;NX_'C% %VBL^\N9(;N-!(R1NG!6

)7!);J

9.[D


MK16\B-HMRY
:


MFDMY \4H9MT94[AMR


M



D:*Q
MWH7# J5P






MJ$TBQ%!'&(RYA


=2_S_ #


D

8#K]S/][T




4?''&,#&.QQSSUHL8X_MAD*W,;,Y*KME].=Q/

MR;OW4B[1_$

MCD0*4(&




65[]F2+SC*OF
TS[6 !

MR[E(R1GN.M &#8QX:UB90'B$(*%0K!6]\\KG\*ENX =6)VV_* ;O(R06;Y

M


M3+#NVAF0[E*G(.#P:9:V$-H[O$\[%NOFSO(/P#$XJPB*B[5  H S]4
:75@\

M
):(8@8

M9^SR3



IV
@

MQR*0).'V



MKUS;QW4+12@E&ZX8J?S%/A4+\H P
=J 
#R_O1.@5RSL491DEIB5_0'\*Z

5W9(8HTVF0 J.J@8!_(TR]\RXG-O##)&2/
M




4=FSSGH.
M?E]Z-*B$5O%*MM BF

[5&

1V0





63&<?*6E;OU_A'7/^2ESJ-Q%<R(HBVK


\V7+%XV


(!N)!;UX ^;_ #W (M-GN'/ER2HWEC=( AZG
M)VABW;([=
5!/=2VKRS&X+!V7Y5Y$D  9&

MQ200W7VN^:57
;3 P_OB/E\M!P!_M!J )(;X75O*1%/#(J9(DC*]1Q@GK_GI
M587BQ6VZ4\K&K

MJNH;&

PECCC?T



M1


M[JAU+?R_2F#3

MCD9[4MN9I+\HUU



MSU4D'!'?I^I]: 


M(QSG'N:I^1
--FC\MM[7#
 


KP
M6









MWF9E &.'*@?K0!#:7K7:JZ6TBQEF4LQ7C!(Z ^HJ=YHHSAY$4XSAF K.TBWC


;[?GDV[


@U:7C7#@%(E





MR6S@X8!QAOH1SC\C6:LD


;LQWJ2$9_NX&/NXX


J-J)MZ)9F
M.*-
%VC&G<8SSGB@#9FU&&Y6%F''WR<_+TQV[YH@OHY9'5BJ?O
M3''\W+X')_



$19?G8$ )]T
MGGH


M

 /]KC

4L

VZ.)FV$':7.T#MWJ[:W

PV9ADDSE

1 [%ESPS]U_SWR.U2W





M@


M\*S[625I;4M
[!_



M


4 65BC65I511(P 9@.2!TR:&C1I5D*@NH(4]P#C/\A6?I[F:WLGM7



;;_ ..XK&N8U;3]
M0D+KN#3XSMSPS8ZC/ZT =!+;03D&:&.0CH74'%1_8++_ )]+?_OVO^%0ZG*T


MR[QAFD*$1%BC




GG_

ML2*BDEL*

K) B0R[43!^8X)XSSQ[N@H **** B



MV

-+

M*SJL:A&)^523GH
$[NE.:U'VJ.50


@$]:
M *EUIQ9(S%ME91L=9R2)$.






-I

0#CV_05'-93F87L;Q_:U&U58?)L_N
MYZ_C^F.*2/50TC IE!L *]=S2

MC*/:QNS $L2!R/?!)_*JT&E26]UYSWN/,PKAHPI0#IMQQW].?7M5J*\EDO3
M;^0I#






MN(X@H/FHY[='#'^1J?:NXM@;B
$XYQ5:UDNIHX96\@*P#
%)
M/4= :KWNI/;3[0JA3@*K [F)=5)]@

MSS]WVJ2.UN/]

1W63R 0 0(Y=Y_'@51_M8FSEG4QL6
)##!4''
M/S9/3/XB@!R:;)-IMO:7+;%A10-AR=Z@8/([$=/S]*FFM;B\TV2VNI DC_+Y


[/K


M$
CL5+*X+;MI &
#/8?XU?P
YQS1@9SCGUH R;5+=;J[9IW \]2G[YOF^1/?


M((R#VH S;BVVSVYA6X
C
H
@=B H.2#SWQ^M5KYQ]JNDY+&6W; ST# D\5N4
MF* 

:EB 0IR_P N
8Z$?G[U
MNT8'I0!E6
$
&H2;(8T A!^2





;(+





M-QCYODR#M7UP1T'0$CKBML@$$$9!ZT  # &!0!2NF%]8'R) 8)$):13R5]!]


M44 %%%5KK4+*R95N[RWMRPRHEE5

M 444A( ))P!WH 6BJ




$@


M!(&!D]

NX$ \CKTH ?12*=R

MPX4N
 #@DD#)/;-)I5]?:G=PH][Y2-8PW)$
:YW-D

BTCZ]/NBISI.G


MUM7.VXQK\QZX;UZYY]: 

#I@\]



@CW% '
)=W%SMAGGDWV^IK&KRJ@?;

 $'(.!V[5K_8+/RI(


LC^@&P$$


M& .



Y1B



M/PI?[/LMTS?9+?=.
<JZJJ(Z[<'(

8@;:?49Z&@#$T-C9:K<V+VTUM'<



A2
 J
PH RO.UB*YT^UN;R%#+/)'(8@'8KY99



M2




MI]2T2[#SB#;I2W#(H'[TNC9ZCH
8XYR:Z33W233[9XV5U
2D
IR#Q3#I6G&.
M.






MM
+L6TDGS!3F/S P7GMU&?\ ZVA_8]E]E:V:.1XF(.'F=BN.FTDY7';&*&T:


MN[OR;6/R4NI'F'FM$VS;&0

M5[Z22W





M)XS@Y/4GKWH ;J]Y-90Q21(2A?$L@B:7RUP3G:ISZ#/;.:H3:S?RSB/3+5+O
M9%'*Y0J5?=G@$NI XX.&^E;-Q;17*A9=_'0H[(1]I!%5SI-D9(I!4:)!&I


M;01UP3[9JVVB6#
6

MR*T+L1\N=H4-ES]

MV2^0&.[G!*],9S[5-_86G_8Y+3R7^SR#!C\Y\ 9R0.?E'L,G_82]U;^9$G
MD69W0

MD7CGKG\*LQ7FHW4[1Q100/ L9FCFRQ+


M-A/)N3/4!MV0#CIG%2RZ7:2SK

UM6OD\W/

C

M3]


]SCWJ.R1)/ 
2R*K+]@Z




:HS2 

M1VZQR7LEHR+N)^7?\P;_ (!TQW[5H3:1933/+)$Q9W61L2

MHTT'3XQ&%2;]W

3\%





$G./;I0!3@OK\W$UE-);
M?:TF0(5A8*T1&=V-Y/9AUZBCQ-:Q7%O:





MQVXXH 99ZU)






-NML\;7$31\$LIQALG'RD=.I'U !&WB8
L



-&51;
M[=+-;H8Q
FYD/\+#;
M@C@=L\=:=!H\5M=1SP7$Z.'R%CRI7;USR




NCP2W$LGF2K'.P::!2







\\8F8/+$I&QVP!GD9!P!T(


_6M*+0HXUMD-
MY=2);[P%?9APW4-A?Y8IH\.6K&

R6



M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %4;S48[:\M[0K*

MCN9]]TRNS
(RJ':Q!P?NY'IG(J9]=TV*&::6X\M(1N8R1LN1G *Y'S ]B
YK

'GQ IO!Q\
MQPN1TSCG)[T :\NKV4

M4_RNV
=NAR








!UPH&?PJC;Z7?VUII




M39Z-?6$L=QT$LD;S@1R2, R2.&Y;!.1@=CF@\==LOM(BWOY9@\_P _8WEA

FM+TWK7
8MR7M

M7Y=;TZ'?NNE;8@D;8I?:AZ

MNS+M\X)&(V.

M&HO9PJLZ_:X\A;@SONB!).


NQW%!C

NS((ZX&

M] &C<ZC:6DRPS38F=2ZQJI9V ZX4 DTR'6+<KY=P&#QF56VL%91UPV

M13+VWNWU2TN8(X&CA20-OD*L2P'3GC@?G6?!INK0P6*+-)+9)%+^:S#+#


4
ZR1 R

+M((*@8)R2

-D'N)_

-C


Q7N=H&0!GG(XJW&Z2QK)&P9& 96!
MR#WKG%T&Y*6;W-KI]RTO&T
Q+(0S!@P8IP1TZ5T
$:PP)$J(BHH 6

M'I0!)1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5#

M?2@!VI:N8M0CL+6XLTN&B:7-P_'&

)$.2I ^9LG[N,^X^M4(M
M/OC8VAEL;D&XF9X4N1&[+(S$
K*^
C/0D=Z .BFO;2!(WFNH8TE.$9Y  Y]

$9S]


M8K--+D@$5]-*VUH@$1@X4\-V#C@?W3[9FT[13':*YLK@W





&YB.H ]JQM8M=0N;O$-J/*CN


LICF7S


&E


V7]FR/9&;[/;R6[1JZ9&2I#<D#'RGISR..U+;Z=<V%
M[I[K8&7R+.6.22)D R2&5!N() P0.




?F6\J2I



M6&4R



%1C

;$TBM)<%/ND C 0_P!X?K5G
M3/
&G6ZS0O#(B!61RI((&/X21^M9^IV4EYKMFSVUR;:.*16FBG\O!8KCHP8C


MD(9@I!S@YSSZ4 7[/6=-O@@M[ZW=W7=Y8E4N!C/(![5;@GAN85FMY8YHF^Z\
M;!E/;@BL22VNX]/TR6.


B:57DNGE000$/=A4^E7XU*T
PC
;+(T;*3D!E.#@
M]QQUK-U:T:YUN6;1WOK6*!TY\I@68J00'8= 


RPBZ@
K)O5/
&XK

N\JJ


HPVJVPM  9KC
RE&=0[


M()]B.]203PW$8D@E26
]&1@P/XBN9M=.O#'8V\VFS)$NFM:S$2QKAR5[AB?X


!GZ<CGWJMJJ7+FW%M '^<AY J%XP01E=
MQ 'OUX[&L2QTZ]M9+)I-+9FATUK=W5XR2_&!RP/\)'_ OK@ Z/\ MR\YX?M
M=OYL:[W3S%W*N
Y(SP

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***P/$UN+I5B%D9Y&AD\N4QLX1L#& .
MQ[
2
_:-.N)+IU
MC-J1%N*)A<KN'G=NR




$CCG%


MX +@9QCJ:MUR^G&6!=%AEMKD&&25&(MWVJ.57UP.1U/3VYKI+C9]GE\P.4V'

MEP!D@9.


'7)&1Z@X/ZBN3LHPLMA*;*Z$AO[CS&



HR0
L5*


W#V<J7Z7+?:9FC
M.V2,[LY<\,I! Y...!BK5EIL

C;CG(RPXYX% &UN





MG(X'2M#PI;+#HELSVS0W31A9S)$4=B




^CRRZM=

M:XM)6




M2^ACU!I!;Q0RK(43/S.P8' QC ^OO3KS4[B*?4HX;Z,M!+0C*I**Q (&



UNZ9]L%FJZA)%)

\#G&






'I5K6;R2RLEDCX+S1QER
B

P!;\ : +DLB0QM)(P5%&68] *
UMDFD:2-@)=V[CYOEX7ECGD]* -:2P

4($;,:E@AZ ^W'Z4KZ;9-%Y8M8%7RS$,1+
MPAZJ,C&/;I5*ZU*]CDOTC@1C;F+R]BM(=K9RQ48)QC.!^=13ZVZ06UPCQ&V<
M/YEQY+LBD' 5L<I[D@XP10!M+&BQ(+E NW!YXJ.UL[6R0I:6T-NC')6) H)

MKL)&[._)Y'3:.O6@#1:PTP/Y36EIND#?(8URP/WN








/&/3\;+:98/#Y+V-LT7'R&)2O'3C':L/5KY(M6AOA]H LY
MA$Q$+F,QMQ(2^-O!([_P5TDK%8G92N0I(W' _$^E $,EMMR]HL$,YJ9&BW9

G!XVUC^(FN9EUV:2)[6*R21(C%RK'?@YSURO7'ITQR ;=E
MH]M;P2Q206K+

E #X+:Q0W6\%NI=L3K&BC<2
_-CO@]_6J5YH-M)''':064
:
6

EHKQ







$;R+!(C1G:

M=98UE0L;ASG*( PY&/?J* -V6&*=0LT:2*& =00.0:K_V5IQS_ 
2^UY?S
M/]2OWO[W3K[UFSZEJ4#7886FVT


M4DPBV*C



M^3:R66T
B[%



AA


M

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ JK=:?;7DBO.C



?.?MTP,X&/:D.DV;0$QOL&0<2NV3D[CG+9/7.<]ZJ^(
MT/D6TB&Z+X1-EO.T9<

!^9XJ'19Y5UB[M)/M







=3N38RW4FF[K8V_G)MF4
MEA_=8'&#@YXR.#WX( ]] TZ165XI3O148FXDR0I) SNSQDT]]%L9#.9(I'
^



S
S8&.222?_P!?J:/[
M+L_M;77E'S&8

=LX/)[ X




F=\A?N]3U'7/7D\\FKEO;QVT?EQ[R/5W9V/U+$DU5U;4'


\4



E5;74S/J$EHR1))'C<HFR_3D[2!E<X /?VJ34+R
M6SDML0H\


GEOM=E#KZ
 0#U[]*$TBQCF26*#RV50N(



XQGO5.;1Y!=@P)F$1K$






M-
P*R





2V
M\4:W*2$GSB?+=
Y4_+['OV/''

K(D

D=0!Q]2* -

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ JK+9F6^AN?M


M!68
!C/3ACTXY(S[U8;Q):1V
20=PZ9Z^E $^HZ?]O$(^USVXB<2#RMG+#H3N4]*;::


MV[#VQ)AERFZ-3U4?+@KQT(/;T%:]% &?%I2)J4EZUS/(TD0A:-]I4J
G^[GJ

Y](CDB@CEN)Y$A*

MFDC4@@[-I# XX(8$=JIW&@VLXE4R3I'- L$D:

GH?K6K10!GPZ







57'F-
M@L??IC]








\4JC[.3L\O;@?

M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH

:E';Z?-<QJSF-_*56!4
^[8!DCIN(&1D4 7J*R)-4ETZY\K5'

C@C'KGB@#











Q*95E!7 ZGO








M)XQCGIZT ;%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444

M/3((.*K_ -C61C='6:4. #YMQ)(1@YX+






!87!:!BT;&ZE)4
M].N[)XR.?4^M
3P]IB;
0R
$C:(*\\C+L;JNV/\!ZM2B@#/.BV1,)(NT
M!)C8W


M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
? BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#_V0$!
end








begin 644 exhibit10-22x10x1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!# ! +# X
A .#0X2$1 3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB



'@#!Z=?2KV@D0K';K+?L
ML+O&B-51@


38&

Z\M8O*C8Y)8Y_+G'- &N&Z$'G'%
M+7&6EU;VMM:7L[6SK<01F7=<A#YLCY)(Z\;LG/0#OBM19HK;PW<@AY3)'D^
MSR E.68$



MRG[396]M^X$1FBG+R
!T_A&.IK7HH R3HZM]MB4+%!-&B1[1RN 0?YU;M+%+

CEGE;+%=W
M^SQG=TZ#I6M!YY0_:!&&R<
DC';KWJ6B@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **YF]UN]M=9NK*2^TVW2.(2Q&:%LODG_PL&3QU

]!G&.* -6BLV77=.BD1#.S


5&WEL<O_ '3QP?KBGIK-A)9_:UG)

M &[@]!DYZ]*NPZQ8W$YABF+2!2X'EL-ZCJ5./F_#- %^BLI/$6ER69NTN6:

HF8K\N



&1T9
C/S;@!Z8Q4QUBQ%NLQD?#/Y801.7W8SC9

@^QI] !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!SEUH5SJ&K7LE[#:FRNH1#\LS%UVD
ME6QLQG..



S/UP
$


RF0D'?M/W?0@'G.:ZB@#E;KPY=2Z'+;Q) EY.T7G.]U+(I'((+ GV
MQCCU.*=/X?O[JUUR*1K:

ML36HC6



ID;80QR&!VYR/3'XT'P]?0&R2V:WDCMK*2V+2
M2
I9F'7 4X&??^5=110!SMMH=W%I^G1GR([NT41_:(Y&RJYY[?


MH YNQT.^M?!DNCL;8W+(Z*PD;80Q/).W/&3QCM^5N33]0&BV%G;RPQ20&)9P

M+&\EMYAU
7R 2
5QD94G;Q^5=910!RM[X9O+ZZUEY)8(TOUB
95F)5H\8R
=



M)

*EBH)]
^G%
XH MT51O+YX828X7\PL%4.APQ)Z<?SJ877S8
$





]A@')]Q0!?HJC;WDLLP4P_+

MP[0LHCW'RQT)/'.X]LU9EN64H8U8KGY]T;# ]1Q0!9HJ&VN([J!9H=QC;[I9

")0
M55TC'^$_P (_F?_ -=.M9_/A!.!(ORR*/X6'44 345DQZLS20*6@.^1D=5;

LJ2
D4
MI7'W@I



M?:)
+^[89X]R/SK31V^R@6BN3RJF;=QCN=W)_K^M6:6@# AM)X[^Z6VB=$B
M;S';J27R3@
M#)/;0R0P2I





&8DS$G*E2
 MM')
M]_PK?I




B@

M!0U42O$T



MMY8X].DCWR(;0YWMPA(CX!_ \5
8/)L--$W[N6
(C'(^3Y3GV[?I6K1@'''2

!W ///K5C55E:9UBC%QYB*C1K]Y$#

X'6@#(MB[Q1 128^V2-DKC WO^-7=3(%BY/3*_\ H0JW




C\ZM03Q7

PV-O\ :+@N(P04C9R


K'&TFT'NVT':/KBGR7D*6+W@+20JI?
:EB0/0#K0!8HJ.&59H(Y5


MMR* +5%%% !1110 444FX%BH(R.2/2@!:*0
M-C8O&K,C1E@4;&5]C@D?D: 'T4W<?





IQ%

*3S'::/:<9?#Y.X'(8CUJ.U)23R8)Y5O?[1DWV_F
/W+2DD



LLCJTGRX&X.N.Y S@\\59DNI;74;-9KG[49!'%A)#&Y


X'![UV5% &4\UO!X<



D]_7FNSHH Y2._A
MBWDU06


5R?+SSR?F4_E4FJRQ:.&.\NOM-O'
M$Q+W1E=_P S8Y+YYSG( QTKJJ9%+'




ZA+GR9@\^0%
9
2WG^5XR4EB(/;
MJ#R*YVWO?-M]-74[R:WAEL(Y(YQ










*/E^?MZ5LS:1933/+)$Q9W61L2

QE


SN79C


L@N9P


MCM1(JNQ8AY7?D\D_

]:;:+8-(LGE.&68SC;*ZX<]3
M@'W/'3D^IIHT+3Q'L$4G^M

M2$.#AO3/3'O66IN;;Q!?2R/:+.;&-B^THGWW&6Y).!QUYP.E;[6\+6S6[QAH
MF4JRMR&!ZYSUJ@/#VEC.;8LQC$6]Y79@H.X 

YCB*2.<L%=@C'U*YVD\=



BSL=)&1AGJ



MOH5BG$FQ6# 1RM'R.G*D4 8NA7(CUBXMF
_^E1BY'G0R1_O!Q(!O X^[TI\&

3V8.^0/;F-O



NFV-PL44DM_\
MZJ../_5X4DYW.H;H.
KWZT^75=7Q#;Q:=B]
9ED0[&& V!_RT&


MRKO6M1@^WL;:WB%G;1W!1R79L[MRDC !^4C(R/KGB2ZUF[LY[B!XHI91Y)B\

LS-;M



M6


M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%)4:7$+I$Z2HRS?ZLAAA^


9_F*5F55+
0 .Y-

0 !DD

M0^E.H ***C\Z+YOWB?*VT_-T.


MQZT .HIK


MHHH **** 
8.UOXBCC8W2)


MXP;;1Q(
1D#O@?ZIO]K^@K;N83
H5=BG^\5W$#V]ZKOID0M!# QB=!\DA^8@



 @D8^@
MJ

M+$EP)BX(+
D3[)#QMX[8P


M/;
D\/ Y

B?



JNT'\P..



.


MQN8+Z G^= &?#&K-9BX&(_);.XX&


A+R6UTFXDC

I 6$/QR0V.:AOK26ZV(LRI#N'F IEB!S@'

\GF!@!N89R?Q)S6IUJL;:1K]9WF

M:\CA

&6[9=VT'_6GL0
=?KP:W[6TDM6=$GS;D?(A
M7E#['T]L?I52'1VA1


2!MQ\H&
N1B@!\+[K?S8'-P'Y4LP _EP/PK/<XCDNQ/;ZQ
MGSC+A0!_#C^[UX_'@]-2V@M]_D0I'O.YMBXR?6JG]FO_9CV?VE@'1ESM&!G

M9K

M&P.V(@KAB.G3I52XTI)[J)V8B)&+E0S!F8J5SNSZ$T 6WDE&/+A+ C/+ 8IC

MABBIM(RHQGGZ_

MZ^U/LK$V)*13%H#EBKKEMQ_VO3VQ]
#B@Y1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110!3U]^Q)$VU2K




M/3N

0?I@]:?J /_,RC!S]F''X4 ._M;8L0CQ=%URI0X
K

05SNW;@(F;( SP0/I
M5-FBCU%

M7O0!:%XYDMU\GB9B
[N5 !))&/48_&H_[0D_M*2V$#
JJ
 
NXGN?O=
%?SJ


YG/7 QT'^UW^@]Q4.DI;I86L014F-NH
8T# !Q^51R:=)+!.Y\G]X4
Y)I]Y<SQ6H
42_:& )4DE4

P/!!5E!_[Z(K1U-I@L:I


C&.#SZ]J








M';11X)P#(-[8/X


CK6=!:R03Z

MG:.




_Y- #[F_FCFCBCM)=Q)
U6

MEW/=SL4=EWH)3^[!7C&#SC'/U)H Z+:P; R.AJ.XBN/
\IP_EN4;'9AU%5

?X\U6FC='MTM9UMI#F-

4DES%$FZ0LBY RR$#).!V]:S]4D:&5)3\SQVDS_*
M2H)!C/8Y _&JM_(Y



R3Q[XR2NXKR


T]V5$9W.%49)]
5F




W7'$C/IDE-S;F(2R
(TW8!E&SG_ (%C
MTK%1PAC\M2@6PE64 EV#'''.._M6OIV[[&NXL3N;EB2?O'UH 7[?9?\_=O
M_P!_%_QIQN8/LWVH.&BVY#J




M(JY/(.P''4XYXY__ %XH FBNK:=S'%/%(V

#=V/?I1?KNO-0.TL4ACVG.-N2V?Y#\J

3)!G!5-PW9. ..IK.=3!+;H4D#&[P7+'$
MF5+;L?ICVJ*6%I=;;8CR0A I'G



M;C@*W'T'YD4 7\8Z5 +RU$HA69_\ =4YV_7'3IWJ)5U8Q!W*K!N*EB1D





M- KQ$-&P^7 XQ574XHQ:32[


M44 %%%% #2JE@2 2.A/:HX[=8[B:8')EQQCI@8J#5KJ2SLUEAV[S-%'\RYX:

MR%Y
Q

R.3NQ5&SOYY%E9D5LS


.K
M\=RI!'\A2_9X=SDQJ2[!VR
Y88P?T'Y55O[MHKBWAC?:3ND?C(*J#QG!QD_R
M-1Q7\C7
BD#:SHJ9#8Y&?[O\Z +DEL)+A)Q(R
B%!MQT)!/4?[(I$M?+8E9I


M (QU (H O+ JW
DX)W2(J$=L*21_Z$::EOMNWG
KL64*%.


9;E6W[;H%90&^\




&K-)9Q;97:5VB


?@
'/TMW377V=5@ $YP6(Z#')Z



M2



O'..HIHNV6242R,JB0JI!0#@#CGZT 36UDD$TTI=Y7FPT



@  [FG?95%NT4;.A;)
M+J?FSZY[FDM[GS@Q



M_OZ:A;46.G1W*0

M%M+.-+5+92_DJ





4F'EB).!Z_I0!#J




98@H2!


Y%ON:?!0.0-
ML8/7G'L.!S1:1R6\\=JZRF.-
1R*?D(  P1V/Y_6K
]W%!$\A;=L&2JD%OP%

$\Y'U&.:=;7*7

MTF;:7*M+&5+E@22 0.[$=*M&_A^SQSKN9))!&
#D




))CF0.N1@X(R* 

S&0*&VJA8XYYX'L: ([

^/EZYCO]*M1W/F2[%AFXSO9-H^

MF D5F)..!@'KZ5T%4YM0CBBNICG[,=I48RYP .?]H#GO0!!96L=J;L)9[)
MO[Z*H$@(XVD 8_H?SJE';74IEB9?F)






M)?WODF-R^Y5QG*XY ^M7-R\?


MV%
3W;\#[]<X[58J+ST$YA.0VW<
]





MA& H.3S_ +1]ZOR01RR*\@W;.5!/ /KCUI+BUBN?+
JY
;AT()!4CW'^2* *



M;2*TC9(0WS





/;&:U!ZQLJW$F6.2S8)'TXQ3?L-L%B$!0VX*0

MTDY^TQ?-)C./-7C@ITT^U2W6!81Y:C &3G'UZU--DZJL@)LKCG'(.1^HH
M R%CN%ELBL!-
PD'DH JA7((P
CD+4VA)(WAW2_+EV8M8\_+G/RBM&:))XF




_
M3BLME5[&%3' =MO]J=0F'!5D903GN
]>M;\=C!$T[*'S/@.6




#)*JRPR1@^40JL%.3DCH3G'..%%;[PI(J!L





M=0R!%9@-FUADC!&#G_ZU7)[6&X:$RIN





M;^!MFU64$@D]



M[DN+(R#*NCM*'(SDEL9]R 

:C*@@
MD


\%


MZ9TFH3QW7[QY_+
5T3\WRY650IXY  )S_6M2T@NX;PRSK&Z2*$!4X





4EQ\$6X^:A0Y( 'C)[_@/TZU!=6DX$4BL\[!?*?8W
MEMM.
Q([C'TH GO+FZ6_B/MC\XJJE3VC;KCJ
\_@*D-S++=VN3M7S\87(

C:N(R
MF




=J_3-6Z BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
N[K_#0!L6]Q#=0B:VFCFB;H\;!E/XBJ-MJBM?WEM=O!8I

M;C[AZ^H]Z -]KZT6X-NUU )@NXQF0;@/7'7%)'J%E*L31WENZRL5C*RJ0Y'8


MNP&2?KZ=36?H6GFV*R364\%PD7DL\ETTJL!C[H+'COR 15O5X9I8(#!$96CN

M$33J


M$



5G)974B+IIN;::.)%PZM
MY6P8VMO.2!UR
]^/4 TUO[-MFV[@.]RBXD'S


RPBYA
K9VH'&XXZX'M5&ZU;9K%E96\EM()


M#44;28WLUW6



%35C5[:6[TNX@AVEW7 5C@-_LGV/3\:P[W3M2O[FYG


2/SK,U*QN;B&SG\B1W28
MRSPQ3F-^5(^5@1R,@=0!45EIIM-=M9;?39(K<6TD;2-(KD



M;W_
3G
Q2L2+M0\$#S& (W=<C/;I5W4=





MMODW+W';/; W?7#M-L=1M;:V$M@TG^@_96C
B9B8$Y/7!5LCIS\HXH WM*N7


MVT7/ES;KC*[3&2

WKQ6




^


\9QT/]


M&A17


M





1

W%<=9:G&L


MT


4EZT
M9&GS&7-P58-\F1DG*XVMP
8VGT-217MUJ



M '0A@HSZTW3+BWDUS3)(KJ:Y=[:592[
Y63Y01_!T/' _.@#JZ*** BBB@


?CZX( -FH+B[@M



M  

ME+-I20J%&&&Y1@

M8DGU8SII]A=)OBMDF$EPZJ9

G QC

M/(KG[993/IXCOI/
&E2-YN$+#F

M&$DFT
7!)R-C97C'!7%2_P!H7\-OK%W)=0VDQCCC*L84JAR3@MQN/.?P[4


M^XXZ




MGEM-&'+;=I89SC.

MR)JILC'B1(@JA!8E0N.



MI12




Z
M02W




MA4JV/JI(_ BK



M6B


MVNR-MVK@8&


#.._.
M:?8



MK._MS49=EM;6J27@
6XCMK6,&U:[N+BY6.9X3\BB1B_\63D@<9''KCD Z-;*U6:
M29;:$2RC$CB,;G^I[T@L+-83+2 1%MY01C:6SG./7-9*:KJ
UQ;VJI;12/+



@ YSW- &H;*T


9ZG% &@UCIUTOFM:
MVLP9O
WF-6RW3=GUXZ^U#0:=/*LS16LDDI&URJDN5Y&#WQC/MBL?2+B:WL=*





M+JI#Y! RW.




L001Z\T :KV%G);I ]I T
?W(VC!5?H
8%
M++8VDTBR36L



1KF/)SD#MDU+#8VE
MNTK06L$1FYD*1A=_UQUZG\ZYR2ZGTK6=0GDCBFN)(;9?W*; S-(R@D%NW Y/

M2A#]1C%

M[L2

M

6Y\G<Y RI7(8*K-CH1C=V]^%AU._S$TPMB@NVM9 BLW)




M.DLSY/VG[7]FCDV$)CR_
R5W9Z9&




MD]L9X]Z -B6QLYYUGFM8))D^[(\8+#Z&EFL[6XECEGMH99(_N.Z!BOT)Z5FR

MK6 W#RF








G5].GO[[3W18S!!(S2'SFC?!4K\I4=1G/4=
M



MW+:1V=BI-S:_:5::;8H&5!7@

MSR

9].?K7+W?GQSZUY



;V*AB




2RK*I!!'EMA5'TSZ5<&BV&V5



MD_ER8X_O$H% /;#&I=4O+NVOM.AMHX72XF9'+N5. C-QP?3/X8[Y  JZ#IB[
MLVHD+Q^46E=I&VYR!EB3U_D/2G-HUDX@WK.QMWWQDW$A(;U)W9/XYQD^M0Q:







MV9BFLX7


MFBM5=49BY#R


M0F:^1;=7-MO!B$H\P[3CE3C /4')&/RH MW6F6MU
)I$=9@-OF12M$Q'H2I!

M



Z

=!4EO906


MT/5?/MHHKR??=M)
NX1%5;:[# /3. .



M(1N8R1LN1G *Y'S ]B
YI6UJP5_+:5Q*5+B(Q/O*@XR%QDC\.: +5K:Q6EI'
M:P+MBB0(HST ]ZRCX:MS;F 7=VJF%H04SL8\C[O/ID\\^N+B:SI\GW;E=O



GF0F!@



'@9(& 3Z'%6B




;6[3S+-8A-*+IV566%SMQ



MY/O6FJD1A2[
0

M:U
9,^7RSYW9^3IRW_?1]L/
MM-#BM5@ NKF3R9)'4N5YWG+*<*.,\^OOCBI5UO3V,O\ I&T1(9&9T905!P2
M1AAGN
U#)XALUEMU2.[D6?E66UE(QMSD?+\W;I0!+::/!:R1E99GCA)
$3D%





X=







%?(93&&W@EN
CH
DX ]JT9M2M(+A8)9

ML*[@T+@KN. 2
9P3WZ4Z?5+-!









M(3#&K[
%3V.%![+^0]\SKJUFT+2AY/E8*4





M:3
K

M%9I;J!(G.%=I %/T-/N+B*UMI+B9PL4:EV;T H R9=*O':[M@\!L[F83;V)\
MQ.02H&


XQG-7M5AN;FT
O7VBW]_=3RRQV2H\<.$9S(T;%B&
M!4?*=Q&?8''IJOJ:)J\5@8SB13B7/&\#.S'KMYJ:ZURLF5;N\M[=F&5$LJH
M3]

MII6R,PVR;CQ\HY!;IWQUK6%]9F1(Q=0&1PJ^8
MD9&!WX&:1+^SDAEFCNX

M!3(='OK2[AD@%O(B13AM\K*2\C;^ %/R@@#\?;G86^M'\W9=0-Y/^LQ(#L^O
%X!.LJ-5W0,I'KGT
MJ.*_LYH1-%=P21%MH=9 5)]



.






ZN[ P6:PEV=23




C


!DXS_ /6^I [T 8+B2^U?4[
R



R=EE8G)QA
3)$CN$!8XR2<?_7/M533=
M6%Q/=0W4EM'(ER8H%63F10BL

()1N8$
VU@IX!R ?







M.JDF.
*I8]AUP#^.
U/#+'/'OB8.N2

ME%?)]K^VI.)

\#:




GRPR88$^AY /YX]^]8']G7IN6EGTY[C??


2Z9?%TF

&(PQQKA8RQ;:.PR:S].CN4U;57GL94AN'5XW9D(8*BKC 8GG!
M/(Z=<5L5'--' @:5PBE@H)[DG 'XDT 8.G6U[::)%FF^7(ET[;&\LE$+
P9
M/FVY (')'?KQF'3M.N[:?3S/IS2M;RW!

[L#WKI:J?;#_ &K]B



(M08+F %-BK'O(*LNTDG

M-F@C\P03EG&X# 
;+GGW(J75+TZ=8270A
VS&5# =3C.35R@#GK73[P?9+:6


MW?QSWS77U ;RW%ZMF95^T
GF/OMSC/TH Q/#5B(7$\AODNC$$N(YHE1W'.
6XO5LS*OVAD\P1]]N<9^E*Z1WE


FQL[BULIR!IFVZJT1G;8NT \;CUPP/%5YK4Q

M233Y'$4;2
&(4$D*I8_@!R?H* .;N-
M;;5+QHM-*1/8@1M;P$;6R^X J
@G



=.M=?2T 8
4
T'B!9


MB5]+EN-

MW




#
=AVL&1E(/T(

&R,YY],TZXT]X_
M[4\JQEC$EXDDAAA4L\)1<@9!#?-N)7GOZUUU% &=HEK':6/EPO</$7++YZ!


X!#9(0+PK=R


'DCC..O8&NKHH Y+4XI+F._:2

5*DC.#U%
N;F&TMWN+B18XHQEG;







2%Z]L4
M6Z*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 



MY@CFC)SLD0

;4= 5&.F : 


2(
G)( (P:
M 

MU5E VAN. ?4=
=(IL88QN V/0X- '/:=J6H7TEC ]WY7G)<B0B-/,!CD@]U


C=Y*YYSGG'?)_

3VTUQ!+?;(Q:0RHYB!
M\MF9EPH'7.!@'/)[U5DO)KBREBN9'=K?58(U

M2P6EG)')'L#I&I#)Z9 Y'M3WTK3I$*26%JZ$ABK0J1D# /3TXH K:
?]-UC_
VAE2VBG<2/L#
M;ATO3S')&;&VV2MND7R5PY]2

.[.G69W*$.


H


M7D(HV]

T9\N
M


UK[@*-[HQV]
M

$8'.W!]*U5T?2U=773;
.K;@P@7(/KTZTY=*TY(?)2PM5B+;

_M+
M2-MW+ AG8.$VX.(V/.0?3'X^N-40Q;SA$@EV[-^T;MOIGTHDABFV^;&C[&



M.L29B;*W/G_ZW






M)+T


VH





M#Z5=AT^R@E66&SMXY$78KI$H*KZ @=*EEABG4+-&DB@A@'4$ CD&@# @DN(+

M8J0A88 (ST]?\:HP:OJ-S=V]HJVL
XW1
 2%R.#D=_7TYMZOIT]_?



M([HW*1$2%BV-[;=QZMMSMS[XS4HM(5N)9U0B



M.E..D61DN':$M]H4)(K2


MM73K;0K:_9A&/)V[-GM5(Z#IQ$@
4N)(1 _^D2?
GH?F^OYGU- %1]7U&:_:

MQ=
#ZBM%=(LEE258W#H@3/FO\ZCH&Y^?_@6:$TBR2&XA\IGCN6WRK)(SACZ\

M0RDQ
RNPP58?


M.DH6%BZ;)Y%.[^\2&!)]SDT 6;:$P*Z 1*A8LJQQ[

M&*25_
=O
(.TL2%X[9)Q^&![5-0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1124 +1124 +112#GI0 M%)10 M%%% !124M !124M !124M !129&
YX

8^IR?RH FTZ2XETZVDNT7#Q
M*TBCLV.15FHX%D6)1-())/XF5=H)]ADX'XFI* (YN5 \MW!_NG&/U%95LZS7
ME_ \,\@##







MRB75+9E&T8G4J$V\J5'8G/.?SJY'9!KFXDN$5@9Q)%@_]
PO/ZTR.P:+48Y(




M1U]

M@I?L\_EW485
3
Q!+'C(QZ5/ )E 1P@15 !5B3G\J 
  <C]*D@T^-86$\4<CEI
9Y&U

M36NDC?9)2Z2S+DCDIR


RC0B/


M HA+FW8W


[6!//X59NX7FFM&0+MBE+ODXXV
./Q(H RKNZ62P?$

$D3;U+9W%#TR/[IH IPW
QM6OGD47

@(



'\10!E:8J/=P3FV9 &WADA.&)7;P=



M'I4KVO\ I

I'&
*6 _D*)X9+J?R9+B9;


M9Y78K+]




MSP()O+\P



;@Y5(IV(Z]2V ?TIB:8/(=9)
M6:1W\S/\*GC&!Z9'?GWH ENW2SL7EDN98TB!=G&&8^W(.?I6; 9(+@&2YN5E
MNSRXB!Q@ *!\O.!CIQU]:N&R=](F@:.%;B1''R9V[B
\\C/7\:E:WNFFBE
M\Z$&

4/



/90
G'N.
M/PH M3RS11A8T




M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 0W4CQ6[R1H'=1D(3C=[9J&2[=
QU



L:$&-E'S.J]3_ +V?PIE_9KV
M.+:&-K( #T'S1U0U.T-O.7S&!/+:+'&BD9*3;F./H?T]J -:ZO6AF\E86W%
M&D#G!4*
9.

X23
M'[K/R*1G) [9SSVXH JKJHP[F-]C F'Y.7P.1^).!5JUN3(1#+_Q\+&K284@


P^8=


M9' SS^%11QRMHNGQ@XD0EAG: IY(/N10!))JLWE2^6GSI$'&^(@9() /S9








M +
#W

GEC
M:!
F

-RI




M^
?-SS0 2:G+Y2D1HDC




M




^X-


74G
M:0



2
%58K@$'D9(Z?[)]*








#
M=(Q+



M[3'M+

MO


M
D5[J5S8R6S1O'#&XG! + DXP1R



M


LA1)(W=.2 P)6G%D



M &U&Z2HLD;*ZL

M[?\ D04 3TT


R#*

]JBD$C75K L[J89S'ED!(_=

MJ@L -Q[GI0&C

]%[9IELL2WLS7!

2(M]Q,Y7UR,8IM[:&Y5
M K(A4C)*9.,@D#TZ5*&D2)?,7?)T/ECC]:I17S117L\XD:*.1B, ?*H R.O/
M(- %R6'SF4.?W8.2O]X^_M[5%':R_;S<32JX5D2A

MX(5.[:9F.1]U2



M^8TH$CRX#'& 
= !V_G[T^TMGMXG1Y!)ECM;: =O8''4CGFJZW9#/YLC+^\=

X(P


SM=(L4T<4

0K/)$I9OS.H[^H/I0 NGZ8]G;V
37
M+2UC8*@ X7&?7^=.;3WF





B!-C



<\]QTX^O/I#+I8(C,4S*Z.9#O4,KL0021^)Z$?I3KB[EAL\
MDD

M)87R?E\F$Q@#WRQR:LU1FOPEC'=#([*N&4DY9@H''N152+4;@2W1D^ZDJJ
M8GPN57V]3WH UI5=DVH^PG^+&2/I[U4GL7=888I5CMD96=N6;!R

MLAG2-/

M-WU/7\CWJN^F*^US





S






3Z 5JS31P!3(<;V+






9QAAS
=+Q&W031E&&5E0KSUX['ZC(JS37=8T+NP51R68X H Q([
M4CPU$D@D
:97)'.1VK4N(Y8K2?[(Q\]E)0N2XW8XX)J9)$=G5'5F0[7 .2I

M9TPD1.V0O*-_^M4\















MC$;DGYFQ@ ]#]


@[& _




M]#4=U!BUMXEBF

M:'VB'


M]UDW?TIL

H./SH ?11



0AR &(!^H'7\:A.F6K(RM&




MY;999H)68Y@8LON2I'/YTB6JI?RW88[Y8TC([ *6(_\ 0C0!G:C]G_M L%5I
M%MI=Q5=Q5LIM)QTZ'!/I3;=W:^C56;:ER%8!FYS!N)///)K89/E8(=C-R6 &
M:@^PP@Q




PW.2
L23QT'7M3H[%%EN':260S@



M5U8$6




ZO(SA\C!X)..../;THN;$36L=DFU+7 60=24&/


M)X&2*V)88YT2H'4,& (Z$'(/X$H[6T6V:9A(\C3/N9G(ST  X]A0!F3FY_
MM*18Y6$C 
K!L@!@-OH5Y.3[_2GZ3HNI$#.WV11%RY/SY;)(SCE=I_X%5U


$QMR?K


6+@#*Y]
BGQVXBMHX(G9%C4(#P3@#% &:A3^
MU9%\J3: H'[S_EK@D\YZ[=OX58N(P8;2.2/ \X#:S;^



]




M;R7

(970!@3M

_K2B$?:3-DY*!
?CF@G=2R#5(H1+*D9@=R$4')
M#*!V/J:9ISO*UG)(Q9VLPS$]23MS6G@9S@9]:@2UWCW/F2

MGC\J *

O6@#(AB9KV
MZ?8\)^TQ !GW

JON1_.M'2D;:[M
2!-




N5*
HP!T.6


MJ4





MK3(KV;$K%)%!;)+C[I/10OL







0R2J9!&V65?NN2
M1[\&K-Q')

. L5O*55^#RWOSQQFKE
MW%*\@
*LH4AG9&PS_PR.?U/3M[5M.MIX8K-FA)R#O1W^:+.3GK@]@1^M 7

ER2.G &*7[+NU:21
MX@8C B@D#&X


M4D

N[

S9?.
8 _^M0 RPNKEYEC**1
TDA9W.54
 !C'!P0?SIT

6?J_8^_PE.A@N8;][EHE99\*RJW
6._/7/?'H.O6G
;=


&G*]O(+E'
MRQF4H'QE6=CV]010!-;3-MFDFE)57* 8'&#C/ J3[;;_ //3]#3;!9!%(9(V
MC+2NP5L9QGVJU0!76?[1&6MB#M8J=ZD506[FCNKQY)%5(BJ
#N*YVALCCC[P



\FZ0EB
YJU(DDM

?W8X&
=CC


/X1@9'
M7/04 1RW._52GG&%((_O



M1110 4444 %%%% !1110!'/


M@4K^84_3ZT :=S?PVTK1R9^6%IB1Z+C/X\U-'


&'DW

MR

^P]: )[BX

QY=3O8*





7+[

O3J%&/

:C[0B*0HY*KN./Y?A0!KI+&YPDB




MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!LD:2H4D574]0PR#37B21XW89:)BR\]#@C^
M1-244 %0R6L
EQ'.Z9DBR5.3QD8Z?0FIJ* (C;PF4R^4GFD;?
 ^;'UZU%/I

ZMY0!



M$*QZC/7^9_

M8[B!X9E#1N


M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %

INMDA
M2:[%TUN#&@ ($8?.UG'8XQN[$^U:^GRW

MT5B'5-1FU.2*SLO

M?9(3RRC*!PS=





=ZW-3O/L%B\X4
V5
M103@%F8*




M

MO#Y*$L(O.?F1XX]@=L8SC)[ =STKF/
O+@V$UQ)#+



44US=PF=1'$


$$'[W?VY -VBN?LM0O;[






M

MR_[7^$

8NO.-M.8X$E1H594W
Q7;N.=P!Q\P_*@#H:*Q-1?5H881]IM4
M9[J- Z0MRI/0KNXY]^1Z5/:ZA

MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ANK:.[MW@FW^6XPP1V0D?4$&J






VHD:2
1N\C


I3KD 8QCG.?PH NQ:9:11W
:QLR71)F





$GGZ9J6[URXM=D9L#+.

MN_MJAQ=JA1&

$]^N/3\ \^E6;W


^_M5R^O3:M!%'&))[ARD2

MV- $#:%I[/*[12
\KB1F
\A(8# (.[Y3CCC''%/?1[.29)F6;S$C:

+B0':
V[
M07,8DC;J,X^A!'(/N*QSXAD1)1)9(\L4\43+;W =1YG )) YSQC'IVYJ2;6[
MB*WN9/L<6;2X$4^9R%52%.\';R &!/ Q@]: +3Z-8O&B-')\D@EW=PQ<# 8

MQ9Q



M!!H=@J[0DP E\X 7$GW_ %^]4K:7:


MQ4J.@VYP




MBE&BV /

M^%7M
OAJ%J)U
)!.

MGW/J:;'HNGQKM$!9?+

M8^;&

E^T1&5)41F3
M ([@8[_AWZBKL


M7M@8^G?G*6^@Q6L=HL%Y=(]JAC60%

MA !DMC]/J14+W?FPW








M$
 0

M%?F\::667R_*7?M^5202













MQ@ =S[=:CTC5O

[E/0BK


M-)
L[R((PS




M^G2IFUK3X$57NC(XA$Q 0LY3^\54?TH C308ET]K


MY/'7([8I]G8I9M
ZN\DD[[W=@H).

MCJ

M !#$$AN

*A8[NZ&(6A!RF0I/^[R1ZG/OFGVVBK;7-K.+



M*ZM+S!

MTS6D+^S




@FC2.1)7*;=I8@@A3G[QX_6I+C5]/MK7[3







VUO;+/<W=ND9X\TN

M0#



M26KV@9TVHQ
B%6P3D@A@,]L9'7K5];VU:Z-JMS;@#)B$@W@?3K0 MVL[VD





H_K4YU&Q7S<WMN/) ,F95^0'H3SQ4BW,#S&%9
MXVE !*!P6 /3C\#0!DVFE7QO/.U!XI1);M!-B1FW9.<JI @^G\^S;?1+N.X






)B?[KAQM;Z&@#
?2KF1WMW
7V1[H7/F!CYF0P;;MQCJ

2Q(91]



X(QP1QZCGJ: 

MXW$[2

DC[I(J74;W^S[83FWFG&X*5BVY&3@

MK@N'3&UM^#@D'^




[L%51DDG  H RI[



M
I'..2
YYQBMV21(HFDD8*B LS'H .]1V\TL\:2&'RU;)PS?
!V.
=_3/% #
M+%)QI\:7&U9MI!V@#'IP.


M(--

M3[5F*2%T7RU=
MD
1G;R

I\H[B



M1U9

MKP3O/87


M6-]]KN+R$PM$;67RSN(.[Y0P/'8@BK#RQQR1H[ -(2$'J0
_R% &!;Z=J7VN
MSN+A5+21B[ 88I@JWODAN!_?\ :K:6]Y'K:O$D@M79GE\PHR#@@%/X@Q.


MV['R]
8[]JZ*B@#EHK26W\.O;26)@D^V[X82T?.9=RX ;!P/X21TQD=:GMUN


M93Z@]*?0!S4%KJ2P/$+!HO
N;AC)F)G178E2

MU2WL#;R.)$(5OD]\_P !Z ]1[UT5% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%





M\5W2.U.&C\K!*JZD











/@
M

I=5L(M3TZ:TF
M52'4[2P!VMV//I5RB@#F;Z'SM(-])8317<AB7RXHF+@*PR%ZC[W7C&/:FW%

MFV\\5S;QSPOOBD4




2IO+IM(^[_ !#.1[5J4A( R3@
M@#DKZS7^RG1K*22V:_CDMH?LS.8XLIN^7&5'#\$#@X[XKJX@@B01KM0*-J[


M.(VFI*L\P



(R
$@D9
MG\J@%A']M$=.G7&IRM+LMV*-$2^-V!@CE

MYVZ#M0!S]Q:K'K
0/D/*_-QTZTS
M2+
C7IWO8))+A;:#]_)$Q3S%#!RC$8'4=#W/O7244 %%%% !1110 4444 %%


SQ'
;2(&*'VSTZ#
M\JA71]


M)5@
%3VR








YQVILFGV4L;QR6D#H[%F5HP0Q/.2


'.!QGG!Q
MW!JR]E:R)*CVT++
=T@:


MD
%Y

MZG&
]CTKIWBC=T=XU9HSE&(R5.







@AMI9&D6)40L9&&0H ZG

B1Q21M
B(QW;LXXX^4=1FMI@&4JP!!&#WJ&WLK6U.


MX+KR(KEY$D*HW$;$8)R!R/3_LV;4



YR1^/1PZ?9

M!)8QS16D:W


21JBJNW
SM;5Y'M[:&%Y3




M8/&
5O'2]/





M #&*J'2M.



=
#M4
M_2@#F-


53T\N18:3;V
MUS$(I+0XV;MLB%1DG//WNG'2NB72M.2)8DL+58U?S%00J &_O 8Z^]#:5IS

M3^56-%DO[B\:6:ZNWMQN4F@6,0YR!\H) &
$$CW-6YM)TZ.!FCMK6U9(V5




M_K5:74-0







M




@ !)/.

RBB9KF*(228 *NV0BNW(/JW^%:MU)<6^G
_G6PG4#

M//3-1/H=A););NDQCC8
O^D2;@1T^;=GCL
\5;NK6&\@
%PI:
D'AB#D$$

MB;LY0

ME;0K]ENBYN#+.[


M(Y(DA/DR*4
32





)
MB9&0=NI(8?[0X]JG&F6@6$%)'
+ET9Y79LD8Y).3QQ@Y%/M[&WMI#)$K!B-O
MS.S;1Z $\#CH* 



O_ 'C@\_CZGUI!H=@  $GP)O/_ ./F
M3[_K]Z@#+37M5DL)M133U^Q_9GGC9RJXP



MM*-&L0[L8Y&+P?9VWS.P:/\ ND$^Y]^30!634;FWN;:WNY(E614 D
+!9&)Z

XTFS!B/EN1$0R
M@RN02


/;


O&^R4/&@0
L[@LHZ!L'YA_O9Z


R/(SJQZ

M!A5OD*
!@L3ACSS@#!K3M;2*TC\N'?CUDD9S]


M
%W8) !. 

M$%29-YRQ.1U)YR
4 1_VO=S75S!:6
9\B))=\\^P
&!Z!5;^[WQ46FZS?21:




3D

SZ?*1'YYV;0Z$'.WC(]%[CZUI76AVET

M 5_[;M_ENI+9EB^P_:A




R+Q!+.EE]GLE=[J66'/GCRU9-W\0!)!V\''2I!KC-
MJ0MDLIGC$GDO*B2



MUSM.& R3G..G3J*?:ZMJ\+)J%XWDO(ZAO+ZORV?D]23^-+#H,4*0B.\NP\0
M9?,W)ET)R5/RXQGVR/6@AH^H^1INEQ-9O-*=/



MF!#H#@Y) P1D9&#UXS5^SOGGO;FUFA$4D 1^'W95LXSP

MT$UY=2&6/RO-8IO6/^Z/EQ@^N








M%X?2/R



M=2S0SSI'*YD: 

GL#CVH O5CG6I8[Z2UELUWB&26-(YU9R%(&&'
A].G2J\&CKI


M5QG- $UY)-%:R26T*S2J






MQ


MC3-/73;=H5GFF#2-)F7;D%CD_= [DG\: ^O'MY((8(EEN)R0BL^Q0 ,DDX/
M'T!ZBL?4M0N+V&RBCM(2)+PV]Q!-+@%E5CM.%.5.,Y^G'/&S?V7OE
99898




40^
M7\^[J#\H_F*GTZU$4ES=&)H7NG#F-B5P 



M$\DS;AL!&6&T]F/?L/7B2[TC4YH+R&
V:K=317!9F8F-U*%EX7YA\G!X/;'H


M8HP9I4CL00*QKO2M0N&-RJ6HN9)X)'C\YM@6)MPPVS))^@Q[XJ_I5K=6UQ




44L;+*Q7.[:




-[;45$9V8XSPJ
M@D\ FJB:_IL@CV32
T@+(@@DWL!U(7;DCWQ5?Q'-Y1LRLT5O('9EFEE\H+\N
T



M@@;1_='?N?3D VM/NUO[*&Y1'02*&VNI4C\P/S[U&VJV2WGV1IB)=VS[C;=V
M-VW=C;G'.
YQ3]-AFM].MX;CR_
CC5#Y9)' QU-4+O3]1N+]9O
B

ZR0@R
M
 %VD$%0




]*




I#E@
E=I&0?;%12:[9JUF(Q-(+J5HE*PO\I4'(88
MR
*^


M)QV%8^FZ

=O!YP6!.1VH HQZY/):VER;F\5;]P
MFQ;





\43

 !R

K!$6

N8U

M![X.!G\A0!1&M:?OD4W&WRU9V9T95(4X8AB

LWG.8XHUE9A


T^_


9QSC-8=YHU_*FIQ6\5E'%=6L=O$

MV3[\3'Y%W\QL-R]
KD?

D=

U -







MU+3*+F'=!CS1O&8\]-WI^-8
NEWTFFZA91QOY4EN4A6=D)#'^%6')7K][FFW



8V@8.1DD$G'K0!;-W;

;


D@#JX+FY5FMYXY@K;6
;AL'T.._--%W;&




MR*N:%;R6WVY9+


M/;!/[0M984:WO;5C
Q
M%.:[MEN5MFN(A.PR(BXW$?3K5/1H_P#C]N0<QW5R98_=0JJ#^.W/T(J*VAF@
MOIXI;#SDEN//2Y!3:N0.H)W9&,# /&/P +AU33P)2;ZU AQYN9E_=Y.!NYXY
MXYJ3[;:[I5^TP[H5#2#S!E 1D$^@Q7.2Z9J=W))YEJL(DL)[;:@CC9B



M&3EHSSV''//Y5?DO[.*&*:2[@2*7'ENT@OGI@]ZQK2TO(6TE9=/=A:^8&8

]NE '59&
YXJN

OY8;S!@MTVY]?:B6_LX2




M%D;G&&R


M8Y%CDN85D9M@5G );TQZU

Y
M.['W?E&#GGTKI9L-;/N@
H*'










SB





$5[JK1V;0
]SN5FMFCW)M4

MS(DLGE

0W[V%I1+N&/E(!&.O<5SUO!<*^GM%8
MSKJ+(MU





MLA88;G&




CJ9P5.
9&5Y'N?6@#MNE-:5$D2-F

4WJ
M'


M8AAC)3@X/TJ\^F0#5I(([.(VFI*L\P
8&A!.0?7*\8X.3U- &KJ5\;.!_)



M#*MHD4%W'I6V0-'';;RK$J5/ENK$#[PX7CV%5[ZR ;48!!?W&W352%I8G?=*

M%E5(0%ER#@AU0





MT\EF%QO_ 'FX87:




M_




MQ/6K5% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !3$C6/=M!^8Y.3G)I
M]% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%4I=7TR J)M1M(RPR-\ZC(R1GKZ@C\* +M%1M-$J*[2($8@*Q88))P!^)(J2
M@ HJG+JNG07!MYK^UCF! 



H92
@CO0 M%

MX'KP?PI] !113(I8YHUDB=9$;D,IR#^- #Z*** BBB@ HHJ.6:*$H)94C
MC!$W







MRW/S&W96?((' '7CD#\@*TJ* 




M

!0



CJ&1AAE89!'H:2
M**.&)8HD6.-!A548 'H!0!D0Q7NGB[MX;

A%\UJB81 U
MOYD#[B=W(PHY &SD!:=_9ES]NED?2YY ;_S1(TL9)B*;6'+YP2
[?3''&!U=

8JPFF72:GYW]FRM

M1HHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHJ&&ZM[AY$@GBE:




MT5#'=02(SI*I5#@G. #42ZA$T

MC:


B8&?F..*AAU2TEMTF

<#MG'^--CO(99
MQOF!]N[#1
I:-E&?3)'6@Q14#740:
M$*=_G.44KR,@$G_T$U)'(D@)C8, 2IP<X(X(H ?15)-3MW$-A7D
8)([9YZ
M].*LK/$R




M8_WA0!8HJ**XCF9UC8DQD!A@C!QGO[&I: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH

M C'++%&%!^N* *GB2;2;D1- H
9$OFK]]

M]5XZ5%_9UCNB;[%;[H1MB/E+F



I#6Z$'@@]ZG\F
%/E&$&$7LOT% &9!;/:_V?;G82V?-&P=E




MI21S)..0#\HV*
G)R.1_D4I^T3ZLZG8BP1J\2L-W+%@6.#UP./J?7BX]M$]S


MSGUS_2JSP_:@\2*&?[279FZ*JMG'XXQ^?I6C'9VT3*T4$:
O0JH&*DCB6(
$


A!;DGMBD-K$T
L7SA9

:9(]^
MGZ^M:#VD$EJMJT8
*A0$[8&
?R%(+*V6*2-(EC20Y8)\O. 


M0PH))QQC\^O/O4:Z=:K%Y9B#*!@;R6('7@GI0!2UJT5[&*%5!8.I










VF
M9XL6SD$=XZUC$AF68CYU4J#GL2?YG*JJH50  
  =!0!DK%*TKMLG)%YU#

M[&K

MT.



M^Q1

G P&4. 

MZ[)2P78 RG$;*H/Z'WK=BM889FEB38S##;20#^'3/O2+:0K

M SCUP!0!!I)$EJUQQNN'

MJ:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *I:HS+!&4=E/FK]TGD=





M


MK
N
H M(


7 _VNN
'GD?G5^XL

T!55DC1=Y
4(DF4


T 9M^!B[G=

=#^5.U\N[ 0B.%9&*
Q\PX!# G''/2@#&@'F;+;S59

^W

'_ 




MT\QCB
=P-XDEV?NA$2
GZMGZFM:.V*W*2[%!52N=[



MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ JA?WEW!=V\%M


(?0GM^-'V^S\F.;[7!Y4I





3Q2SO'Y9.Z


_4T
MV6^LX5#374$:E-X+R  KP

KN( ]^O'8
MUB6.G7MK)9-)I;




R!95&W*_*3C.PYR/XOK5J]CFNH[=UTB13]J225&:+=A?XC\V#VQSF@


P4XQU/-7OM=M]J^R_:(

2V






KP*Z[F#L
M2'7) X'8D'#'\=/1K22RLFCDPTLD@0'(C#,2%_ &@H?$$$TUFUE+;RVLL[

M%_-




MNH^3;_OEFM9O*W+N.TAB
]




MP







MK-$LB!PK#(#H4/X@@$5S2_9CJNJ37


MRRN&E

]\YH UVL+-[H736D#7])3&X_'K4TDB


MFGS&RLW56TUTF#Q%?-EPNS&1\Q&#\PSU'- '8*P90PY!&15**^FFO6CBM0UL
MCF-YO

?\![5S
-O$EO.;72Y$

ZM&.G7X@TVXA2XLPJQ0PR@^8&/WCU8\C)QS[CF@#MC-
M&LZPEP)64LJ]R!C)_4?G4E<W)H^GR:S9RC28FMI;:3=FU &\E"P(X.-W7GK
MWJ;1=/2&<P/;Q!--9H[=PHSA\-GU!D GODT :.IZB-.CCD:VGG$DBQCRMO#
M


UM%YSP


M3U :=%'(UM-.))%C BVY#

 $ ^9]UAG

C@'^E &A:74EPSK+97%L5 (\T




AFP

OR;SM7GLQ.1U/


\4ND(CP&_^SB&:]Q*_P H#8Q\H/T'ZDU2NHGN_$3QI-?6




M\9P!_+I6+J

M;60LC[[2XMY-H.%Y(

A6VDFBBLFC9WMG$8D#*0




M:/;/;3
F&4PE=S@?


$1D90)%8G
M!Z $\BH;W3X8(#-+#/J
EQ(BR/


MIL$5Q'/YEO(UN%7@*5 ..5R!QUH ZFLV?57BOI+1--O)G1!)NC

N#N&#GGU_\ K@&L;Z(:FMAM

M!5O+(9XUCM%#%!M=2!@XW=.1U/'?IS60^HF*13J4D$2ZC!Y9^T^9F)@A(\Q
MN2.6/7'!Z@4 =K17*4S0Z@]M=SS-I=YN6)+ER7CPI93ALMR' SW&.F16_IZ



6'6XYO,;HR9$$; Y8
Q=F
MC)&1QC&
XZU);S1W6JZ/
/'.JC[0S*S!EQ@@X88R1Z@9/2@#J:*Q=7N(


M\D
A^U



MR

M0ZC :*9XVQZ94@XJ:%8TB418V=1@YSGO[U@RW#'5I;225IOM ?;Y
[*T8G[
MT?\ 

+YA;8<#C&?EXQQQZ]ZFH **** FE%+ARHW 8!QR*=10 4444 %



M8-3=*6B@ HHHH **** $/(ZXJ&VM_LZG
KS.QRTDF-S=NP _(5/10 4444 %

MW0.Y)_&KE%% $$UOYTJ

;6(.03QGC'8U/110 4444 %%%% !1110
M Q8U5F8 [FZDG-/HHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HI*Q;.(6?B%XOLR0+/6C
39$@




%.2#C.


S9VKN=AWYXQ

.7D V




M;/9Q-N1'58\#RU/F


$^[R9
MD?;C=M;.










1NF&D!RQ.[ /S?CG/XT
M7GO+='*&52P.&\[?KCI^-74





MQR)*NY#D9(Z8K-E*1W[3N)?)C41&0
3ABW\AQG_ZQJQ9H)[%/.)D^9N6)S]X

..Q![T 6!<PF9H1(/


M^@-32.(XV=LX49.!DUE6)=KB%H'5HYHS

M%;/8G&/SR*=&DBNS/+N! PH7 %91!FWNLJ3Q6\@WOG!.&W8)'7;\O/L: -6*






MUC1&#1C'4M[G^[5-=0=OW_GE+=Y)
'R\[%3 ].Y!/XT :$-L86D*32





.[[PX+-C/S
U6Z* &2QK+&Z-QN4J2.N#31;Q<
M94,0FSGGBI:* &[5P!@8'3CI4,MJLMS#,SN/))8(#\I.


80)'CAB93Y28MM.5SQQ@@'C'2IKB%;B
M$Q,2 2.1UX.:EHH J_88?,W[IMV-N?.;I^=2^3A559)%C'7)/U)R34M% %9

M4NP'8

MJC!C!RI&.F#T_#%2QQ+&TC]6D;+']!^E244 %5YK43+MDDD*[@V


XQ_WT:GHH KV5HEE;^2C
_SLY9L
M9+
Q8GCW)JQ110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %4]5CDDL
M2(D#L'C;#' P'!.?P%7** 


M+?(6Y)CQ_+]*T:* 

O7.[]*R[RTDGTF]11,AW3
MLQ5F!8;F(  ZYX_NAHH SX+:11+RR E<8R$AE)Z<G(8#_ !]JI)8E[#R+
M-#!

M.Z
=PL7VK'SB

@ X_%?;T
MK2HHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 


M-^=2L5N6A

MALDC@?AWH MT44SS4\[R=P\S;NV]\=
T /HJNUR8X]KH&NO*
GDQMG.
9 )Q

[1P

DD'

DJRCGUK

M6L14W4#%!(















0

M-OVAB1G:=R=?KV-21V




I!9B
M/GR



MI** .2DMKI].2 P


BN
.H89S@C-.H XJ6V







MS)R2











M7)VW=Q)([JAM@'#KLYXR.V:L-.(;^RM;O7#)$]I






^H^7+J$:7TKPQ7$(E(?+PQ$#=TY !X)ZCGG(KJ:* .3E
MNQ&Z+'JLJV1O8UAD
V?

M7!*AF#A@

7@GC9HQ.^X\9!.[ VX!)W9)YJ

M7;D&

M.7R!\I.02






M$\+2&-94+J=I4

@X!QCZ$'\:=(ZQ1M(YPJ L3Z 4 .HIB.KHK@\
 1D8/Y4

BD2
M6

M&PT[[$&
Y.TM_)30!+14$]W!;X$L@#

;4+1?O3J/G\O/;=G;C

IXY$E7=&ZNN<94YYH
M ?152/4K*3&VYB!+[ P!)SCI]:MT %%%5VO;=)/+:4!^?EP<\4 6**CAFCN



=JB?3;
M:01A_.81KM 
[D

]NE


N0
2*GN0\EXUO!.A?9OV-UCQQUZ\G:<?[)JPEF%OC=--(YVE4



M9)FGO_-CCF/G#AS@(/+0@#@YZUH06PAFFE\QW:4@G=C@ 8 &!2+:[99G65U\

W]EVH


M //TQ0;2/[1#*HV^2C(JJ
##8_PH HZI'*- N8T
*+Y38\H84)CH!^E5[A0U


MJV9[)9FM6\Q@ULYD0GG)V
O/_?1IIT^/RMJNZ/D$.I QCIQTP
=
4 1:HRJA

M$Q D8F

L[2O(S@* V
*!G@8'O0 \7


MNP =H.

CCCM^&+DUJDTD;$LOE@

M]JM)8PHQ*M



1M)$H6(-Y1
M)+C=G)V'/;IZFME(MLF\R2

:T0[=I*XE\WZGG_&@#-I_8EY,WV









8VC_'C^[4^G+YLTMQL(53L1Q.SB3U.#QC/ ^AJR;16+YD?#

MR#TI_D$EMTTC!EVX.
#WX'6@##MHBUM;
(G8?9%E= W

M(5*JK$D[?D!R



M):3'WW);\/D_7TK48$J002.H[57^Q1%0LF70'.P_=S[CO^.: (]*21+0!C


H..1ZG





].G6DFL[F?5#


LSS


8]?7&:S[6XNY+737::X)


MC[NQ@
YZ\D4 363SO!+\Y9Q*RCS


LUYE7=2
(2



M].E %R[E

M#KUW:FYO4#!A%Y#HS ]60@?H:JZEIK/





C8
MP.
@N9!#(UU$T?E Y?C#@=P,Y'T/ZUGWNFS&TE$:O(TD9&/E)+%=H
M'/11[<_ESHQPF$3#R8V4L&0* ?K]#W]* 

DJRCGUH T+&]BOX/-B#KABC(ZX9&!P01Z

M(-U Q42 '=@L



M982C@8ZD-UQZU8UR))=6T@R03RQK*_F;(W= I1A\P QU('/;/;- &Y49FC6=

'#*
8


=0

VY(P1\I;J.E '345SGBN%KF-H8
M[$S2FWD





MVGW)O(KQC=2B(_



 51M+5[?PE]ETMOWZ6
MY1&\ORR9


MS]DCV.KW+F%Y(6\R5Y#;N)%RW R


FSAB.#Q

;[
MF)R&5F3@C!XQC''%
NK9)+G5;=8+B6\81_9I&5G

M8%DP!D@J

M_ !GIU.


M=HPK)P3CY1R1R:L::
ZAJDJC]VTZJ#V8JB@G\^/PH FOK_['/9QF%G%U-Y6X


]:6


M\QC:

MKBJR6


Q2FZLV?3[
ME[Z+42T\HBX:



OFMM/TM;&[\RXETZ;$)EW R*%V +G .=PXY.#GI6UX;+2
M&28:JMXDB#=$%?\ =/WSN=BIY^[QTZ4 ;$EM'+



1] 
@$
1DGU


_= (XQ@'WS0!T]%

MP[-'

M-UD)0MN8-M)R!D8Z8Z'T- '9T5SMY*;+4;9X;AIK=P@6+[4V_+


MI8I-7T)M1NF2Z:VDR&G:
L=R;











J70




L\5N[/&%9
MR
!MP/MG&?H* +MI?VUZSK [;X\;T=&1USTRK $9Q5JN?N[=;:?4[V_:1I





XXS5VN
TRYM



YZ]Z



M8V]QI\3[KIH+B\G:7RK2


M*\E^TJPC/[OS&7).W( (R?;..V #J0 H  P!P *:98Q*L1D42

MNYYX=MS

MW.
]B.GX4 ;B


C((/Y'I3JYB1KFYGMIO[2GA9]-
G[L1X+?+GJIZ_














M4YY@$?@010!IT444 %%%% !1110 4444 13QM+'M2:2$Y!W(%S].013HHUB
MB6-!A5  'M3Z* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***

MR*T8(=N.2.YX'Y5='TMLYTVS.5G

LT5G;QRJ-JNL2A
M@/0'%

M#U!%0_V?9?9/LGV.W^S9SY/E+LZY^[C'6K-% $!L[4VPMC;0_9P


D;Q6%JCQ@A&6%05!SD XXZG\S4IL[4VOV4VT/V;&/

GE+@@#
M !&/2K5% #5150(J@(!@*!P!44-G:V\;QP6T
2/DLJ( &SZ@=:GHH K+I]DE


M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !125CV

LG[WRV8
M9P%#;3C///MVZU

YXK+TP3

GTQ_P#KJ-V7

=_Q^M &K'-%*S+'(CE#A@K X^M'GP_\]4_[Z%5
M-
+A/*8&



3&=ZXY[UG:@KKIQ5XXT GBVJGS#'F+VP/RK-
4;VTYGA+)MN55E_
M+F0[C@GKP,@#HW=(T+R

MN-LD1MI!)YUW\B^: 'ZD/C Z!1GCVH W:*08& ./:EH ;O7?LW#=C.
\XI$D





E6(P.HZ9/YX/:HKJ5[K0V8NS$7X3+


AE.01]:Y\W$OVB:
MY


M3*MPX0HI *C) SC/?J.E

3_ !_
 !Z@#G\2: -2*6.92T3J



MHDN9I!LDF5X-K$#DG/MM_$&@#3C=)8UDC8.C#*LIR/6A9$;.UE.#@X/0^
ME4-.2:'3X8VCG#W4=5X('0 GK]?3FLP






/M8!?

M52DY







23T[#)S^ JY10!3



]J'O?/9CCR]FT$COFK-% %&PTU+2'8Y\QO.DE!



MDHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH ***Q];N#;7=GOU1[4LKG]V!D#(Y=3B@#8HKL=:G&F^=-;7%Y
M\\FR6

@Y9AGIVS0!J45
MBZ;KS7BV/FV%Q#]L7


R!D!

77HW7*
M6-XQ

T :U%9!\0VK4PP74ZQ1).[)'QL8$AADC/ [
M9_G5=]06VO\ 5IYY[B6S6UAEID[ V\$KMY'0'/Z\4 ;]%8][XCT[3YT@GDP

M@#2HK&EUD1@-:6ES.7N_(8

M4.


C)M5

C
MED


M=D-AC_=.
9Z4 :E%8&FZE+:Z.K317E^XEN
N@4D*DC#))('3&!^0XJRVL_Z;
PX;<2P&01C )SVS0!IT5'%*DT3(24=0Z\=01FLQ_
M$$$


85@#'
MDNK' 88)XSZX(J#4M1


MH##G'7./6@#;HK-TK6[3599H[9OGBP2-Z-D'H05)';IU]J)]5^SZF]M+;NMO

MKU !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 51N[2YFO[6XBN(HXX2
MR-6+9X/.X8X]C5ZJUW?V]ECSW89YPD;.0.Y.T' ]SQ0!7U336U$Q@SA8@K*

TEXDR&VCM]HAVGY
X.=Q]3V]/QLW.KV-K
M_KI\#9O+*C

C/
MYBDN+F*VA\V9B%R  %+

1L7)7J-F-V1Z8H H



M7AB1C*@'@DXP: 'Z79?V?8I;!]X4D\ @#)S@ DX Z 9-58=)D2VEL9;E9-/=
P/3GUN+?6[7+6X<^8IP?D;;G&<;L8SCG&:IW6OV-O:7$
MX
0I9_:IR1;=QWHP(_P D9S[8J)-
M5LY+9IUD?:C^65,3APW7;LQNS[8H P+'3;V/4)K!+AD1;**W-Q]C<*ZKN'RD
MG 8!EYR1G/'8:%SH,\AOEAO(HH;JV6V&W+&-5R
YWC)PS=O3TYO?VM9&WCF


M

?\LS@ACQD?3WZ4KZC:E(2;AH3+*L:*R%69
MN#MVL







'(QVJ+


3F^A/E7KW?\ Q[GG=NROW_\ ;;GZ?CN44 85OH=Y#);.;^!C!<RW!_T8
MC=YF<C[_ !]YOT].6IX?N/L:6TU]'+&&E+)Y!MO.[INZ@DX)R
'IWK?HH K



6C6K1F


M.L].ECN8[B[N5N)8HS%&RQ[


,[.V<9[XYL





DC?O?EVC

MMS MU$F&DR
9;Y1CWY-=)10!4N4O7TYEMWBCNR!@\[1SR
X]
C./?':LB'1+
MV&5[A7A
JW?VJ-7E9@V8]C*S$9'?! /;CM7144 94T5VEU#J
C6L0CB=)U9R
@ Z^_'2GC3-12UCB1HG7:S*DUR[^6B

MGKR36A10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110



F@#1HJK;W+33E-]N0%W$1R;CST/3

1S[\$U3GU!X[8-


M\QV0DE6P=A(Z-[4 :%%4)[Z2+2)+IHPDJQLP'WU) X.1V-.%W*]Z$CC)A6
E
M\IAMQ(P.2


*Q6(!IB%S@'.


MHA&I$B
^[YN



8HR9=N50J2?0D=/2@Q15*&]
LS

O=
HPP  H
MT3NV%);(*@?AR: +=%1K*'?:$<<9R5P*IW&H-#$7(Y$BQD*6ZE@O7'O0!H4

;NG%;-% &?J!:\T]8H5DQ=$1DE&4JA^\2.ORYZXYQ
M5\    8 ZEHH *I:Q_R#)NO;I]15VDH S[IB3 /
D;]\G#1X'7UQ3[_ /X^
M+4Y PS$DMMQ\I[U;22.0L$=6*-M;!S@^AI794&YR% [F@#G[0A5T\L0/-AME


X
MH=HPR+(5W
?D#=SCM^&: 



MQ0XD:
JPPSDCD#BM; YX'/6F/-%&VUY$5L X+ 'KC^= &6DB3:9=2(SND\[;

+H#W[X('0'M71/+%&RB1T5F.%W$ GZ4
M+-$QK(A)Z ,.: ,N]D%]#;M^U7A9P1G/S  #CG)!/Y53._
;SJZVREA=$_
M

ECP *48P



I&


M

\Q#9X(\QN:OTF!Z4 8

$9H QKT
NJZ2C
WVAFVA@3CRI!G&!Q_C6C=/L/RR.9/EB4C)_3

MO81@;$+ G
O7 .*Z&B@#

MF


$
VC;+K-(%DR
M)!N+<L?O8R:UIHT\OR/WHCV;2JKN!'3&2#44FGAFMO+,:+X9OW?+8'8YXJQ






MYS+:2';'P6:568]#SDYZ]ZZNLYM-9M*MK

3$-@8'H#U(P/0BF

MM5\DH;1]KG8HR3'_ +Q[



M(/0]*6J]O:I;L[(6)?UQQU_Q/)YJQ0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11

M7=[;7TL'D0%EC1$(+#/)W*3Z=
5L51UBQDU+3)K.*98?.4HSM'OP#UP
CF@#

CQHVY#

MPU2Z:WMI




]7KC2;^XTU;.34HB4=)#;<D*P89&_DY4<C Z\=P 6!K$/ESEX9TD



T4-M]F+;E5]

#+9YQ[ 4 176OM%;EH]/N/.2XC@



M>N* $M-;@NGAVPW$





M.
1OO'4\@XQP: +_ /;\?]G)??8;WR6C


Y+R-'?+']



8_CYX'M0!MU0O



^XH JZIJYN=.U 6B7D)M&*/
<C&.<4D6C2^1J4-Q

@@.Q4!)P$W=3GKF@


M^4RF$E0_]]1NX/UST&.M 7NM+!)J
=U:7*VMM$I:6(C)W9Z;6W#V/&
$DC






MVNQ#S



M




M;V





M6SW'V64.:79G+)Z GL3T[&@#176;26.**?S7D02*L2

MLYKCR$E._!(W(RJ^.NUB

MK
/;W'SS*WE$1

MC9RWE\JW!L_M$L? &WC+GCC


ME*D?4'D55CUBQE
GES%UC)5G6-BH88&-V



M%[.&N#=30H5C(4[6( ST!P

HP#@=2I(PV
CH363'



N]*U2X%^ EFOVJR2V'
JS6M[]GU&21&@

8
MJHR

\XX]#0 _^V]/\I9#.5W2



N!S@]#G/%%U=0VD0DF9@I(4!4+




MJ-N[H@

M$GT ')/L*S=3UN*'2UN;5G??





L?FKF)@-ON2.#['FJ]Y?3
M?VC%IUF(_M#1F9WD!*QIG .!C))[9'0\TS0K0VUJW[SS$W%(#C&(03L'O@$\
M]QBEO;?^TXM2L3$;A8S#)'*2JR)G/4 X(/?!ZF@W;&Z#
MUY3  8DC!4

_?- '3PRQSQ++$P=&&58=*<2 2< =ZY&RTU+'1M
M-U#3%2^MJ2HT01Y


M(R0 

T9+

M@#

MC!QUJQ5#1

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH


AP<51DC32O

_C5N@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ K*'AW3EGFF1;E)9_\ 6NMW




9YH =LJ^2<J<Y7DGI

M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !3)98X4WRNJ+D+EC@9)P!^)(%/K \1-


$S'%S 90IYE7:.G7




/

$S'][&TI(!+O&!TZD_P C6A:2^9O)E=I8_DDB./E;
M\A^!]#0!9=T3;O8+N.T9.,GTI20 23@#O69*%GN6-R8=T7)YN#&2
Y_WL'K
MVI]M+=R6DIN?L[IL.V2%R=QY!!&

K8.#@Y
MQ6


M 


X

M3*QQJLC+R2%!8@]!D?\ ZS5.*W$

MA2&4
2XTZS




M0!*CJX)1@P!()!SR.M!=5ZL!]36-;!A!;^891]ND/S))M/*E@3@==JCWIVIK

*
;XVP0S@''O
MMR?PH N16=M#


MC.
U.UO&R
NQ
L0Q)4'+#&#^@_*B.YCFA:2-L 

KI 5C3


.I1+IL=ZR
$D*A% R268!?S)'YU%%J$KF&()F=7VW'R$!0%!) ^K+

!/O?(RXZ_[7Z4Z2\W6
MR26XRTC[%#C'?!)^@!-1Q:DD\Q:




MZYZ=13/M
T49


% .<]?K56#49);RXA^SN1&0

7*MQC;N^7N3G&* '1VCQW-S
)B//8-MC
MC@?TI\5L8K

M0 ^&TEA



*M Y .
]CVH
M JRVLLUDL

ME=
<?2B\N;BU

X
M)M3;M49///)R3SQVXI\;W32+OB@6,]2LI8_A\HJ$WY-S/BQ PL%)DEVYRH



-PD]_9O

@4?=QC&?\:L44
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 AZ5AZ[%+)%%/*BX6YMQ&I;[N9DR3[G]
^.@H  Z#% &-JD\,^C1M;;MB7-NNT(=R8E
M3C;C.1Z4^V,:/=W3RO$B7&XNZE=R^6HP<@<?X5K44 8;172[$
L3!R3\\3.



M8Z9ZXYK5I* 




*23MPV
YX*CJ!5K39/
@EMB6CN@/
N.
M&8G('MQP?3%:M% '+V

M%;S9

DD !R2?]TU=I
C!Z4 0

8/R9]0.QK.

'N#6Q0  
 4 4

JEO!+)9O\\A5U)9DA;\^@)SC'Z=*V** 
[2P
M(K

1I85=T*$YX/UZ_CUJ6B@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M:[K&C.QPJC)/M6;_ 
)!I^]DS=!E4.P-G
-JGH3\O X//M0!J457L[R.]21H


:#\\6Q2T:YQN/S<C_ '<]#6G0
M 44A8 @$@9.!GO2(Q8'*



J)


HH YFQOOL3ZMI<L]M:W0#W$I)Y@3<I8@< D@@MC'0BLZ:[4Z;JE
MW!JDT)2U4(O]HB5O
R=Q #













M\U7SM.D:3==Q.T8!PI1?
WDX^]SNYP 3Z]














M//8
W9AD++*
MJDCUY-3QR)+&LD3JZ




!N



?X0#[COB

;PBX?PQI^-W$0'*

2W[3M/8I(RO/ORP.
@9P..













P.UHF20.V#GKA$&..
L^SOM5N;N2Z#P
MTBFEBD@
GS?*2!@;
AC@'EB
'I6Y;6MO:1^7:P101YSMC0*
_04@M+871NA;







;B55\P'J6 C/ P1P5QCG-$NHZA;V^K73W0D^RW0A2/:J1JK!/F)P

J






M9_.I+: 6\.P'))+




96%1L)ZXXXH JZJTZZAIQM


(R$+#Y
M3D+NQN([YYSFNBAT^R@G\^&SMXY2NWS$C4-CTR!TX'Y4Q[$82&$0PVH.YXDB

XZU
M2^UW/V9H&OY_.6YDB5HX4:20*



M26-N&1U# _4&@#G9=2U%&^Q1SJ[F\-NES(5C+#R]V

M91:2.K;Q*EH$F8]]S@\Y[X H H+?3R07\



M[8!STK7J&VA\B+:3N9F+
V

M%.P MC@$X!/UKLM9U2&R62RB::[WE&$^$  SS\N0?P/UK?K+AT2.&6T=+N
11&&.TY4?=Q@'';/')-31Z4L5T;B.ZN5:0#S




G7KN2[@'EPD007


MG71K=9RPDE\DR^=]G)'E^9G.[IGKSC.



_44 8-[K$4.OVY%_&$67[+


BEEC&=J]6/8#ZFJLND)-H[:;)=7#(W67
MY/

MR!8Y@RLI.
[B!T/48[CK5VZN+J#2[BX





Y!X)[CIV[5-9Z6MG;BWCNKDPJ L:
P_=@=@0
D=

M!7C\2?N9IKBPN(HU56C;RI
/N8*%Y0?-DC@9]B:3^U9KZ&.WEMI[1Y[D0%L.

Q@$$8( /! P3DC%.FTZ0V

': !D$C.
\]Z (X[^%]2ETD0Q*D:A-C289E*YR$QRO







][=2D
K1R


MZR.FG1SRH)SM&&?.TD=2 .


]^AY


MTQG\*I7'A^.Y-YYE]=XO(EBE *?='3&5]V_





,[0G Q\N ._?O2MHZ26?V



%LX/XNU#7+N&SOS':QQSP6JW




JK(1\RHVX ^QP

MA=KXZ^O3.3^7' %34 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444


A\HOT5QRI]L'!S[4 5I+[41
T
MU:Y-U#<QVOFQ(C1O!O=
9/W@^



2P8=P&:4QDL







NUR'+@X\SKN).6


]J:NIV
M33P0I=0L\X9H@K@[]O7'K_\ 6/I66?#LBR7#QW:;I22ID21]N7#L



M-:V$ES$BR^6N[:7V@COS@]J4W++J*6IC&UXFD5PW=2 01_P(8_'ICF*[LIKC



MW%G-#&ZQM(A4
R[@


AD
!WEG


&9(8S'$LD[XVYS@DY_#@X[4 26-XUYE
MU2/R=B



T39+;B@D81L?4IG:3[D4 4_[
M:G =C8$1Q&

M/'([\' JTNEF75KBZNXD:
LC1!9GY*C^)

MK@!FSDXSCG)_
\$L#0N8I!M*^:^ N<E5Y^4' X&!4U
MKIUM:2S2PB0//@R%IG?<0, \D\XX_@#
6_E'</O;L



MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

MA&SHT!;=M8
0W/?G/- &K1110!$]S DC(\R*R*'8
V
+TS].*KQ:K93W @@G

M%I'4NHV



M):W$=U;I/%G8XR




M)&N

Z3L$ #
M'GHQQ75*25!888CD9SB@!U%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%


%!()Q[G:OY5<HH SI]'@FVCS9XU$YG(1\!F/KQ
MV/-20Z7;P7HNXVF\W848M*S;Q[Y)Z=OJ:NT4 9\FDP26MQ<;IV9BY49&3FK






Y&[G&3G'7C'YU

MF/LWV@2.&!QW);).!R?RH W:*P+CQ#/!;7I-BC75E&LTL(G./+()R&V\D8Y&

MKF.?(1P
Y!V_

M8'U% '045@:;XCEU&^M(ELD2&ZB:9'


8Y%\\DA0 0X
M^09!R/3K4NMZM)I

9CCP.A'.[)]OJ* -VBL;PT
MSWOA:S-S++(\L1WN9&#GD_Q9SGWS7

M7;N.3CL0

M**YQ?%0N/[



YZ4 =/17/R^))([&RN1:P3+=


MIN.
)D9
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%





MS%;Y/G;&


Z\NP$M#:8!3F
C!S\


V/1XXK_ .VK

G.!U)QVQ6A10!





 ?3FM$^'[5[.:&22=I)Y1.\[%?
WC&#P-O&!QC%:]

ME Z;LC]1BM&B@I]@C-^EV\DCO&&*Q&%SUQQG\SBK=%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444



^6Q93M&
Y('7%7:** (

]?4$5LT4 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444






%P0W48R
X[5L6UK;VD?EVMO% G7;&@4?D*

JQ'U_6SI.GW-G?WR_-; F6)\]7?
M&_CMA@3_ ,#]JV:* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BF




M!W[8]#3K2^CN
Y9%8R


;*P+2[(P%
M)W#'7IP.O/IBII[M8


MYNWAE2-+=G9\X8L%7@9//7]* +5%5H[V&1T1=Y+NR [3C*YSS^!J.?44@
Q8

0-*$*A99(\$



C*DRAL]=F1GFFC48!=20O)&BJ$VL7ZEB1C'KD#\Z +E%07%QY
D



M.7Y)%!WHW49QU'YFB=()HF2=8WC(^97 (H RGD6*YTIGE2(?9W&Y^G1*@6
I
MX:_=R(%FLU&TGDN0!G\1@?@*W@L;%9 JD@?*V.@/I^E1.EI(R0NL+-$0R(0


0H+
0 .23V

M!
;8X;'4?7ZU8IK

M=8O)$8
BQ11\8(SEF/Z
*N#RH$VY5% )ZXX[FD@@A@0K!&D:LQ8A!@$GDF@!
MEO=)/+-%M9)82 Z



L\J8!. =IW'GZ*:L

M@#I6QJ\;_P!E

UW*@L[KSQGB6(_EU-;5

M)'8
R_
NW&#]:;?6;SZE#(I6(_.J9C#!CC)+#N. /SYYK3\JWF2
M)O+CD1

M[1

MD=O%&TDB1(BC+
P  'K0 VW6U25U@9/
(!8*V3CM_6L_3Y6M[/\ TF$Q)'-)


;6)/0CH*R1%-';1D1-L
ZQG;M



V2N




MQ)Y97;(J@#?]3CC\*;=6!D16MIFAN$SL


<GRB,$
M @YR5/--L25G?


MXJYY
9+DHI
F-V1UQ4=M;O#).\DOF&1@1\N






/)S

=.



MYD_D#?.P8($+8]LGG]*VK2!X+98993

96S
M[H5X_.@!MD0UI)(/-0L[J?G

LK
W)8APQ_E0!7O75

M*5PB@ #J
 =.* $U+Y[1FM@W[IB=Y&4XK*$175-/46$1;[%+\I( 8YBY/'


Y^M/[1%MM&\T1R@C$RG.

MXLY0^W[-



M44 %%%% !1110!#=R^5 3OV$_*K8R 3P
^V:JRW4Q6V*HPW2@$J1AA@]
]C4
MVH^?]BD^S?ZPX P

M:7F(CEB
$@9Z#U)Z#ZU0N]6EAU2)!A8_L\SM&W=E*8SQ[GIZU-=1_:-'8FT
M
@?_ %6/X@V
C'7V-075C)+K]N[)E6MYMQ#' .Z/C./K^5 %^6\;R86'[IW^

MN!M#
0S







8F




$@Y.3Z9K(O].D?4;!%5F(F9V;:N OEN
D[



4Q;R/

M!%=B5ROFKN7+-NX]5YZT :E4=6NVL[*1T#;RC[&YL%)&?;BKHS@9ZU0UJ&

MA2X4XV!L#Y3D\FB*)XVTR

MJ





_;-4+:^U21K
M7






1/W61=WR[NX].G- '745RS3S76ML!JR6RI(
MC6J89O/BVJ3MPX5\_

I;S 1M'3 ZYYSZ=OI7(1W1N[:V3[1=3&71W64))(P\Y0IY

8L8IAMV#YL[&))&T8]A5_3M2MHM6F5]25X3913DRSY
M 8ELD9.!QMX&!R/6@#HJ*0$$9!R#7,Z9)/<:A))<ZJL;H\JS6A#JP3)P?OX
MQ@A@H^M &FVN6ZDGR;AH]QCCE I(X?9M!SP=W'.!U/09J]:7'VF 2F&6$DD


MH&J+#+#* EJRN3+%VQ\^T@_WMI([GB@#IZ8)
^3KYAEE\Q92Q&V<YB55/WXSP%X/S#J<9K;BDCFC62)UD




MSGOZXK4\/:A!):O$UZDK+=311;YMS
H8[1DG)^7!^E &U15/5BZZ3=M%(\3K

-$[* I;YP79V;IR1D8Q

0ZM*(;J!Y)%-T?F.T?
&SD=^



MI;J^@@_M


M
QBU6-%#SXQL$W KP,8W]1QM/?-2W%TLDT3W,TOVR/45#6X9B%C#G:0GIMP
M=V.?6@#K:*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BLCQ+YOV&#RKF6

M Z*BN86\U
M.KGVO=0.5%W$&&H^03Y(^
MX0#@<\'WYH^UW/V9H&OY_.6YDB5HX4:20*,CJ-BX[D@#Z9H ZFHP=0PR ?4
M$'\C7

8(] * .C# LRC.5ZY! _/



$A?EV AN ?OX(/
M04RRN=1G^P&743FZ






C:2!QLR&X!^\1@]* -N\MQ=VDMN9'C$







\-1NFC1%YY)M





\F& !(_

=R.3FGMJ5U$\]J]T?^/]
M;9;AE7
:M&']


MC*!\S+CD

C:._X '04444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 1S0Q3

MSW9L' ]\5EW
TB^((+NWA661M/E.TS83 =#U&1^0]* -4Z3IIMQ;G3[4PAMP


%Y
MH_N2,@++]#U%(EC:1W374=K EP_WI5C <_4]:Q/^$I<VTUTNF7+VZP&='LH
66W6X
M:)5=BJG. J


1EM@LCC[00OE
2-^=G;!R
=N
T :OV2V^U?:OL\
M7VC&WS=@WX]





MQS93;(2JMN(!QD8Z9_#F@#0&DZ:L2Q+I]H(U?S @A7 ;^]C'7WH?2]/D:1I+


:HKJLS! ]JBYNS:OB8G'HP^7GZ<51T2[DL
M[&%HUK)=S0B;S274^:^,@CD<8SG.: -F/3+)R\=C;([)Y998E!*X V].F



F_?]WHN?
MJ #TXS3(=:FN42%+!TNY&8.4O$I50,L&*!L?,!]WK^= &D+&T2H+6 )-_K

L)+=+=[&V:!#E8VB4JI]0

M #.

M_9VNH]\9

M*;RVW)YB!MI]1GH:J'4)Y+R2*TM1-'!*(IG
NUE) / (P0 P)Y'MFL^UNY=.


G@8Y
MSZU1?5KE-2%D;2%6D$GD@W(W-M&064*=H/KD^XH O&QM#;K;FU@
#DC!SUQ59];+6=_]HLHI6MMHDCBG$B$,.Y('3N,?G0!K)96L<TDJ6T*
MRR_ZQQ& 7^I[T^W@MD*6\

 G


Z?;B&#SQMT&8J#@JV%^5O;D'UH T7T






M
P!3C;C&



]JGC


M^[7N%)7.

MK.PAC\WY-KEDR 3A22


@^
M@_*GKJL3S[%@G:$







MWU  X*X_A';].*5]-^SQWJJ+B\&H





T 5X/#Z0&VQ?WC?9IWG7=




,GI^.:;=^)-.M+Q
M+:24%B5#$.GR;L8RI(8]1T!QWJ'4M1:6XM%M3<+&MZD3RIM$<ASAEZYX^@':
M@TVB0


+[9=
M*)XTC<KL']


M@DBI[6Y^TB0^3)&$D9 7V_/@XR

QP


R
KK)'(N-R.

MD

021\RJ'7


_-N_P!D=O7\


3@#\210!2CT207PNI+L.P:3YO



4K3DQRH)%=











]
MP(/
D5$;C+
3PHR#UH I^)=[:)
D:2N[
@411LY^\#G !]*CET=[R*6::Z!N


M^GU*OHTY



M
NV2URHR



MD@=_7\)K[5C):PRZ?-MVWD4
RR0LK89E!&&P5.&!SBMJ@##_ +#NEN9;E+^-

M%W
IBAD01X3& R@@=R3DU(=8LA LWFOAG



M@N;F.?FV)V[-N!]_G[B\_7UXV+BXBM8'GN)%CBC&69N@%4SKFFK')(]R(TC0



M^89Q[]/K2V^KV-TZ)#.&WQF1&VD*RCJ0Q&#C(SZ4 6H(A! D2DD(H&3U/O67
MJ.B27UWYS7:A5EBEB#1;C$4(/RG.

M/ 9=PPWL0#[T^36M/BDDC:XRT3!9J
PC)Z;B!A?QH D%AMU
W@E;:R -%C
M@L

XS0!3N=



1
QXDW=/DZ

MA10!E^(F TLY:-#YB$/(2JJ0P.=V#MQCJ00#V/2LZTM)[J))[=H'N(;@7(F$
M_F1W#%2A!8(N#CT7CCWKI:* 

B7D\ZW*A6.Q'4* 

JX;!^N
51N;2
17D^J


M-O!^3J=@_
^G+[S0[BZ67
Y]N88=+U-1;;TM 8]0DNVQ.Q^5MW
696;[*+B.TDM8RLC!7WA


MCF\O[
MIY<LL4L

4EHD!
M*2,6W+SG!7ISCK_A6Q10!2UJ1(M&O6D=47R'&6.!R!6(=.O-6TA)4-IN-B;
M:$K*2K!PNYF.WC&WH
]^:ZBB@#)EMM0-U8SQQ6I^SPNKJT[#+$#@'9TXZ^_2

B68E

. 3TSTJI<:=<O.+L:<S-)?1W
M'EAH]T2JH!));&3CL:W[JRM;U%2[MH;A5.0)8PP!_&IZ ,#4+6_EU#=%: 1Q
MW,4H9-@\T  $L3\V1TZ=!U/2IM.MYX8?L<]A\\7F;;K<A5MQ)R.=P)SSQZ\^
MNS10!RUKIEZKZ:C630O%I[VLMPKH=I(4+WR0I/&?O#WQ8FLKJ[T0VBZ?]EN




MM13WJ6Y=G1C$B

O)C8AR
]
]NV:9_:4'G !
MT\D1&1I2V


Z=$/&3Z9]:D6]@9D4


!GC5RH.=N1TS0!9HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
&1%22)&52H900.A% &)K

;-O!B (RV.G?K\QKI'AC


M.T3;D+#)4]


M#%$S+C*L5Y)SP#N/'8_2KNG-@6UBNC(8(U79\N
#!XY_6K1MX5)AC)4DJ
M=HX)ZX^M/V+O#[1N P#CG'I0 ZBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH

M#%=R]




M!J-VMW_9TER5S=^0MV54
1Y6_&



VA:W  $1C!0 =..E &#I8?^VH#J3I]H2UQ:&)=B2H=N[.226! XSC!S3=/O
MM9N[1K_SK-8I87VQ22Y\N0#@?<!&,'<Q_#%;ITVQ

M@8X-.2RM8YI)4MH5EE_UCB

$

M/RQM8^I'2A].LI(XHY+.W=(?]4K1*0G^Z


M=:=8WKA[NRM[AE& TL2L0/3D4X6-FMJ;46L MSUB$8V'\.E &5+?W45U;/(\

,<'M4] !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
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M51U8G %.H **C\^+)'FID'!^84JRQN2$=6(Y(!S0 ^BDW#U'YT@92Q4,0
D
M9H =149FB4X



02%SR0* '444TNH=4+ 

MACM4YZGT% $E%)TI Z

T .HI
C.

M9QD9/:FF1%D6
L [ E5)Y..O\Q0 ^BF2R)#$\LKJD: LS











0DP1-+$!A]
M@SG&

D8-MQ@

\






GK@M^7 _R+






+L!(3Y3^1(%;
RR.FV-PA/5L9(^GO55[%XWMVLY(XO)C:(1X()4^H






M@ HHHH **** (KB3RX';G(!Q@$U1CO96-G\DI##YR54;SMSW_P#K5?G!
$@'
M)VG^59
./Y<T^6S-OI:Q+O8F:$E1_#\Z9Q[<
M$_B:B:UG1$\]
VT4[R

V
M[!SV7H:2&^FN)/
1&6*$.)5X)+!L#G_@)/XBJTD$WV30AY$KF%U



M(W.U)&9V$:M(JGZ''T//I5G]Y#:1P1#
VP*1PO'4_YYJIY2_;+&SCCEQ:?O
M&9D.-I4?-T)).?7B@#0

_DJ71)5PA*XV%1G!S


MU&[@C17$-O'*B]V+



MY)+];A R-+(=KB

M+-[=7


M2K

X XZC'I0



MG!P?R%:*2


;B0E


4;!W/]XCD*/QP?PQ] !(;F:1T3RHV(QYA$HX'KCZU7FO+M+M
<8)_050F@N3</)9^;(VW8C
Q01@\D\CYLG'3T'
M3K0!H64SRI
[

=^W-2VOF+#-)'





2_SN4
9MWPF
Y8'OGCC^7-/ELS;Z6L2[V)FA

YSM/7- %BZOS'IL


I


T6YF*@8*MCJ2

M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 R21(HVDD8*BC+


?TK.53+H6F -\Q:%L

_6N7 DL
Y]:?K'G'3;F-)$!F4Q(-A)RWRCO[T 6
MXKJ9]D4JNV-WRG/%.FFC@4-*P52P4$]

M+?[-$5\QY&8[F

A P'
:2(0



MZCT]^U %U[J!&VM
@;GC//%.
T8:-=W

J%(_F0 9




EE2%-\C!5R!D^I.!^M$

MI@O(#8_;-_[C9YFX@_=^E8UF&D\J5LNK^00YY!^=SU]@13HQ*?#NGA#M3=#O

M8)#@/C/S)WVT_4?-^T6+DA5#-E1S\WEN?TQ^M %YKB!5+--& .22PXJ2L9))
MI9X/


?G4#1QR75W%-=?+
ME=X;'(V@\XQCD?SH UMZ^7O)PN

M5HLDHCPLBOYLWS/M/&]L@+T)Y!SZ@=1Q0!OAE(R&!'3K4:W

M-ROE2D%F6+$N/E &_!!_OYS[T :TLB0Q/+(P5$!9F/0 5';WEM=?ZB9'.T
5

MS
I8 @C(&.?U%95Z2;RY9HF15AQN=LYR2
J ??\ ^M3[-2M^A!C+QAH2I8 X

MRMVN?/:


5


Q
M9F/3)8DDG '7TIQ@5IQ*Y+





M



M*ZNK)O

]!0!:6SC06RQED2W&%0'@C&!GUQFH_[.C\


M;;C&8R@)/  S[_SH EEMEEFMY69LP

K
JJ6;RP!M+-U;







MB;=L&






6R58



@V^8R+WV\$_CVJ.:SBE@6( Q!/\ 5M&=I0^U





M$3DPDJ5)^I&[]:IW.HS1:@8O

M3!&1M QSG!Y^E &M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!'+Y?EGS
M0OH1G/X5G3+,UT)S!(UHK3RQ]\N!@-M].G'7(SBM3IUJ/SA]I$&TY*%\]N




M&T_D



MPO *G!XZGGN!BG6U[#=
5BWY*_S(5^5LX/(]C0!6UQC^RW+J9B\AW861@







*&Z


#



M'X&@!#
S[UC1U8+D

*P._[W YY/R_J

PY
M4\X.


[+@ G -43%+_:2C[':_ZD

C17N]49BL:G*]%&XY)_#-5X[F





M%CG'T'040VT-N\C0IL\PY91TSZX[4 8LYF2[NIXU++(01'YK##\*!QW./P J

M ?3\3^=)#9100^3$TB)N+8WDGD^IYH PK18BQC@@9+F4EU$9C8H !]_)YSD9

M$F 60L5Q@KN(!^N.M &/;9D:&2.4&3[00%55SY62 3@9P0.OO5[4CL7SI1*T

MK!-Y?F1J?*8

MYH IK \EX)HY+A)-R^:/

_'^?6


(XU6*Z
MNLD'GF5QCI2S3;;YV5B=@$2N2V



8Z=*D^SQ80;?E3[J]A
M[XH Q]#BE6SD:4*'


M?5XG6RMA&Y9T#!MK

XX!['U

003[\



M@:FIABC
@D**9 


1HNT G/% &+O\
M.GF56.9V\E68L







 N0

MW+OI33^8R$R  @!3]\#'4]?ZTUI)?M=U'B?:D*
HWC@DOD]?8?E4AB^U6L4(
MM6MH_
#





X
M-B&6ZF@E$EN;:4#DN&4G'48[9]0/I0!:JKJ5W]AL)KC879$)5!U8XZ5);+*

MGBNKNWMG:/8P8



MM;BXEDECC;&T2(YP&SU;(Z=!C\?7@ CTRY_TJYCFN%8O(/)4OG(#.!D]\T


MN[EM[-YO*56#JJAFSD%@



M'SO

3$BDJ&QP#]:K_V;%-J:
MRSVI9(X\H96WX;/;)..* )]2EN8+.XE18V54)[BK'CID=#3;:2X'E6YFCD=

L+1 HL2*Q!S@L

^1S4AL[HSS7'VE5E<!5 C^4*2



MSD8)S0UIF^)6

M9H1$K


6[B4?O=PR
467=D,1G.

ENWO0!NF[MA=
*/.-TCA1GZFL6#3'.J2R75G<.#.+B
=HWC:.Z*)&5 &

4\6P&YED1MP.\
Y8
M'CIP1U]_Q +8O+5KAK=;F$SH
M&'&X#W'6L_3-5;5+N5[6XM)+6)VC9%.9!@

4-



MFPNX9=)CGTYTCALG@G):






M4&70G)!SG(R

M7O0!T-O=VUUO^S7$4WEG:_EN&VGT..E1-JFGINW7]JNQ_+;







M))Z#'K6'/I
-Y'KCKBHI-3L8Q.6O(




T^A- T7ES/;E-C










P99;:-H9)E=4&S:#USC/.!V]^*6#3;DV]E%<6)S80/$YW(PN04





M:YC

[0

M+^SBB662[@2-QE7:0 
/8T&]M!(L9NH=[':%\P9)QG&/7'-8=OIMQ!J=E/\

%EO!(LA
3

MH\ZSQ21W3+&F O#)N'((X(4YXH ZBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****

M([@&L2_LU.E72_899+5[R%[2#[
S%$!3?\F
J.'X('IWH Z2&YE6U:6_B2V9

YMFB8!
MF


ML-UF=1
$DR&ZB:U13MPP.V/RP&Y*D\'..] '7T5RK6





+)Y$:.'+##AL]!_P$]:

MGIB37R6T22N0&=$M(S,  3]2*PKF9FM[DTO2?[4BEP+60Y0
I)'R\CY3^G



M*:UGLK

M#QR* .MHKEO[-BBTQ?LC731K-YP2YLMR9QC'E*JD#// Z\TVXADF$@OM-G
L
M7
M*YO[-0U#4;*^AD836<


M

M\DE1TPR#GC'L#@ [&BN*2UDN+6WBGAO8]/22X5HUM-Q7+YC.QT.5V]!Q[5
MT-U;SQ^'7M[4W$DBQ!5+M^]8#KSQ\Q&?QH E74))-2N[&.WQ)!$LB
[X63=G

#-QM&#U(SQCJ3UYU9(FDUB

DX KD-)LX[NVT\0VK[U$@NI)
M(SMDC(8!2QX?)*\9.









@


MFI-1U!)+J1KD!8-0BA6


59T^[U6]U!I_-MTM$GDADA:3Y@ 2
M!@;

L-W3CUK)=M9CL9IY;Y L9293 R



MT\2-$ H1F)7/;/)]^PJ_XF
B^';]HI7B=868
F


' 'X5:^VZK=ZK.MK)

; 

M7C&WIR1USSP: -V.02*64








_


'!(/YCI67IT]P-5N;2:8RH
ML$4JY4#:6+ @8[?*.N3[U/JTK1Q0I'=/;O)(%'E1AW?@G:N[@'C.2#P#]: )

H![J#ANF
M

MSG!R

MAJ*Z4;E[P-*]TUKDA8XTPY4

TF)EF .%
ME5),1&X[CQMZ#B@#I:AN;:*[A,4RDJ3GABI!]01R#]*PWFU4RB6_AB=;%I&



MM-GFNISY#ZA



M8%.F!G^(YR?RJ[XCW_V%=&.9X2$^\F

M&

 ?7FJXMM)5;D


MN+C3!?%(K=B^JQQ2[047#K&RKSSDYP3^)H U+[18[DP..R$4*[5AGM!*BC
M_9&1@U832[(6\


MKT8/R&!'/&
/I0!NS6=M<
M6GMX96*&

4L
M?E6\4L;B
[AN+ @_-U^7@\=:D?5-4.H/;6MHMR+9T2X8*JAB0&)&9
K@'IAL

M?8T :+:5I4KRJUA9.S



ML=X]#D=?]F@#3?2-
D+E].M&

MM4.5';/7%.BF86*3S#YO*#N!ZXR:Y]9Y[C6=*OY!;J9[.:2


FIW


#H
=

MEC



(6= ZQQH04ZYR23GMV% $PTK3A;&V%A:B!FW&(0KM)]
E8FK6EO)K@9M'6_=[8YP(P00P .6(^F1R*

2F1&5Y)'^;!&01M '\1SD^E '1LJNI5@&4C!!&0155-

MI?MVI6DPANIK5Q+;%K=D@8%I.!M.7/J..^3TQ0!IMIE@S*S6-L60$*3$N5!S




WV

3)+))ELJA7 ]#R<_I]* +
&



MXQQ69J#7


L*@J#G('''4_F:RIM5UFVM6DGL8X_P!_$BO)
M@95VVGY5=N02.XSGVK=A$HA43NCR8^9D0JI^@)./SH KG2=-
 @.GVAA5MPC
M
*[0?7&


'UH W:J)96#-

Q!._GI[=NN.9I-
M9OS&L45LC7;SRQ )AU 3J?F9
_F* -2+2]/@DCDAL;6.2(81DA4%!ST...I_
M
O-2:MJ#Z=#\=L9S+


+YX@623:3V4A
'CGDK0!9O=

M26&D00V'E7$*L\D(BE!E:1=N

9MMS21


'@'(
MST'?.  ;]5(]*LHOLVRW5?LK

M


LOW3PW&

9
MVKU8]@/J:RM2U6\BL=1B-M'#=PVK3H1

M).6E=7?%U*
LO0\-V_I5FUT^WLYIY8%D#W#;YTK-D^N3CTX]!Z5!I%HMK9



LRC'#$!AZ

/8





M.P\\8SWH U;:WBM(%A@7:BYP
DDDG)))Y))).354Z/8F82F%MPE






I^=MI(
MW#;\H.#R

M%EDS
YRX.01D\'@=
=!Z4Q] TYQ*&CF ED$KA;B0 L.AX;C''3T'H*SY-6N=


$C=


S/'Y


.#G.15#Q TD


01
MG!P._2@#0_L^V^T+

DXR3U^O\JY


A$


MO8-(S[1Z#
BSL=)&1AGJ


KYWXZDC QSD=^E $4FE64

#'/YUCVVMRW'


34+:)8-G
3\ECQ
XV[OO8YXSUX[\U4&O
]E-


'(H U

8K4YA#2
2O!&

M#;L@_0U6N-=DM9'AEL2TZ311E8Y05VR'MD@=P1C'7VYH_MR9_FV:J(;I;:

9G:2.?88 ^E7I-<(U
V


M(!TSD'!'J
&G:EJ






I&W!!//(S6G)!'+;-;RCS(W0HP8YW C!

M_'!'YT 4!X?BRC&]O6DCB:&-S(

M._;RN?EX/N








ZT[72Q;7

(CG+03K+#
M

M#1NM*%S??:_M=Q$XA: *FS;M;KU4G.0#U[?6H;70HK/R3!=W2-'$L+-E?WB+
MG:&^7' .

M+2


8/R]


M(\@$@ YXR
Y ZYZ42Z]#$+C?:W68(Q

:#\GSMC'/R
!'^TP7
$
/F;_OKV&&

@D @

M/7OZ8 ?J6GC48HXVN)H!'(L@

M#+&H:5W6*
-TW






M.-N




=
+TX%7+RT2\LI;61






YVGN12V
MT]V9'6\@MX@J[LQ7!DQ]057'?\C0!0.AW#2W$IOD$KW0NH66#'EL%V8.6.X%

 FV/R[?^!\UIM?V:V@NFNX!;'I
9!L/_  +.*=)=


M(LWV?#J!W0[LJV




M@



T4\2





T+/BV)!:
YS]_/) ZD]_;&I)JUA'-

LQ=





]/2M&._LY6B6





M8V






M_/VVK^OKQKYB1)Y9+F#RHSRP( C&!PQSU[]N/J56\M6A69;F$Q/]UPXVM]
M#0!B'PU



)E;.U XW




M5)8
@30?95@O(ECM[I[D(;?\ O;OE&&&.
M';]/3G5FO;2!8VFNH8Q*<1EY -_TSUIS7=NEPMNUQ$L[#*Q%P&(]AUH FHHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH S/$$4UQI3P06C732,H* J!@,<


GKC/0&81[1.41G<H@#9W=<=NN!4.EWW]HV?GF%H3YCH49@2K%3R..U
M &+:6NHV\T=R;&1ECNKAS!OCW








MSQV';'_U^M '--8:F_VJ4VS
7:WE\MV1-^P\QX4X' [DCISZ
N--U&XNKNY^

M@ACE$



+)]


\5T-9VIZJ--221[.YFBBC\R22+9A1S





M.^DR.HU+[0CEHCA-@4D?-GJ


JPZ$4Z@#FX[:\51C2I

]!FJMC8W







MT]Y
Z?
APK

WJ68B!CDEEF?9'%'C<YP3W( X!/)J&74]AA MI?WDX

M5O?&?5+RR




T8$3V[[8WW*0#N&%/RMS]/
M:H[*QVW%H$M)HKNWGD-Q




M8?+C/7 QFNM8[5+')P


67)1D.3PV


W0=P(7RJ[''S#&0

R%(89-_F[EV[V'WCGOTQGDBNWI@DRZ!4+(REO
M
!&T=



MO(DA\AP
M@DP!EN


MD6GV4MW.'





GB73DM9+@&Y
M:- Q)%K(

@





M3)+(\$FX G(#
1TSTSQ74A@PRI!YQQ2T 9VLV\%S;HES!.Z*V\209WQ$#AAM
MYSVX_*LEOM36=O'=B[N8EOD


MKR1UTL1LLD

MD';G Y-.U***1M5:ULYG LX/L;1VKE=R[L;

M0XW;)G0-C^\ 0#^-6E4*H50 H& !T% '

2#_1-I W(V0


K#(8'((]:BN[874'EF
M22(Y#!XR


&23;DCG PH

CWYIC:A.







M[U.PNM






M#E='OHS-I3MJ;SR7 F1]\^0^#D?+TS[XS4_BN[$


-WI]*



Y.\


0I/4J
X4GVQ44.AV$!A
:3KY)8Q_Z3(=N[K_%WH I)?W.I6T5O




K3V



MW-G!=K&)E8^4V]&5V5E.
9!!!Z$_G59-$L(Y(I(XI$:(L4VSN -W7C/?_#TH
M 9X?C0:)%&$4(&D7;CC&]N

MP
9[NGLKWL+8V]L)%B))PTK


M;B(F1B1QCDYR?QST% &

M9[X/-3OIUK(Z

M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%



=QCC% &/K91KZ5DV
8]P\LHY+]

M8





M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
'Q1J6HZ/I\U_;-:M%'

MVGDAI&4LTKE0H!!XP#GI[5+?VNH75K9K&\4+)*C7$8=MKH.JAL9].PSTH 5M





:[R_EKQA
M=Q )_'UJ]0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% &??

8^95(!_BX.6'

M;


TQN1!*8=PCW

M!W
&DP0QCP!QCOUH S[34[BZV! X!GE0N=AX5F '7M@?_7K0LII7CG
F9&24

X 9]IYX[]35VR1?LUQ\5Q#+G,H4%03_L
M$8&..W/KS0!!!JDI2(RLP589))H4GY2
?H35Y;EX+.YN+@
5BW
 
9V@9[=

G!5QCM^/
M- #GN)AJ4


H
M4Y


M6J29


U.+

MJ@M&LH8L-N2

MZ6=VZ22!XMX3Y
@X7.3\O%7+N=[8K(2AAQA@?O;NV/7C/Y5G7ELZ6-QY+3LT
MD
@D3RR?



M&9^_?H/Y_2FZC=O#+!$DPC
T@C&8BQZ$\'IGCT-4+6Q
M]#)*ES&X
FYEDD3


=Y(U1@^Y0!NW# 'R@Y !S]14FLW[6=DS
M*DB.SJB,H4Y)/89],FF:9:I'<REK:-/+^61&!C@YP=HHU2VFDMY)F*LP 5$
MD[?F'3U)_S[@%^&9IMK)A&R[@Q(_EFJUS=-)*(;69$*'=([8QQ_#]3W]!^
M%/MK:XAN')FC:!R6


4BD7S5^]&2-PYP?J
]QQ4$5X?*4S2
K'/.Z

I@8S[M_F.!N
M4 [=QQT]L56M+-I(1(7


L@GG;_1








@AA@]#T[5#)?#RF


$]NN.

M0+/.OEO$&.8\99CA0#^?Z58O


8W.Y?G=BHYQSP


\8D9
DLN



9ZT :
UU!!+''


98*OH!CD?_

DK.J')1MIXQSQ^?6B&9
L/4V_XD&MAS'YIBER5

M9##N*YW35@66 7&W)LH)5 )SE23G\

M@#0$J&8P[OW@4
1['_\ 53G=8XV=CA5!)/L*QTN!))@0QJC6R3@K;EF^;/&



M/SK#L'865OMCG3-TP+;^






2R-Y=PAP!^]DW _0;CBLBVA

MW8)H[B!)HCNCD4


M4ASD?ZQA^M49E0C4=FS:THVCCGY$Z#']: -X2(5+!U*C.2#TQUJ%;VV:-)/.

M.


XR*BAO8)FA6-F)FC
J?*?NC')].HJ&\=T2W:8 8
MG'W

M$:MI)!F.$&T\\9_#@=ZHZAJ6MK#AI%
ZA@6R6SG.2?6HK.'$Y=HW9?


M!G^5)Y\.
^:G_?0JI?K
ZVF\J@\Y#(JG=DYZ9(Z9Y_ 52EEFE@A+EBI
1.4


@EAS]/6G)/')&'5AM/KQ^AK.UQIO(6.W;#%

MN8$FB)*.
C((/Y'D5!?1-.%1W58
_




9_F*

(Z'[1(&)8X?Y




MMCR-N2
WW7'G1U.S9@8]<T6MLMM&Z*S-O=
MG);U8Y/\ZS9;FX.E3S0NSHBF19&)CD48W 8V\X! Y].:T4DFR&=(TCCRW+

94C@8&*2UMA:QM&CNR%BRACG;GMGOSGKZUA:;?W
L-


M D]3\Q)^E.O+]QI/VK+1Y)&Z

M&B
+'L!(&


8R-L@!.&RW&
@8'7W

MR.2
;N* +WV)%MFABEFCW

5QD



]O]D5/10!42PBC1$5

[D








#DG\:NT4 9[6 -Q)E X:


?
M\

$HW*GU4








MA3
=U;
2%(S

.LVP:6*^DAL[B(X=))1@\ Y4G&1@



(^UP9G7=$/


1G(7*.RD
M[MN?X?3O5JRN5O+*Z1619HUDL.1D9P: )Z*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB



MF=V

.!^1
M%;%% %2]LVN##+#+Y
\#%HW*[AR
$$9&1^(K

&-


GCIR:W:* 

M


-=



5]!
Z21SW6Z-O


YT\1W=S!%-*T<@MX5D8C8S @;&.<@=!TS0!+


CMGH

BQQ2AL+\R2'


DG#'CITSU'K0!?HK+DDN;[4KFUANGM([94RT:J6=F!/\0(







MLEY+=*]L\*P2F-68J0^/H3^N.H]ZNT %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 51O]-^VSV\


X!# CC)YQFL^YTN1=4L$LTGAMXHYA)/$R9#.5/



'F;0^S!\QMS9PH[\U


5NP8_^6;;E

1A3@ XP/:K%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%

% !1110 4444 ?_9
end








begin 644 exhibit10-22x13x1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!# ! +# X
A .#0X2$1 3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C
M8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V/_P  1 / C@# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *






M#;A1[ =L9/47+6TU!-1M9I8[81):^3)MF8MG(.0-HR.!W'7VY +EUJ-I:3)#


U8EN(H;9KB5_+B1=[
PQ@8SS62UL
M)]5MO+GC
L2;+R.

H^;MZ=:J0:1J:QV,<JV@$%Q-)(5G8G;)NZ?)U&\_
M]\CUXELM*U**ZTMIGM!'81/2FXF12% .
 *?EYY/^ !K7E_;V*J;AG&[. D

M(83+O*


L0#



X /2KK:5=S2:@TT-N5N)UFB N'5EP
M@4?



M T9=;TZ'?NNE;8@D;8I?:AZ
]2S:W80R2QO+)NB%@(7;ACA2
M#G)]

M;




4MLUJNH
MF5W23+_*X8#&

NI[S24FN91+*995+JNT$1@
#Z 51MM*

8( #
6P


;L]^G2LJ?1KVZ&H+


MXJY6+/I$F8#916]H\8P&@=HQ&
DD;0



+BS$2R Q@-(2

I(CVRJ=Y'4#GG


2W







2=QQG/&3]*LR64L


\0^T@GDF




CNK188F

$CT




RF_9=*D5Y]
M
6V5BT63)A@?XO\ :'/^S]*Z6TW_ &2'S(VC?8-R
02IQTX)% #6O;1+I;5[



MSZ^P!J:MK4-GI
EW:SVLLGEL\*M*



M1S0RGRF3$F  Q9C\Q(Y'0
RPBYA
K9VH'&XXZX'M2K=VSW#VZ
MW$33(

MI]


UR9MV.FW+-QR?0^U6M6

MD 
TA2


M:6@33FA^SZC)
(=\8Q&V_&
$@8WC(]CC- &II&J]AW+P1W9DD7R4?)(1RN
M1GDCCKBM)B%4LQ  &23VKE[2SOXS8EM



MP7\GE

MHD^S(J)#YVPN


M-@TJ1VLJDHR85F(P!N8'.%QG&.1[X -4SIYJ8GAV&
OM[L./F!ST'T[CD=TA

M^^A[XDM+/4(8[)/[*)$6F/;.LKQE#)\O# 

-P
MBG!:)PP!].*?._EQY\Q(\D 


(D9M@0N
M
ENN


M:*Y?[+

M

1TS@C/%1V






^O

]9HX/(<HD1CP=R8PH+\@$<9^M '845S TT/KDIN/ML



LG
M!'7/2MW6F5M-!:T:Z1G3

8Z YJ2TCW6]BMW874ELD+QQH;


MJVAC17P&# 8'TJ@FEV7]EW0:WOY_/VJT

XRQ(

M#[
S%$!3?\F
,9[5E7T$
M);4&33[C,?D&WVKD*5Q]P 8!'3B@#J@6W-D +V(/)IU<U)#]J?5HE2Z1))8



'(732&@
MN+:2(:7Y)0/F5G+ ]3Q@XY]Z +7]IHVH6UK&A=+B-Y%F!&WY2 1^HJ]7'V-
ME!%+ID,VF2K$D-P)U%JVQF)3[V!@YGKUP/:HXK.6[L-*CU!+](%MO+.VVWM



M5
$B

#Z18PKI.YY+=LM);N0DFT#YD&/F..&;&


MC
WF?
'4X(*XZ9R


M[3;MY8W$%05VA5YW\$#'';%=70 M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !4-S=6]I'YEU



GG- '1452
MTJX-Q:9=IC(C;'$R!74C'!V\9]QQS2ZI
8;4%;AX&=U0-''O8DGHH/&3ZD$#


)SDD,Y7CMMQ0!K-JU@JRL;J/;%+Y+G/1_[OUJ[7+W+#
MR]=)('^EP9YX^[%71W,@AMI9&D6)40L9&&0H ZGZ4 1WEC;WIB,XD/DOO39*
MR8;U^4C/XU9KF(]0U$M?VT5Q)+(B0/TZQQNV\D-M&

MPY
NY69&$J!74@XP0.



8(QS0-2O&EN(8M0C9H

D=CZ4 =-17.?;+Z !VOFE$.H+:D-&@\Q691\V!U&[C
M&.G.:$N]1+1


U7T^YNK^XL;DWYCEDTXN4VJ4WDKU&
]2#@$=!0!T


MKG5]2GL[B?SQ;F/3$O%18QD/\W!W9X.W\C^- '645%'(6MED(R2@; [\5AV.
-IP<=0&Q@
O?G/& #J@00.AI:YF[U2]T]KN(3++M
MCMV1I %$?F.5;D _*
9YSCWK6T@7Z12)J
L




MR5U5^
?
H.&XXY%8(UJZMA=[KAYD$



6_M

![4 =%17.)=ZB6


M2JMQ?W9L-23[?-(OV#SXIFC2
EOF^Z 
A2!WY]^] '6U7N[VVLA%]IE6/S9%
MBC!ZLQ. !6USJCW/V/3[N$FW@CD+SR*N_);.0(SD#&.-N*AU.]:X@^U3W@B
MB@U*.)H#MH%E'S$D9R0-W7&#T[T =916?K\TUOH=[/;3-#-#$TBNH!Y ST(
M(K(O]4NX;N_A@OXPZ6\



O$W[PGKA\X![;2
]\T 61IFGK$L

1+M5O4#'7WINJ7/V:R8@ON
MD(C7RT+L




T ;)
MM;=@P

Y1G0
5/L3TK-LKN\N==




:Q=_V@
M]NK6D^8973RPP,A VE^0W7G &#0!KQM!-)
+6 2RC#OY8W./0GO4)TW2[=


.];Z!'W6[J0V]


S3@OOR6PH((Q]T\G/T- %P

M/?L




M4C!B4[%(P0..!BK5% %)M)TUV=GT^T8N K$PJ=P&


5;HH IKI6G*7*

M!6?3[*1H6DL[=VAQY1:)28_]WCC\*(M/LH01%:01@@J0L8'!ZCIT-6:* *S6


%CCIS5BB@!K*KJ58!E(



M2[29H'=)/








M




M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !3)59XG5'V.5(5L9P?7%/HH J

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHK



MW&40)GS
Q



=SY7ELO[]
M8U)C8[QMW



'W

3K&?)#Y9=Y R3Z#/

MH U:*J_:)3:/
(0&'**9!AQZYZ#BJ]QJ#K

?NFPK 9Y/?@'I0!I4




S+MW








MQ##Y?K0!C/
&T:6X
4!98W(0P$KQG'?VJW?006E@$ACCA5KF(D* H+&5?U)J
MW]J@\SR_

M\J+**:70+*&)%^:-2S

'IWK7I'=8XV=N%49/TH Q9H)#/.0!.=SR
T8^






_9=1

^:


&/EQ

%VHJ]

MS9Y;:*82W

?*@
M=-V\LK#]W@C)XZ=/;O6Q+(D




MKF)F4

S.




MYCE:2





WR*N6DZ'V6M.
3@<FJUQHUI-9M;1


8FR


MYXQTH Q)/-^U.KRR-)SEE=ESAHP


U8_/O[1F:YC)


+SDX[T/:+(5+RR
5! .1WZ]J *V

F_P!FQ-,TCR2O
MN))!(Z$ 8X[<4 1V.1IX5\-NVF
Y9@23NZ#D]?QK/
CQ322I&/(MBI%N0P4
M


]

S;U?+?



ML[''3-


]M#$N&9R
@'M[



M9O-QU QT  Q0!G2RNV(EG\Q%^RL
X(#&4YZ8]!6P'






M

MO&9)S%$TJA1M! 7.._IUJG/;RPP0Q_9Y9'CEC8NF&!56!P.X_*IGA6:PNHH;

7#8*.


DNBZX0
^8



.H+ 'IWK/U.

#T'6@!+VZN8X
M6V1['6ZBC#'HZ



PJBB0QG# DA2H8\Y]
CZXI;V^D2\:*W.7BB+%



\








X'7@

M/Z4V2U8Z%IZW4;AXQ;J\74*=RALX]!G\
T2VRPW4$K).;4!HR-K.SY )9L9/



VU@H+-'@9)(/0]



(3@RV[*5(_P!H@9SS

M3F@NFJ3R1AEC.Z[C+VX)'RXC!_$YS5^VG9IFMI%;S(HT9G./FSD=O]TUEZ
M9:R-'9QS6LJ(+22-R^





M-7?+B.EI''#);@

MBLHDD7:X7D9Z4 58I[F:2:'[5;)*K%0/*.3QUQN]ZN

MK6*Y


21G@CC\S5%8T^WVEK%#($M%+%BACY=J\]2




M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444

M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444UF5$+
M
0%49)/84 .J(W$(W9FC^5MC?



3$R()2
MI8)GYB!U./3D?G7/V_BX%O:W=W'#Y$]E)=%(P=R; IQDGG(;T&
=Z=:K.WB


ZQ+;K;/J+1



M=7DM]/:V'V=7MT1V$X)W[L\#!^7[O7!^E &G16)/JMTOVFYB6!K6VG$+QD'S
M&Y + YP
6*)X55F<;R 3NZ* 3QD<^V: -EW2-=

MR
0M9Q70MFCVGS



)B9&0=NI(8?[0X]J -.BLW5KVYM);&.V6


A


%*N


M/N6

M)!#$L%H'GCE&]MY4M@$' VX!SSD^F


1QA^21NY^[P

AC#J7 R5SR!]*?7/S+/#XCU6R$2?8XI'




-O4$ YS],T 26NE6=HI6(@%2@#.S!5/\*Y)VCV&!



MA (L38'1C.^\?\#SN_6K2$LBL5*DC)4XR/;BL
M+:ZI'<7P-#-!(Z&2

E/MM%T^UFBEAM_WD
M(*Q



-PF^
D'&2.001R#

M;H SAHE@!@)







!(P!*8VG .
C Y]JS[#46M;N^BN6N)D;4/*25L%8]R)






-Z


4R*53;)G<<*<J2 

'.

M]'&;@322)LG=T&XDYVD !O
MF(SC.._.*L-H6GM!+!Y+B&7[T:S.%'K@ X7/?&

M:- NY%!QN.2...




H[*&7T8 @


$'C).
'!H O2!C$P0@
00I(R




MF6\JQ&/Y-SEL8*_-C'(.3C]#6E0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110

D:2N[

MQ'$ =K=B23DCU&*N)J5F5N)%N3*L4GELJ(6*-C[H &2?;DTQM8MAJ4-D%E+2

MFYT:XN6NR]Y&//:)UQ ?D:

D;+D$X!7
M(^8'U&13I=7LH4#RO(B]]T+C:
XW-Q\J\'DX'O0!=4$* 6W$#D^M4-0TI+^Z
M6624B

%

MX

4 5

YWEN


M0!3L-+^QWDUQOCS*N(XO+W'^\W.WN *NS1H7$+JDA'RLR[@#ZXR,_G45W
M?6UEY8N90AE;9&,$ECZ #K40U:R-N)A*Q4N8P@C;?N R5V8W9QSC'2@A-X;

MD]')P:U_[6L3'%(LVY9=VW:C
?E^\2 
@ \$G&*B?6[2*[N8)1*@MU4LYA?:
M2QP #CD]




LW'TYXYMQZQ8
M2R3)'.7\EBLC+&Q16&

M!?C#*@#MN;')QC)^E9VL:4=414\V./'1C%N=/4HV05;ISR..AJ0ZQ8BV6?S7
M*LQ0*L3E]PZC8!N!'?CBEBU&SN+J)8;U69H#
(QC#(2



M/FQF8KYOD\V\@._TP5S^/04 02:0\DTJFY_T2:83O%Y?S%A@XW9^[E1QC/O4
MMA83V+-&MT'M=[.D;1_.NXDD;L\C)/;/O5V:6.%Y971QJ69CT '4U!9:A;


D]JT
MKN]@LU#3LWS=%1&=CCKA5!-0S:Q80Q)*T^8W02!D1G 0]&. =H]S@4 0VVFW

M3[

+_+GH3QPO^UT]ZFDU&UBN1;O
M(0Y8)G8VT
1M/)]:J3Z#+
M(LD









@$
T;(&!&01D



%(:+9\ZD,'89(+9'H*O)JMD\SQ;!0
Q9
MD95('4AB



2HL2
M&.0-&4#N#\I&0
@ OR.#N'/%:E4YM3M()4CDE(+D 

M66-1.X880*




I!![@T
32WL))+=(Y%G#.=L;G8LI/R G





Q(_URX7 [G/%68]0LI4

M.


LKA[P
(HGVH^(W&2VT'^



1ZXZXJGIVJB32O


@-C@D5GZ387=


!ZXZTD5]:

MLC


MJ:C8ONV7ENVW[V)5..

U47RW

M)]LMOM7V7[1#]HQGRMXWX]<=
M: 

=O!YQD$Y':M/1K::STBTM;@1^;!$L9\
MMBRG QG) ]/2I%O[-I?*6[@






M6I02+.;5YQ%?-.8RZ!I%9

#!^
M]CK5W0(I[?0[2WN8&AEAB6-E9E.2!C(*DC%:558;Z*:_N+-%D$MNJ





$C]:T:* 

MS$AE4


U)IMI)#J-S%E3:0N7A _A9^6'X<X]GK6(!&

MK^:/4 +1XBU\EU&'=


D^U &7I\=P-:N



X+VY

C.
$CJ?QZ:HYYEMX))G#%8U+$(I8G'H!UH Q$TR[MK.WD@7-

ACOX'BGB4(Q=E._'\7RD]:T
M** 
&*QNC9SV$EKMFS

MA$K-MD'.-JD$\X/M7557EO(XKVU97\R8
7:O#,T)/( \MR.#^?UKH2Q#* I
M(/4C&!5?4K^+3+6\G61HXEW
(UW-0!@P:==)8^'DDTQVFLG'FG=&3& I4\[

%AJ
CN

MM/3/7ZUT]
:3'W%+D











M9G()!_@!&W.

M+J\M[-8VN95C$CB-
_Q

MMHKDSKJ 5O[4



%8A/X^AR2
 8((S4]U(;:ZU9X



 D

;3N S[


\2W*YU.VNIWA L6:U0.4$K;7W=#\V..#TZ





9K9;2M.;S-UA:GS  ^85^;'3/'.*






2[ ?IC% &/)/JN7BEOXHWCL3*QMXPW[Q3@D%ATXZ8J[J

M';PQ0.&-(0-HC50% ]





V .F3V '4]* 
G7KK4$GDALIIHW^S[H1!)TA) #Y4[5X

.3R:5M
T]F1FL;8M&Q9


M@#+T*?4IRL]U/;2VT\7F1[)0S \=


2

M)=Q7&
9QTP *C72-

MZ99#KT@7N
'MW%21Z9I\+QO%8VR-%GRRL*@IGKCCCJ: 
1-0U2VL6NKBXMI(


M0I(D-K!&LO





MNUWV#+#T)[B@6-2D:JSM(5 !=L9;W. !^0IU-1%C1410J*,*JC  ]!3J B

M#_WV*E=U12SL%4=23@4 .HJ);B%G+-&6/0!ADU)D9QGD]J %HII=0RJ6 9N
M@)Y-*QJ68@ #))[4 +135974



M_E3J BHQ-$0A$B$2'$'[QY/'Y&G%E ))&!UYZ4 .HJ+[1#DCSH\CMN%.CE

M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** F2@M&RA5;(QANA%/J.9&DC*K(T9)'S+
MUQGF@#GWGDFM(=I=(\6Q5%)^4


_ZT 5+:2=]
M2\K[0Q@S*$  Z+Y8]/4M4G[R?1HU)9Y' YP3G#=\GP:3#;S(T+RJB*P;SC


MM\:88C&-S#H?;!Y^N/2@#-#.MW'.(YG\DLA4N
EB  !N?%6;QD75;-I2%3R9



C/!&/2GZ

MGRUQPO;/N: $L)/

MTT+

M1E 5A(?DYZEB/T[G_V:4 



_*I[D

X!_'FH)M+D^06TZ1
MHA4JLD98@+T4$
./:@!AXT:53(TA64@LP/\ STSC!YXSC\*JH=MY
%5=S;PK
M-&

?\ .*K60:O(2Q+?9T&3
HR=S8!('K6@;.?R;2/
M[0A

MFTJIP3DYY)('ITH H7[N=149D(27Y=K=/W+&FV026X5Y^3YZD




_C0!2U

6EW,L 9BW4;GJWHL<?E1M]V8VD6!

M9D

7*L_R_
X.Y@HZ8X/X9]2:TM-+-9LPMXHMY) 5N']SQQ].:5;

HIYP!QDFGC3BUK]GFD5U9W=
REM=%@L8I4\R*!8A(R
M9!PN,XS4[6Q-FMN'XA6[;@!T]LT 8B2

*LOR@$
MG=CU!]* 





=MBNX[1':D+G@$[\G'X5

M% !1110 4R5BD3L.H4D4^F2J7B=1U92* *EG=S2P6KR1Y$UN)#(O 5L D'ZY

9&?O'_/
MJ]8B1(/)DB$?DGRU(Z


MV$RQ7#TD[E)'7IVID.]];N)/*=46!$W


L
T1H[V[GCAG8)!%JN




M'^-5Y-0/V&(K(RS'RBS
F.&=03R

M%+#-A$*




M #COTPI/XTR^M


K6O0!5RRN0!O

M#$_4 'OC!]: 'WFHSV]]
BK\JP*RJV

S72QM*O*
VSR64G!

N8








D

MJ^7CYLXZ4 1V]Y



61OR.1V_BYS[50:
M.5?LMQ]F80P@:.($[B!P5&



0_*-S  D[@._7%

MZ6
KADDMY OLVXC /7//-61YB7]PPMWD5E3## '?U- #K.5WFN$:590C*%(

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB



'/!]*T!T]*P;JTF6ZANK!&-K=

@\8(^A[&JWV69[G#6T@U-;S?]I\H[3!OSC?C&-G&W/7M
MWH Z-9A*I-N4DVOL;YL 8.#VZBI:Y&*T2S@4PGCD35Y

#89/



MQW P


$R(#:-AV;KR!F-CCE

P-K(-3%VKQ70C.WR=X.-^
 !
@KGKVJO:1['LIEM+P2



M=&8V::C(LMQ _E/:;=FUP6PB(





M2HK?59;&.SA%C
RW6 BX5EXVX^NTC_@0H WG)5&*J6(&0HZGVJ#3KO[=80W7






T =)17%R

'V8YH V\MOQ@;

$CJ/I5+PO;I!H=J3;

.#N' )Q[



M#A1OZ#'S$CVYJO;6=O\ 9KV8V+0W#6?E(L%M
KR

G=DHIW$D9 STY)% '9K



3YHE+#!YQ@KE<]I<4::U'):Z?/;P-:%
M79HB@#[@3G.
GCJ








Z2W*0V\EV

MT8&%9
#[JO


MNE!E\S;&QRS(#C@Y'&X?7(K'FU*XCUBVW4C0R7!ADC
2K''^[+8W'YBP(Z


L:&







MSD@;NN

6)]R3R3]:EHK!U:ZU.35?L&FR0PN(!
K2

M2(
G*
 1G&02


^F:RHH9YO$T[?;I8]UC$V(MA499QQE3P#R/UR.*S=-GU%


M6N9-


G)[= : +EU
M+!!%YEP
JI! %B3VP 2?I3K:XBNK=)X&W1N
B.((CD]3MYZ^^:%L+-;7[*MI +?G]T(QLYZ\8Q61::U=7#&U!@^T
M&Z:W64Q,J$
/NV$Y[XQGGKFK1N=2::.S7[(ET(3+(Y5F1OFP !D$9ZGDX]Z

#UQRL6LZC=6R2
O&138=*LTL_L


34]

=
#''X

K1 P?-$0
##$GMZ 4Z]O)_[0BL+0Q)-)$\WF2H64!2H

4=O!Y\4C.SAI




#TX




..?2GM8VCSF=[6%IC@&0Q@L<=.:B-V[Z0;NU5;F0P[T6,Y#G':LQ=:N97L
MHH&MG,\S0R.T;HT;!W
9Y'0]3TQZY !T%07%I;76S[3;Q3;#N7S$#;3ZC/2

2



HS[
M4OAZ-HKW6$<1[_M0+&--JDF-3C)QD\]30!I

%B/3/7%9E]J&I6K6]HD


M?$T;16%JAB)


MV4. 


UM44 4/['L0
M5*Q
I60R@I(R_




M2
C
3U.X$'M6A10!G-HFG-_R[[5^3Y5=E7*8VG .


M+8





MLBR^R-:M$[PMCAY78C'3!)R
=L'BI+/3K2RDEDMXMLDN/
=F+
^!@9)))JU1

M';)XQ6C10!7O;._MC;W*NT1()R

M'J.:O44 4O[*L_LQMS&S(SAR6D9G+ @@[B=W&!WIAT:P8W&Z)C]H*F0&5\9'
M0CGY2
#!&

[^8I]0^=W3CKTI[:;:NR
T;'80
MV/


LD7G3M(RB6X\L

M6=QC?(V0


M\(J[?3$:S J3IN6*3Y54%ER4ZY.!GU- &O16)9W+M.TA+!/
*O\ .@WL%!Z
M^@Q[FII99GO/E :1&E2/CIPN,_G0!JCGI2UEZ:TB?9[6)D$44LPV'/.0!G/
ML?RJ.ZG\NY
6SB28;Q*0P&4;[O(Q]WU[F@#8I*Q='E/VB)?D9I8&=WP
DJ5

M^@%9 NIVL8X#&P1H92P)&&PRX.?Q/2@#I:*IK--+;76]4+(S( 
@8P/\:SXI





MWVM/*E$F6R

=*1)!B0'


MVJ2 !^1)^I- &Q1110 G2EK%





1_%&3^9I;CS%1I1/Y:*N2H.* )Z
&65^ @(!ZL!DG R< =N!2ZY'
(Y)#*IBD18!%L8GY




M=J.82


M7/7!&: *DEK+YMK#&L8M(F#DECNX' QWYYSGMTJW(THXB12?5FP!4E% &8EE
M=6DIFA

MTCCABCMIT#9

Z7*RH\R/OV$;4/#*/4CAC







(RB2M+(1Q_ R!5

'E&W5B(
+G)R6([^





/

M

B)8



KQWY[#FMBC ]* 
6


;%SRQP
^


M+1P3I&462.21


M444 %%%)N&[;D;L9QWH 6BBFEE4@$@%C@9/4]: '4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !12;@&DC)Y ]:1&+*5*'T.
C\J '4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%







J*6=@J@9))P!0!@-;O;ZA]DCDO7M[^
S4M<)$QB!YRP''UIT4:?:C*;AI



X(L9PS


MGI^-+#$D
81







MDMDU$)/)YGS0PF








M2220Z--+%/) R

'&

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *J:G//;6$DMK$995QA0I; ) )VCEL#)P.
MN




B28WF1V=CCI\
MQ)/';GCM5FWMX[:/RX]Y'J[L['ZEB2: .:ENI+N]T75)%A\F221X0J'S%3RG


WM%N$MI5BG<*J!L@$D9DR

B8@!BKLH?'


M.)W?S%:



MDX4G)Z =:==Z?;7KH\Z

MUPH0$


:A!\JHAY)()P#P


CV/%



M!!Y4D*

MT8C/F2




[


MMK9+A'176

C
MQR
UR LN9GP0.F!GC';&* 
EY;JPO-2GB%ME3 TQ\LCS1AL#/R_4EOZU?\
M$$UW!9PM9S)[7




X4#T S
M\H]A@4 5FO=46^@M
V9-Q \JR[&^4KMX*[N?O#G(SZ#'
%OK5_+%:2BWAD-W


?C6_;6L5J'\H-ESN9G=G)/

#@#CKS].* LM]KJ-(T#VDMF&

D!)VL1D$EL9S[
M=.
=ZOSZ18W$HDE@RP3RSAV4.OHP!PP]CGK3CIEL;_[;B83[=N1.X7&
8VYQ
MC\.O/6@W2TR*,11K&I8JHPS%C^)/)_&GT %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
&+O[983.)I'59V58Y<F2$#'R.3R2/Z

MMFX1VKAW*I@\GT)'7'7M4^O*S7


MNQTSVK6M]
M

$D%[

SNR)&L;;&2
+D!C

P.'B+

M?0D[C5^@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH *R=3U62#4;73+.-'N[D


MBQYF87#)GH2N



S6WEV5N]LQ21MS @ 


SB&$7# 1


+G!_S


MP 0
MQ5.;49\18DC5@AE=8XR_0#*9^K#GCMZT]XOM.BW-FEO


M;FD-VR32

MHB0AMI&=Q[9^A[5G:5:7:VEE-'

.TNR
M;026)X]?PH U::Q*KD*6/H


MU'[






MN=Y_'@#J3VJ2U$6N6ODB4(69V0+^[3
P/0$EAQ[9]:EOXY?MMJ2S&)I6







MO -/^T6\GR
 PD49^7V!ZD] /4U%)?2FX3:@55=U92_+87//'%.N]EUIP=8I




MP/J:DM(+F/4+B5S/LDE4CA



87MGD\]_QK




MK6:!Y)0K2-


4/L\!68(<[@\I)!SRW//UYJ]=BZCTB1B5DO%B(#1Q]3[ Y_*@--1^R
MG??S(J3

88P%CZ;9-Q)



_\ -CCF
M/G#AS@(/+0@#@YZT :45S!




MQUS427



I4



M9A@'/3KZTDD9V(D4$3QJ


#^


-U
M;XY0V[.(RY3!SW SQ[#GG-;$+ :;+.EL0TK


MVMV%A'#(Q0J





M



C!Y!_0
MU6CS;75JJ$
96\IV:)E)548@9)]1^IH T]PSC(S]::LJ-*\0.70 L
=
]/Y5

M))?)5]FW&6*]_10#W_PJW B#3$*PC&[.658PY'1R!V. 0/I0!;-]:CR\S+F0

M1]

PPI(8X/!'!J9Y$0@.ZJ3T


:-;QA+AXV0989!(X )XZ
MC/X4 74O+:1XF0!25.3C!!P:?),D;QJYPTC;5&,Y.?Y UC6Z2R#YAMRS(J
MS.#&'R4P#DG@\]MHP.N9+XLVN0QS!#;_9)F


'CH?KT[4

MA
TS1E&^63GIC'.T']:MW+M@B

M #FHUTZ%9O-W2EO-
N/
.W)]NE5]/NQ)Y

M:?4%A(=H9$V(W QL4D9_$T 64M%6\:Y
DC
5*JK'(4$Y./K@?E0MKMEF=977
MS6W




+G 'UXH T/L

M3IEJR



;FZGZU$EA +2WD7S%@A2W7
MBEN9Q$&/F*BJI+%D)Q^-9_A^]

6+;1R6S]: +L^GQ7%P\



MV-P/3IBJ'VI([R5)VD;S9L0[9

A


;


M'3

M3#= %CY:Q9(+L/X@

M#D]


M:8MV'O'6348U2
J0$V@/G/!SGVZ4 :#1EFR)'7V&/\*C:U#S0R-+(QB8LH.


@MO)EFD\UW
I'W\?* . 
#Z]?6LW4+I[2YF


\@J?P(H OK


C]:6


9Y[?B*N6KSBWQ(#(Z@$RN0JMD\XQG '^%

M5%.EM%D2%?

;







MD9D8#(12 3]
\5 M_ 8A(^^



M
GS;1^J_E6M+((HGD()*6./:JDVJ6\.=^[PB9B

BB..ZCGFD\B$^800/-/&!C^[4UQ=QVR

EQAL]

?O#\ZDL[1
MEU&:9TF4!$52TK$,1NR<;CQ\PZU9%]9O*^;=\V25X&WJ<_E3K2Z2[A$B!E_

M[-YMR)W@55C4A$(&6)[G\N/J:-
A:


MQ-)*X1%&2Q[4 /IDC
J91-[=AG'ZTH8%-W.


S7+_O9 0 N3\Q(/.

_\
&#
M,Q8+ ]]P./TJ:UNH[H2F,,/*D:)L^H/-3T 95[8O]IC:.20RRQ&1RXP@0EN


MA?




$DQE1E12QL3@=J )I8_



G)QGGL
Y-

%VT*RQF2
Y'F'


(HW

M5)9VGE:%;V]Q:B5HT7
O^(I;6_M;
MM4\B969EW[
_
![CM0!F6]C=FS2


B)*Y*

'B+%L;L!U





MH **** BBB@ HHHH *S=2CFDE58&1'D7:V1N(Y&2!G YXXZUI5%-;QS%3(
M#E.5(8C'Y4 9%C 4\EMR1/(X,,N6VDDKC  7 ./SY-37+&WU&YGDD;:MH6P
M,X4 ]AD



M(YXID5A;PL6569CCF21GZ'(^\3CF@#-=PKS[HW



M(!&&5L_J

S8_O$(Q _K^%7888K:)8H8TBC'15& /PIEW
M;+=1A2Q1T8/&XZHPZ'_/K0!CW&HSQ:W;JEW(\#W)AD0Q*L:8C+8#'YBV1U!Q
MVX-7+4.-1U**)MJEHW!Z[6*_-C\@?J:L_8;7S3
;:W^T

E@.#Z\?6E
M@LTBAD1SYC3$M


M(Q+
OUP1CZ&M&6%Y&RMQ+&

?R2&0EHRQ5!&R\\]
M7S^-:BVELA4K!&-K;EPHX/J/?DU((D#L^



5^]=,$%7F=@<]<@G% #!!(E@1/*2$8N
M?/(?@Y&2



)3&OF 8#8YQS_B?SH SH71=(M^(]I4X9N0
9/ [G /Y53A



M&.61&?.Y00

1UQGI]*8+2'+$!LLP9OG;DC&
\^P_*@#.N(YAJ=RT;2.[+;Y

M8N6N!N+LNTY8D 9[#H* 



 FAA+




MSH$*I&Z$









MX9ULY(YV#2



M$*D



MGW.:GT^69[F\CF=F$4BA0P4$ H#V^M-6Q?[;=S.B



M14/ *DX5




M6LB&\

MJ5OI
T45LL@AD*)LD#9*[0

M- (IA



9 +JR]C@=

MA9&(19T9=[$ K(H'!/7&/SJ\;20S-

M;
V\DL=Y.U1R


S/$Y!1&


]Z 



MW%L8I)B49ID87( 4C(R.OS@!TFLQ(-WDR



M4HZ-D
!;R#(]JV1=Q_;3:
&679O4'HZ@@$CZ$C\Z )G8(I8YP/0$G]*K7-\(



9([U#J 6.2UC\P(O.TR-T(
M&


\_ZM
MZ +)G0$C$G!QQ&W^%5K2_:X

_ER(Q$L9)4
MQ3:06!P..AJ/3)56^=9F9=K



M/I4]@\




MN4?9(6? &.N.3^0I+G48H)O*^\XQD#/!/0=.M4;2T3-L9%_P!?)(Q&2
K@




M).K.X@ \L;0%#N3Z\A0: -QU..[=H]CHX=U *-@A3C.2./I33J@PD892^T



MV3


5
;*.WJ: +TU
MWY=D9Q$VXX(QP6).!TSUXIAU!1-M\BX*;V\0OP?3&/\XJMJ


?C4-O
MJ'F2Q120

18


M@JJ




M

M@MN!;G/3GC\ZF-SLLVN9XVA*697() 'T)%9



;%_F#6[0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %-**V[*@[A@^XIU5KV0P

MV=HITCB)5?W;@#@'T/I3S+$&(
B!AQRPR*H6TEPMV8K?[
]N
$IYIW1@YY&!






N2YF/\ $?\ GFWN*-/$*RR&0@3&
M9E0%N3P




MJNH8]6?=N []30!*8HS






CK]W/


MJH1#I
0DN' 9!\V.0







M@ ?7I^E2^1#Y;Q^4FQ^&7:
'ZUB1+&VG0FY)+3;FD D*JQW'/&\5I:9M
4CJ

M

3!(R


\X^E251O[YK5RJJA/EEQN;&3D#'ZT





M(HKG[.R74T



5.YP!ZG!/XT 7);59
M$@16VKZL..N.U5KC3/
MFBBFV%T:

M^I'H/_K4RSO9;J9E\J/RE7F1)?F_NX*CGU].* )[BW\Z6W?=CR7+8QURK+_
M .S5372?+$82;A1K;EZB

T^ZU'[/=/R858U??ACU)!Z#M@?G34O9G
ME \R,1EPJMY+_-UR.O'0\T 6GM5EN6DDNA15VD9Y#9S_*HY++-S$\3)'&K[
MW0(
N0
#G\ORI1=
UZ\


M^0=7(9C^8J2SLC9 QQ2Y@Q\J


MAYH&Y




M/7':I&E50I(?D9X0G^5 %0V#H$:&?YUD



%1C&/\ :_2J][JC
M6T@&T!79-K

MPPR



MJ


]R3ZC\JO4C$*I)S@#
M/ S0!2^PRQC=;W;+*P =Y%#[SZGIC\

M2/
GG

M]=S ]_I4HLS]EF@
S#S68EU ! )Z5!%J4C6$=T81(LSCRRC +M9L)DYST(SQ




MWUN89%DPV0@^8$$8&
]/I40UR92XGC(09!_ GCUX]* *T\;1Z9% R.)4V[
M$W_=8













TJ!5?8=QQAO3FG0SPS;O)D1]IP=





2 +[CO]:W





\IP_EN4;'9AU% %?

FY]VT


M-PP1C- #5GD-XT/E$(!]_GV]L=_7M4]1M/$DC([A2J;V)X 7UST[4)/!
VQ)
M8W)'W0P/'TH PF61=H
)D1$V)-&


MMY4
L\T\:1J[R $8SF

MJQ'+'-&)(G5T/1E.0: (6L;9E*M$I&"3@TLS^1 (H%!D(VQI_C[E2\MWM
MEN1*JPL
.6-98F5T< AE.010!EQQVZ7UC9P.&DME+R =<!=H+

BL5.[(]%)I^!G..337ECC.'=5/7DT 4-)E$&E6D4J2JX15*^6V0
M??CBM*H([RWE\LQ3+()/N%/F!XSG([5/0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %9]ZD

 _-M/S?A_4UH5%) ))H9Q!B)( [Y&.: ,NW6":XA;R/+2X
M15\U^0-B8P/KS]:MZUEM+FA0D27^2F.N6X_3.?PJQ! (7F8
29I-YSVX Q^

.K$EF/_ CS^M %71I%N(6N1'&BE B?
M( QP!NS_ 


M-H((!)*D4.T;5;[P7H#^0H K:D=T\L2S*Q\EI#&5SL &

M /GYX7G_ %*?_JK6DM(Y9GE8MEXC$0#QC/\ .D%C 


97D8H$^;' !SV'O0!GM'')


MIZ^_.?\ ]57='1S:!R[_ +R)



2W$
AED6.(Y\



.-$0. @ !#D$8&!S]*?/:B:3S/,D0[AVXY!^
MHH H6

3YA\X@EEVXW( 3C!P/H3GFM*.YAEFEACE1I(2!(H/*Y&1F


2J2Y
MQTX_QYJO-&Z/;I:SK;2'

+7(R
M]OJK[)HPME(?WDK'=PW09QCZ_E6I&V[5H
21O_H\GW1C'S)[U8-GNN))FFD.



MV


MGW


MC

GS%?J


T;[8T)W+@_D

MG2WMRS'[-;3)'






Y+=/E#''Z 56AO;K^S(;H;'^T.I4OD; [ *
8[ COV





:)R%W
YQLQ@]


K

8)^52

M09U


=N
G SVQ4-SYC:EYBP2E!;O%D+W)7
M'\C4NG2/%9VEN]O
&6-48X&%(7Z^U %^BJUK]J\VX^T%#'YG[G:N#MP.OXYJ

@!3E0





M;3]U1TR

Y:1U+_*  '(
P %+?W=Q!.!J,D:F24$GE,'T!P<_H#4.FPK:VJ&5;KS$D<A07(P6;''0
M\'-2ZC;R2G= H C82.&R!*000OZ=?IUY% 6=]))


M;TH L4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%8=PC

P8LI(!





.* -FBJFGW,UW!YLL

D].G:@#4HJGI3L^G0F0L7 *L6.3D

M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%


F#NP
J0!D5.^FV
K
TEE;NSYW%H
ME);.

#H1TQTXJQ+%'-$T4R
M+)&XPRN






M#^Y7D'KV[]ZN44 5GL+.1=LEI R[@^&C!&X  'ZX &?:ECL+.*5)8K2!)(TV














M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4



MNNH@J$P?*3GY 

G)'?MU/.
U2

K% !&S8

XQGO0!HT5DKKL68!):
M7
7G7!MOG
?R..QPW?GIGI]


MMJ9[5LJK%&&0=K#MD$@]1T)H N45SUQJEQ-
I\FYMT@OUAPI4^:


MS;M-YIVC;@J.03GC//U&

MA16!HFIF.&*WNVN)7DN9XEN)
8)5F(!Z?PKV&.*LZ=XAL-2O3:VS[GV%T(96


MK.BR0[ G[]6[IEAG'4]



@@X(XR/R.* +=%9;Z



WSQ$!TWHV


#

M

 



H9G95+*Z_*6QMX



M



$ CZ_AT-.LK^WOT+VK.Z8!#^6RJP/H2
'IV













)6+


MC&P$A/\ =)'S=.W]:?#K%C.\2QS





%6&_GU^HZ&K UJQ;S=D
MDC&*
R$%\LH.5X^89]
TVSU:UO3;E9FBEDA


M36;!ED;S]BQH9&
B
F5_O#(&1[C(J2TU*TO9EO(7(19!E& 93T()&/I0!F



@@@]\]ZKWVD7-W+YOVU%EB*F
MVD
U@GVW+*XC9HF*;@#D9X!(QR <\&JVD:W!<:

MQ^M




3W_\ K.U#39;J
MX


M:?


YQS3M4U*+



\=:4:OIZ NU\K*T_DKG^_Q\HP.

Y//R\@ 8[UI1ZG9RW!@27+C=R4
6L:[V
B



LQ$I'DD!P48'G[N 1SG


M+N:YEE%[$!);&#!@)QDYS]X?E^M3#5+..SBG^T/




4OD




^G/0U2AOS+JUS8&!D
M\B-)!(6&'#9Z#\#UH S+#3=4M8])B:.S9;*
I(PG;)R



MP58J&X7'(P1W_@#/ATG46OUNKJ:%G-O+ [!V(.XJ057 ].GZFFOHU_.+.*

MV=A=Q3JH;[2F7B(&

M1;O

B37$=A--%975

.$V\
M'Y#@G8/7J?3F?3M$^QWKR-:6$@


[10VUAY4-J RR1HQBX(XVE1Q

4=E%:YCD8ME


+.+J;RM

MX/KD#!J_5.._WZO+8&%E



IY
M+6]?4;:^ MPZ021O'O; +%2


K
#D-MR#P.U)%H][:7
36XMY(TMIHB7E93OD8/P-IPH(QUZ'VYT+.^N
M;N4
EHHM&SMF

MFE6DEOHMM9W:QEXH5A?8Q92 

MDY4$Y_O-705'--';PO-
X2.-2S



M*** 

MY#H3*-N 6(P#@.!GV]179%B)53RV*D$E^








M[DG2\MWB?R)&Z;/







JD@9R0W'?GUKKJ* ..
MOK-/*+6]G<K8-=V[QVZ6\@QM;]X?+ X7'8CJ1UIVK6<27&K1P6-R4^PH+=4

Q1S_CL/(1;


)?EP71D8YP#\V
M


M:0Q[I'V(%W2D%S@=3CO7-O:/-/K[V]M

MH Y1K&&'1[EH/M[+*\6^&6W$8)#C(V*BD@_Q$ Y'KTJ.WM+)+64+I:
T]TKR




CQQM:.T1!8%0%'S+C/!'3FNMJJ;
M^(:HNG[9/-
)FW;?EV@@8SW/(Z4 36^XV\99/+;8
IG.TXZ5BPPQC5)_M5I

M01:












MTI$8.BL


M/' Y]*ADU&S6QNE&L37JC:SRPR1AHP2 !N4 *#SSP0
G(XKHJ* .2MK[&[




?F$E5 R2

MC*\&RWE4QW/S?

MY!&10!R


MA+ZE.NKLPA


%







#.
Y).  .Y)XQ0!RNH2V




D

3*Y_C'
M?S


]0W0UU%0V=W;WUN)[6598B2 Z]#@X- '.)?)DQSW=S








4\V-H;E+DVL!G0;5E
M\L;E'3 /7N: 




M2QR1S_N @QE22
/4?.^UVDDV51/W3*H.5X^[DXPV3R.:
MVH]+T^)HVBL+5#$28RL*C83UQQQ4D%G:V[2-!;0Q-(<N4CEC[XZT <YJ6I3



^] H
1& %! Z

MGCD\G\Z 




9EB2*125 QNW9 P.GR]\GGK


MX]
]: 




M)F4(/



M]CM?(C@^S0^5&04CV#:I'0@=L5FCZ9'LV:=:+Y;;TQ HVMQR..#P/R% '/Q
MZEK4NDSZJ+BUCB-O(XC9MY1U&=H78N

M X& ./KD^](^F6$AE+V-LQFQYI
2GS



MFGD229P%W(A4!020



H'*X).W?\I/'0^]9

M*FQ?W2\+Z#CI[4UM)TU_
WZ?:-YK;I


M-O?Z\8'7-
UF[:2.[LH(O


$1R;RZKC(/ P
MW(X&?K4TNC1SW



M32


M37MFD[02P

M.
I$$:1Y#CEF/)_+^E &


 N[M5



*O

MQ$HP69G(SG&3G'T P![ 4U=-1=3GOC/
QFC$31-MV;1G&.
]SW[_ $H Q+_5


:9+IXO+L6SQ^4J[E/EI_=!*^G'.3Z4^+2$AN/.CN[


7D WETZ0VS6H1BF









84\YZ^O6L_3YW


M\G3YF_[Z/MA8M BC@:



TTRS'.S 91M'&W!&
#G/0'KS3X-$@M

961!
0NQ&P23LXZ@#@YZUIZ;8II
MMA%9QRR21Q#:K28SCL. *JC0X46
Q7-S%+$[M'*I4L@8Y*\J01]0: +6G7JW
M]HLZH4.YD9&ZJRD@C\P:SSKDL=W/;36:^:EN]PJ1SAF*J0


 *3GCD]ZU+6


FK6H:3%?M*7GGB\V P/Y9 RI^H/J?S^E0OH:NTK&^N\R

\CRX 1@?N@ YQ@C!QTJK!--

K%2JC!W'(/H#ZT_4[2

%8'())




MN
D[%8]QVJI+KMVGV?\ XENS[4@\E9I2C&3(RC#:=IQDY[X_+1OM/2\DAE\V

U=T2YN+W




#'6@#2C+F-3*
6$L]W]HA


J0O\ NV/S-C&!


M ^^
_='Z_@ &HZRXTV\:VMKA;B01.OR!DR 0WWL8P1[\].M+%?PZ9%(K)?R
M1Q_O)C*ZR?9@0/E8EB3Z\;L9],4EQHMY+]OVWTB\D1SFV)V[5 P/G_V5_7U
MX?-HLTK7/^F*L=[&$NT$1^8[=I9/F^7(XYW=* )/[;@






=
M\.[:0%'8C/W!^9_  L3:Q!#
RM%
,W8^R7$@EEA\KG=D$[6SPIQR,'O@TW^
MR+S'_']#_P ??VK_ (]S_P!\_?\ UH M:I?R6(M_*M9+@S2B/%1CJ?XB/2J
M6GZBT$TL$XN9@]Z\2S

8SZ$



1
M0




\
W8=O3F:S


M+6.'[0)L2S)&OE9X8L

M@.!^F#4NKV

M2N





0Z+?'RYX5ANT8WN 
J00%)!



MX X(((R
UO(/*A$Q5X_F9#D9 4DCIT..^*;+KUK;B9


M(?%%C.H\I)7D

MQD=: 

M/M CW

AW=TU\3?Q 7=LMN<VY)4#//W_P#:;].N#ETNAW$\
MZ337J




M2W'FK;









')/'!J.

6%W

\J[#YNW3
MC/\ P)JS[#3=4MI+0R1V9$
L[MMG8Y$A)&/D[9_2@#0EUFPBMX9VF9DF4N@2







M6GQ
ZRW'ELDXMR'1E.\] 



MB$F8
R; N
[.#\H/'7D9'4MMM(OK86)5[=FMX9(&RS=&*D
.5F.3MPP!49^X.,CJ?3D UGUW38X9Y9;CRE@ +^;&R$ ] 1D@]B
YIR
MZG9R7*QBX=)!&TAA:
J2H.-V,XXX/?WK-U'2=1U&VN6D%JER]L;9 LK;&(









UI)'#/-*Q#
I ?/ &#






MQEVR*[1R*.S*2#CVR./:LZQL9[**S-\\PZ=$8T:,LQDXACP

M)ADAM7:9=KS2O



M+1&UNXECDD=COC 3;P
$
2!W(Q[TR^TW4I6U%(([3R[F.-(R\S C;ZC9[GOV

MNQSC.:Q-0DWZO*ADME)\LRVINO+:8J




M*\^8W4.'16=0IZ

 YZ=./K6:O


C*I(12 6QVYXJ'

MM/PVDL7A^QBGADADCA5&208((XH TZ*YO5([4Z_*MU;2W*268PBHT@W;CC@9


M $L4B31)+&VY'4




+3I%EAN(29


MEWW]H6IF
+0E9'C*

1V[<\8J;5%:YO8;BWT^421S6






;U#8]


9Z

MBL)8;?[+(M[$]NW[Q_EQ\N/G/WN1G/K6CX7A2#P_9QK;M;NL:B5&B
9WX&20
M0

  8 % #J9%*DT8DB8.AZ

?

D!


M?&XO[NU
+1_9MGS%@=^X$YP.G2L**S=&MXM9MIKFU\C;%B-I3$V]L9V@D-L*

;AP0VTGD?4\XH ZRBFH044J
+@8&
M
*\CG<+ )B%:+^$[.A&W!W






XSD^] %K[#;B_-]B3[04V9\UL;?3;G'Z59K#U6X1=56




 #^!(_$&N4U.6)M-E$]XS6:W\ M9FN-Z
Q74



:.-9G+!6V!\ ')7)<8Z9X]*2<K?VOB
]N+
MB2WW^4BW##:#&#C8I (#9'([?6@#KP00#D'O2UD3RM#X9:73FDD(ARCAC(V

MB  







M
4PV[!\V=C$DC:
'4E+QS1
&4/MP3R'(P1Z'TQ0!H);1I<

C/RY[\CGI0!V=5M0O8M.M&N9ED9%(!+N/)Q7.ZDS
MF[AMXM6^QVDL D@N)))'$DA)SA_, /&TA3D'/2H]9N?,@U&.\N)5GC"WB4L
MHD3DML_B^8MV.
=J .OHIJ
'0

X(R

$W9! !V@










H'*X).W?\I/'0^] %D74#7;6HD4SJF]D'4+TR:KMIH:64FZN






M
'/'W?UK
[GMG1JJX7?AAU.<H.^/KUH Z6BL&WN;L0R1O
M=R2W5D\IF&U/W@ R@.%XRIXQWJ*SN=9DLGN3<6LJ3Q!X=LRE@Q(R%^11C!Q
P!^4K@Y/Y4 ='17-6MWJ<VB6-\)YIWN 'ECB$2L% ).P
M



;/=W C620S((4$04$A-KE




7


D@ 9]:RFOM2-W#9

GWXIU !1110
M4444 %%%% $;0Q-


M0$ L?3)XH @73;%7B=;*V#0C$1$2YC'^SQQ^%/CLK6&262*VA1Y?]8RQ@%_J

C+8&


M_0GI65?:]/I\5S]IL/WT4)G1(Y@0Z X.20


M+ &X(R


MDUT]CL4RM!&GF%W

M_9=G$JM:V=I#-$#Y+^0#Y9/H!@]^Q%4X]:GFAA$=@R7


MV#9CTQTQ4+:3IS*JMI]J0N
 PKQ@8';L*H'6)4B5+73@0+
7*YE(!Q\HP?
#GIV]: -.:W)9IK<0QW+ *97BW$


M)0 V





-K!&9O]:4C W_ .]CKU/7UI@T
MO3Q$D0L+7RXVWHGDKA6]0

1SHT

M:[-;L89K#_25GBB=(Y@5R'N&(!(ZC&.H].: -#^S+ Q21?8;;RY6W2)Y2X

)DL[=S!_JBT:GR_]WCCIVIFG7K7@N%DB6*6WF
3JK[AG .0


3
MZD^M

M8VD0
4/J



9[T :J65HB




MGNN[!Z@[1_2@#4%G;+=&Z6WA%P1@RA!O(]
]::=/LCYF;.W/FDE_W:_.2
'/

=A:J8P0A6
-)8VX9'4,#]0:A;3;!A&LK8B#_ %0
2_N_]WCCIVKG=+UQ[/0M



MGG []N
56@\/I ;8K?WA^S3/






M*&^7G&

MJ%&*G! (QP:Q9=1F&LVLJQWOER6LQ:T*A2&1EYY.
\GG..F.O.S:7
=Y:0W
!Y)I




]AU)QVQ4?]O0!!NMKI9?M MC%L!97(!&2


=S\O!]UQ6=HFIE(8K:





 1Y

M]/NX_&I6UVV#W.V*=HK9!)+



/G3


DLPG5\H#$X&W*X7^[Q@Y
MK2AC
3/+M 5 %W9Y.3D=
 ]15VTN
M/M



3PS D
L0OKSRY+46A4E#B
=
?+UY/YG

M4E5FMWPNV? SA?FZX&1NQFDCUZWD$#X3VIND;8#E1C(P3N^8=OQH LV.

\=










ODB6Z
ML;FW1)&VABK'@Y!/!P1V/TK=)P: *2Z:JZB+PW

M_2HH]%@CLI;(SW#VDB&-8688C4C&%.

1
@!9#D
M@ DYXZ'!]JSO[6FM=4U&XN(;TP16\4GV=BF8P2P)'S8Q@ ]2?Y  MS^'(+A9

MGCIB:]U.*W#K/;W(0;

'S$

MTJG#H
4 @



X

6@WD:
0.OKBJ<^LV-N+HRRN!:!6FQ$YVALX/

ML:LC;@2N[DGN01G Z4\:%(LLEPM\WVAK@7*%HQL1]FP\#!((XZ]A[DIK.K&&

M 12Z;?2WT-V;Z#?' \17[



M/7G-6-.NT
K)+J



C'3(_G6/+H%Y





;B?NCH

MH DBOD:9$^UPF-C%%LR2/O



9%=4B+.Q

I=D;56''EX4*.K$-P!VZ_E266FS:8I6U

@GL



MYXH ?I-G+8:?%:RS+
8^ ZQ[





M%F3@$XST_A/.?SP10!=UBRDU+3)[..98?.78SLF_ /7 R.:H7^C7M\;C=?P)


M\L@
_)_/3FU2T@C6221]K9^[$S$ <$D



6D +;0OE/O

^@/Y'%.M]0A@*6EU=M-/NVF4PE%)/120-H;&.
CZ@
MDGAUMLGG7FYY(1$\B189B#E6)).3G^7;I5FVTJ9;Z6[O+L3M- ('1(@B
 3

AUA([^Z6[F/E9B\I?(8


%G8RS7-S]FCX,O&5SP
@Y/X&H)=9T^
M&:6%[C
D.WS0J
VS=T+8' ]^W?K0!5&BW)MUBEOUD

3Q0
8/NAAC+?-\Q X




DI00D#J%
MVGY\D$ 'MR/3BH[?0)K46207D2QVEQ),J?9^'W?*


8#']/I3[75+B[OIX
MHGM@T

MIE3C!&2

BRIYF]5)(/48;D\\CGI4KZ[I

\LMQY2P &3S(V0@'H0,D'L1G-6;:]@NGE2%R6B(# J5Z]
CD'U'% $X

MO3CZU1CT2[LHI+6SDADMYK98'

Q@$#&?O
.F1^=/M=22]2=+=&6Z@&'@G^0J2
C.
\'U&?QH S;W0[J1;V



M^\J5P

;U#8]
MBI* 



VA7D\\\LT-C*OVP


M;)3:%(SL^4_*#D9[CCK4-KH^H6HT]%^S.EK=2S

;AA=HSC'4U<H Y^TTF_CALC)]F62VNY9R%D9E*N'_ -D<
MC?T[XZC-6=

M .M5B0N%'EJK-D9#-@8SSV/;/_UNM &

M

C//0KVSVKJZSXM0EGOY(8+
M7?!#+Y


'^S-143*AM2M
MW;K%



MXU%46U87
[5@GC#A2<XS0!DW&GZI<0ZD#%9J





MQ\Q3O#E

MI^I3?VAM2T_TGR]A

A=MQ*@R&3:


[OPK=I: 
0Z=J$N@
M3:5
;8#[
8(YE9OG.

M;WQ6A#?&75;FQ

?3OZ^G(


MFMDAMXE5O


MMS!$T@N
$F:W=6B&S (?IMS_  -@Y)-000Q1Z1.7L;D:H+1H[AU@?
K$8SD#

6BD&[=VRC9*_


M_#-O&MJ\4BP@21&(Q

\CN+FX@17#VY <LN <C/'K0!SYTZWU*\U.T%H\<
L
4L+

J 



&S

M '(WEO'/)JD45A
T#QV\R*UJ^&8



=O?GUYZT
2S J0!T)Q@T


ME2V\8_LTM!!)L&2#SD?\!*@GUW4S5+6-=6N+DV+2.UBRI*D&\AOF!Y SG! ]

MWB!TO[5871!L76[WVLAW
-N _'S='P#[8ZBF0V4UY:Z?'J0U!+?[(L8V6VYH


1
M&P/&XKE2
G!XYHATVV35--M_(O;FT\N;=]IMV\L;BH*[0J\[^!CCMBNELK


%=2K#/8@]#0!AZ3:K_;=X]S;R/



UQ?G4!=

M4V NCC.]2

B
TG;./O')Y89![G%=710!RQLC=ZTT]T;]#YB2V



5*DC.#U%.

M9Z?C4

MPDKR7&XJPQCY



0 !DD]J


%6Z%ASA


M54S]
FIHI8YXEEAD22-AE70@@CV(H YJ?48QKT#07
Q47/ES;KC*[3&2 (QQ

\

$JO P)#CH0#@G]*6UNH;RW2XM


M- &1H4EN=7U%;69YHBD120LT@(P?XSG/7UK-UZ[1EOTNIY%N(;F'R8 S -%O

EU6&/45)CE0A9)
MC&%7;DKN7E!UY[8YI!J$-R+5KZZFL;26)RCFXV!I ^/]8


M.;S9UM;;(4@R;0S;VQZA6ST[BG&5W6Z33K_S+$QQ
DTEP[#?N.]/

M_+FNEEE2&)Y971HI9F8X  ZDU&EY;O9\65?LY3S/

M=/-+/#;W$
\+@W+
K
&&W:P/)QNVL.2

9+ LT33
A:0


G(X/S$?+A3G


M

M3*
\;3@XZ@-C!([@'B@#E[ZYLH7\036NJ&.Y2(
A6Z+?-CD!22/O87IQG Q3
MM;O(KFSODFNW&ZQ#6B+(0LV4.XC'#GMCG  /'6NIGNH+9XDFD5&F?9&#U9O0

M0MIS-JS3-+?3P

\C'45V5
EECAB:65UCC099F. !ZDT


M;L




M].M.!R ?6@#G=4

MDN/

=7D8*!^)J**-);@W*

YK'
3@MAA\Q_NHIKL$1F.<*
G )/Y#K0!
MR.F7XNK/3UU*^GMH7LU

M;LH$VSG_ &@
9ZX(/'M75@Y /K2T -5E=0RD


MQ /! SZT 8WG7MY/J2C49(4@C1XQ B#&5)()8-W';%0VT]QIUKIMS)J%Q/9R
M0A'0K'\KE 4Y@XZCZE:WH;SMY7E@M((Y'&UF2
 L/0D=:B:Q!:*)!!'91;


MQZY)YJ-](TR0N9-.M'WD



96%1L)ZXXXH HZX9EU#2#;)&\OVA]


MN@ATZQMYA-!9V\4H4+O2)5;&

M&4X.._'-=20&!# $'@@]ZJ/I6G/&T;V%JR
_F




Y&!G)QSTKHK6
MTMK.


MT33#!\O]V#QD$9.


M+;0BX88
PC&\CIC/7L* *&IHSZOIZI


F;;9-/&BLHD8AFPH'' QN&1WXKHELK5)I)EMH5EE&)'$8W./



G%2#2=. B T^U B.Z




M-(MG:K=-=+;0BY88:8(-Y'H3U[#\J 


8- &


M(!P_\2DGIVP:N-I&F
&TZT.5'


)
M
(6\O=E6*


.: +=%-5510J@*H&  
A1V<
MMDZ7MTPLXC%&C;,%3C(.%SV'Y#WR 37FIBVU&TVQYE7<#)+LW=L+QAC[9''
MK58ZW

^H..O48
M-5[C0K:XDF+S7(2:99VC23: ZXPP(&1]T=^W&* *QUR\:QN+R+3HO)MY'202





M^'ID53C\.6ZI;QO=7
L4%NUL(WV8:-NH.%![#H1T'OD GTK4Y;^29);*6WV

M7/3W.0HNO7#V0:9(LT\S0CS2T: A=P.64
00#SM['\5?7IHS/OT\@6]PD$
MO[X9R^W!7CD?



M&#\O3''&/SYH C37'*P2FSS!=J3;


K\OH2!NSBDL]
VC668&380IS@+

M [H(Y?*('F*





MYC\V..-I'^3YW;8R0<MCH1[BB;Q$R&

D;

MX@6.
M(&)3>#E5+?=Z_*?ZT^?P^DQN




M
A/?O49T5&L?LCWMW(@*F
N

MPC]HH*12310O$L
L2




M)FCA2']XI*[B9.0

M;!N@

MEQ)'JMI\DP3]X@02(!*2 00-W.
'KZUFZ#))#8Z
N^XQ)H6-Y(D0C82 !N
M;'7GG^NI);W)OY+B&%&EV[$DG? C7OM49)R1DY(_2C2M(BTZ./+M/-'&(A(_
^-S8




ML5HV$5U!%%#*L/EQQ!
JQ))&!GH* +E%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110

_Q9##@8_^O5B+4UMK






MD'\

@%L$ GL:A31O+\0C48WPFW$;1^K
M _*?P!(JCJVAZCJ%[)*;B%HEN(98%9F&Q4SN7&


M5O)E@V7C(8]CDL HP


X]\8IQURP^SW4RRLXM8Q)(H1LA2
@@

M*2
Q5@N
X*CCDT 6[/7X[N72T#+$U[$9#')%(&.%S\IQC YZGIC'6KJZQ8
D
MKBX&V(98[3@C.

MI/AG[):&&[CAN'6
P*[32


Y(V\D



L!#QJDZ1XR-H8@@#W;DT :KW31.PE
MBVKNVHV\8;C/^(_HM/OOM:*&^9LW-M/3GCC/L:I7 @
LS-_H\;LNR9CY:A



MZG&:L:3)N!_TTS'82(=ZL0

C/S#
MKSV[5=TZZEN3
9&C94P R+@9QR.I]JR[R(R:D('6141%E7]^S-DEAR2PQP.W
MYUH:/'&L#NH*[6:



M:LG
$7AV












YYS^E37MHT^HP2/*\;?.D9C;!08SGZ








N]Y$MQ(D:@8^7').!


MC86
Y9(T9H'!89


TT915'+$D8X%0SM+:W3-MB\Q/*5ISJ





MV8L\3?(
8V@?





M'453UIUCM87D8*BW

@]* -"YMI6,<
M$T3D#)

&DEFR%DDCV!  =K$ _I6;JF)

 8&!VJ-[B)+B.!G ED!*KW('6JMC
<OH_\ WPW^%9MQY_\ 8%XT]PLX:!BC/8=NWOSU_*HKNYD


CAHT+!B.Q4D'\B#0T\0:$
3F8_

MH UI&5(V:0@(H)8GH!44-W;SB
QRJ3(









M(

*H66_?=[3-C[0_P!P+CMZU#.S+X8G920P1R#T

N$!*GDEMHX^M2221Q+ND=4!XRQQ62+?%Z^V%_+C:/]TK
M=



MRJ1;B%HO
$J;



@8/-8]I
;^YN5: +&9@
MRJSD3:JD'I[@]!GCWJQ?R!9[,7#QQR%7R!,5&

M*6

42W




M!U/TJGI7V9I/


M*CNI7 V8P

UQ% 460D%\A0%

A7 _X$





1UP?\ ]=
OK1;VW


M/NN?RJ2.[E#M(ZLT
LP2+H

9%!R$/W1^'?\:CAL4M
MY]\


S!B#VPH']*+6 6UNL*DD+GD_7-.\^+_GJG

MR[K5 PCEC4K=1HO/WD.W)^G)&?:KT%VLK2*&C=E&0L;9X^O ZT .^QQ$N90
M96=2C%^?E/;'0#Z4T55B59' B4*I)R1QC.3W]ZJ)?-Y+L]Q&A5VR[Q[DP.H
M4@C@=

BJRX9


]QU%.




T6UG-!*6
MDO[F=3P(Y!'@?]\J#^M7** (3;H96D.?F3RR.V/\FGI%''C8B@A0H(';TI]%


3V#V;


M//%*EI&MO%!EC%$H4*3PP P
^M6** *C6$;FX+

P9RQ4+\S9XSF@6T:N[Q*(Y'.6=0

M* *\=J(Y'=99
N^]NGS' 'IZ 4W[%$9VE)8L9?-Z]#LV?RJU10!3LM/CL1B%








1.3$G_?(I1'''
M\RHJX[@ 4^B@#)N8I9D'E;YIC.DO.1&H4@X!/;CJ
GVJ[#;
(Y!-

M /91V'ZU9HH P(4:V\-7D0@D!:2Y5$2
D_-(^W@=N16O=QS26ICAV;FP&W$C


W1HV^2623##Y@K


MR6UQ;/


&&T;03]3T^E %ZBBB@ HHHH ***:[*B
[L%51DD]




Y
MA: B1XRC


6UDD:#



%T;4WSM%$(Y
M(XF

G&.U

M$FIR
C% &%I>G+!>O9M;1VLI#+;MM'5^1^*_,/IMIOB&T:ZOK9;@7/V(QNK
M&%9=KY&5*MVSR!Q^-:BO9Z>\-J9=LEPQ\M7
#)QZ#%9

M\-CGCMU%=G10!Q3V&ZTO8UTS$!DMITBCM&50 P#X4C);:#GC)';GGI-55!HS

M_C72;QYA3#9 S]TX_/I3J 



M;39FD5;E8FFMY
1?

M9G@;9YB[\D



9]

PP.O8UTB(L:*B*%

K:&7]\QV@;3C=C=MW8P#C
MG&<XJTS!5+,0 !DD]J ./LK6-+1_*TV1(!?N]S%]C9#+ 2^P8*C<!D':,X';
MM2R67^E6:M:7#6+7K&.'R7*I8\$
N
*-_0
.!Z#-=7;7
-W;I/;N)(G&58=

B2&QMBZ-O1C$N5;CD
3[3.$^T,B!HE*DCH-I)*X!([]ZJB_U'[;!:?:AL%ZULTIB&Z1
M?*W@^@(.0<#&?RK;33[*.V:V2SMUMV^]$(E'ZC&*1M-L&$(:RMB(/\ 5 Q+



M81@VT)$1S&#&/D/J/2@#!TK4;S6(((TOQ!*+..8RJB-YCDD

MU/+J






M]1[U631]
CV;-.M%\MMZ8@4;6XY''!X'Y@#-TZU2]

M_0#8

=NJ(;2C[.
MO?C?V(Y'IQ0VH:@E^MK]M'EC4/LS.T:[RIB#CG@ @Y'3GCTYUI-+TEIDEA9








M]J-O#]HQCS=@WX]


M










MG*(/
5HB^&PHY!&
'[1C'F[!OQZ9ZT 8%UK5W90W/F%C/C?'OV^44+JI964<!0V3N!//I4IDUJ

MC'7(/7./Y8J];V-I:.[VUK!\GWVCCEOKCK3Y8(9BAFBCD*'*EU!VG&./3B
M@# TB2ZCCT]$NODN%F41F
;5()(/J3Z\X/M0=3OAIME=O([1^2SW#P*A8'/#





MV]O
TT:MYC(J



;;-J#.=N


MG92G/RD$X(^8XSG'X4 )I-SJ4[RB_M!%'@-$_P HSGJ

MH&H/!((Y%MW8

M9+:X#-%(
.JN5R/3((.* 

M]O&;6!4MXI]S1M(6#9R

MM-'L;*X
]MT;F,1X$C;=HZ#;G'Z=SZF@# L'O;F?0[EI8&NY[.9O-:(\#]V
M0


K%8G9=N0I(W' _$^E06^GVUM=2W


9Q

ME[PRK].H)_GFM#^QK'RYHS&Y6:3S7S

B$3


M
1R7=NS6B/##%*DCA@JAB00


#M+9'3IGW
MSCKTM4/[&L#G
!)
HF)
C$[P
9SGTSD=#DYZFK] &++JES%K

M;1K!I?

+;O




L&?+(E90

NRU
M74KR]S'9 V(DDB:0[5VE21NSO)/(Z;1UZGNEKJUZ[W



W%36-K'8V<5M$JJD:XPHP
]^.W- %?6[V?3]/

MG@5JW]A;ZC (+I7:



_=/I2QZGJDFH-




MEBA+1$;'




M+






G;O<D\/I)YW^GWB^;<K=''E\.N
8^3IPO_?(]\J?#]MYJ$7%T


MXY:


#U _#K3+W7Y;.WN)GLPC@%Q&%E&64G'S<?*1[9J9M

VF3BUFNKJ=K;[
D;&( CU/ _G0 NLW


?F*HR0G *\$GIGZFIH]*6*Z








NW*CT


M)93C#9./E(Z=2/J !UGKKWURD=O9[4

MT221CY

M72QV8CN#=_9U1F \U]@(8D9P-OU.!^%-.NNLR6S61^TFX^SNJR#:K%-X.2 2


MTKVQ2]
!:22-H9/

'WK1M+9+2UBMXBY2)0JEV+' ]Z (-
E2:]!<7V:VT


M.!4
/B..33FN_)!.Y4$4;EW#



TMKY+WMR6((



M6



EH **** BBB@

VD1:A*?*1T#

%/T.
=QWYJ[6=%;WD%[=W)
MPG\M@ID(P0 

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 




MPR6X(('?D5@:GJ7VCPYID]^RP7!N8E*2$ G8V';Z9_I0!V


MFFN+?3I)95N+A;IF&X#Y

GV1E2;]R_P A
M;..W0XZ]/SK%U.YU!-6BL;:ZVC[

?<Q7/
QSC.T

!5F5AD
2OS C\Z@\/*JZ);*H 4!@
M.@^8T :5%%% %=KN-9)U8
%@0

M8S'K
Y+;B&=V8COMA/J!]






G'M0

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH

1S&70'8?49Z5-10!

MR?P _*ED021LC?=8$&G44 5VLX7_ -8RX VD\8].X^M.EM8)D1)84=$8
J


7J5=SACR3TZX/XT =/16+%KS;;:2XM!##.L@W7<RN@8L,8Z85L'/XH
M&\32I975R=+N-L

.E9?A^\:TM;2T
&8II[E(Y#(2Q97D;D$=
 \DYS^=


M%DSN5R0

NX=$R!CV)]JT
M-



M0=Z @-DD#!&1Z^V: -RBN;U^\DGTC4[6X@





6
AW_-GMM]L=??VH U
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H


M_&I9=(

M1*MLC7UW(EO([JK^7AMP(8'="W_?1]L/?0D?3)-/:^O# Z[ RDHG]T';R

;#E6&%ZYR?3D\=
78(IHYI2\S/$0
MH16P=N!SS@'GW)_#I5BB@BNFB.[DGANKB)9&WOI78S8Z\@D=NA _6JL/A^




M)&A* O\ Q
+SY;@W(_U?WS_P#IR?SH&@QB0RB]NQ.)6E24%-R%OO ?+@@X'!

MX Y'MBKU% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%



MK*6X4M$IB7;)
8@X@ !()S_%_LFJZ2


MS2B*V6$. UY*)#MXV[I/ZXI;VXD358B$&V--J;L\EB 3CZ8 /N: -;K2UB6;


9QWOXWZBZD

M:% !29'K2.VUV<#. 
DUST

MQE?8

MCF2XDNA&ZRK;%HFS

?+V[_C^-4[
M22*T52LD9RS%?L['&6)_K0!J451DN(9=)\^29FA=20G+@YX J@EQ(PTV60-



M&#V.0#FF64N)A+-


C*

AJWJD<4ZV^0\H3YAARLI&<A2.] &G1TKE;%4E
3-:L%5D8ND)/*'.




2O.?^ _K5JB@#.^Q3BV6$&


M]*UJ* 




MAR&8[B1[$]1]*O44 9L6GR6]MY4:6V&4@JJ;%!]0



/;DFIJ* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***


GE$-&PVOV#
M9'RY[9QGM0!?HJDVK6*2LCS[-H8EF4A/E^]AB


MU25(5D[D$C!QD9].] %VBL-=:C_M61GN0E@EKYIWQ%



T
MR/6=/EF6*.XWL9#%E$8J' SM+ 8!^IYH OT52TW4HM225X4E412-&?

MCN/;\.]6+BXBM83+.^Q 0

M
+*
XQC=GVQFK
NMZ?#;Q3O.WERH9%*QNQVCJQ &5 R

ML37(+Q;3(%5FV!NA) X'OVXSUI;S6;&RE
,ORQ-(
8^\
M0.B].3@4 :5%4=&N)+G1;*YG?=));H[M@#)*@DTAUBQ6%9C)((V=4!
+]6.%







[(5






MQ-(+J5HE*PO\I4'(88R




M(
LS'@JG]L67D8-

M4+ 5613T0G.!P
DGTYI9=7LH4#RO(B]]T+C:

MM !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
E
@B8Q*K28.T

MC0[F:P24$+J:RB;/VR4PAPV20N





M5;AI)7^Q*[6;6VP


M/ B&.5)!'
PY;[ISM!.

86S_P!+M([=3YS?

M*R)*4+E0V0 
9.?3)I\4B31)+&VY'4



C8 4DJZG;_M

300

M]@_5$DLKVRGFDM4O+J_$@B




9BN)A*

V4G[B[2V;YU_BVX?Z?
..O/;G  E_I%Q=7
M5\R31QQW5O'&&Y+*R%B..X^8=^U6+*UNC?&]O1 DIA$6R%BPZDDY('Y8XYY.
M:T:K7]VME;&9ANRRHJ^K

M.M]*U2%;


MG/'8&F6=]]JNKR Q-&;601DD@[LJ&!X]B* 




/D

M_2VAL8X;BR6UC42

M94DD?3ZXKI** 









MXB'\L


MSQT.U@








%\98BHD(  7G[_




M




MYVJHC#;

V9P%/*EN


 
==OS'M[4[2]+/V:9IGU&.

5Q^Y55+'^(


GV+$CW/U/1U&L
:3/


MD]ZUZ* 



M


[4VNSHZLW5I4
PC4@B(N-PQD\

MXNR\@Y!R.AYH YV]UBZ6V

M+F1(9K-40'.IW!=FX2YW %,\=A_M9XKH** ,K2-56]\\27%JYC5)86X567




Y/W


^Q
M]O:H;Z_M]/A66Y+JC
$!2)GY/ &%!ZGB@A%.D=SJHL$2:X61T4+(&R5 ).

0E&T\B6%XS

Q!8X554NS'V4 D_A2


MZBBHKFXBM+:2XG?9%&NYFP3@?04 2T4U6#J&4Y5AD'UIU !1110 4444 %%)
MD;BN1D#)%+0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1

$1D90)%8G !Z $\BM





/3[N-WR]:ZFB@#EHYKQ-0D
K


137$6@S=;H36DHARL4L?G(0

M#%*9@XFV+)N!0%F4
.
]2



M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **PH]3NK73M:N+IUN'LIG$85-@P(U

M6PJZJD&Q2LN2 0V1G/)Z$8]ZTZ BBJ][O\ ('ES$[A\QQSWP

MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB




[['/;/;O;.4QQNC1RFXL5);



T2
M*%W$L 


M!MXI7:50I=?*?]V1NX^7IWQ3HM5LY?


TGEB.1&1]V

M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B





GGN.
=3GA%T_4P@!BL\B^-S_KV
M^Z23C[G7FMZB@#G[+0WLDE5++37E7?Y-SMVR

M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B

2
4(+:
!9''9^Y_W1TS[^QJX6:15:%T*

[NH/IC% $E%4H



TI
M;]
#^= %ZBJ-U?B 6N#$PN0'+X4?*3GWZ5%'?R3ATBFM0RJI$Q)*L



'#^ISTQ[YP

M0-L6W'KR
;& K1JX92.,CH1DGKG!JLNJF:
M9K?;)('RBJ#Q'N(W'U^ZQX]A0!JT55M+P7D+30QDQ_\LVR

M


MSRY_D8 'RR_&?H/6@#0HHHH **KW=W':P2R2$J(T+%BIVC SUJ+3[W[596TK



M+S2N]/
X&



X.6Y_45M4TLB%4+*I;A1G&?I0!E

99%'S
6.-V


6H5V0Q[G+KCCC'<'KD_D:S[:Q2WMHR1O4SQK&S@9*# !_$Y/XBMIW
M1/OLJY]3C--


G\Z 


M/
8D
[%F8C)/J/SK1:2)9$1G0.WW02
GZ4+-$\K1+(C2*



6[J_E. F.6..H7)QGTK39HH

M+]XCOCU/M3S+%^[RZ?O#\G/WN

K*&F*@#I


M_H:=PH/0#J: 



M

%
M=K2$'(&.H'J3C&36JS*HRS #U)IJ/$[ML=&; )VD$^U &2Z?;/#5[9VY#W1A




M6KI*7D=O9M$D1MI(8]X9SD':/F''TX_R==V5$+.P51U)/%*    
 =J 
VX*
MIJ:0A(\21-(S
A=B0P'K[TMC%#)=W$AMX/
ADVI(L6UN44GKSWQ^%:!90X4L





M5Q)=2NQF)F+%&Q4,SQRLI.0#@#*G/85N7+F -YDA8#:JKC+MV'(ZU6.D+M

MK6_!
?F_

MC5


-M&0FYOF/'3
M//TYK6M[-D@\JXE$R\8 7:






]M(]]'.TH

M\4 8[J&NKA5G=_


7*7/F;8G96XVD ]OJ*?]BDA;-G



M3YVFF#/$LA*@_

WF.@/7U Q_2E6U:.RCM(I-B
M)&(]^/FP!CCW]Z 
R%(IB6BEE82()&\KS0SJ00I!+8[=_2G:_&S+;B( D
H.


9P/



2XX7_:P/QK

N[SG;$A1W49)




\TC88

?UYZTD4%^)5
M[&\8/*K!M)


%\QB
EW!X)





MJ+4[1PYD4R2O




M6R_
ACDS;Q.)':


X^HJQ;[XX+

/#)][81O!7:3STQGCWH1WO=
\H^:^^0(&
MDA:
A'%-AO9KB9?+1@D)=9AD?


M'K45M=W/[FU9XGN-FXLX92X! 8XV@=Q^=2:K;^9'&P5FD
T0'!.T;U)Z=.G)
MJ%89!XB@;#
L=M*&;:P4%FCP




B00P&XE@G5DED8*HW-@Y'(!.1_\ 6IBVKV_AZPMR&W0_9U;

4 2'472[E
D4HB0[5.W(+NRYZ_3\JFU\:T&5PS;&98Q&S%L8SR

I


DY8G'KWH GTZ9Y[*.60Y=L
MY(&.YJU6;9BXCTF#RHR'/)##D DGH2/:M!-Q1=X ? W =
T .HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 


9+6:V96QMEVY/'4;21C\:GKFKJ&VN


MY$CMOOQ&


MP'&











M*6RW(.!SG%.N84C_ +0



MR









DZ2V\I7.1M

M8M-MX[; C1 H_=[.1URN!@YSD5SNEZ?&B2SZE'?RW:Q.EU$;9=DWOE4'F=!C


M4L0!U8@ X R
GH



8=7G.^5

MJ(A6%B#^[R5_BR

ACP



M0L@R&W%2S8QG&
\8Z4 =!17-WU[?V@NHH+]9ML




@\2Z

7E ==Y4_-G (


!



)E41@LH!(S\N./I

M@#[QYQT_.KMM=W']K20W+2!'9A#@(T3 9X!'S!O4'TXH U20 23@#O38I$FC








?J3DG

MFU2[N+:]C8-(MJJYD





MY./0T 7!IUBLZ3K96XFC 2)=R@#  ..*26PT\6X66TMO)B)D :-=J'J6]!




M\P[RK*P'13C!R._?VYB/B&YBMHKJ:&(QSV+7:(N04(V\%B


M =
D56UB[N+#2I+F!8I)8P




MW:+#/-

MIIHK2_B:*:.&YC5L




17

M*







M^5OPV\'VI-(OC?6[LTBM)&VUP(FB93@'#(V2#SZFLBUGETZZOF@2%;=]56)T
MV')+K&
@@@#DYZ'//2@#H(K2VA96AMXHRJ;%*(!A?[H]O:B6UMYW1YH(I'0Y





_F%3&W][Z^].^R6WR?Z/%\C^8OR#Y6_O#T/)
MYK%&LW4\UC#:R6K_ &B1XI)&C=3&RQEL&

MF5B@#)^[8*2 SKUR/XLCWH W([2VAGDGBMX4FD^_(J 

M;;D#S$#8R

9&\R+.QT=D9<]1E2#CVJU6;
M?W-VFIV=K#%$T


[-$ J$ G

D



3N!#Y&UYG92GH03@TO
M]CV)L_LK1.\601OE=F7'(PQ.1CM@\51_M^8:?:7+60\R\4/#&CO)\NT$EMJ$

I3KD 8QCG.?PH G30M/CF2




W
OS*.@/S?YR?4U*-(LA*DGE.64*.97(?'0
ML



$J-/'$^RXSLW-M_N]1D9!QWYXH;7)DGDA-CN=;P6H*S#;RH
M8

WG_\ 'Q)]_P!?O?IT
MJI+X@:)6A:S)O4E






M-((T





$!.2%!)
S#H:A.F69ANHO**I=L7FNRER0

8YR.I'7\*SM1OS?Z?()$6.:TO








MHHHH *JW-DES/!




0(6X7;O(.
@C;M

-BU*TDEN&6[/[F-&EC9



5&[[NY@

M=1C&/N[2



M;V
ABRB
5#@9VE@
 _4\U#!K]E+\I$Z 3-JF!RSL
YP 

4RR#JYQD\^P _052;7;(3
MVL:L[I<Q-*LJQL4C')...OX=\5(-4LX[.*?[0\R2@LC)&79QW(51G ]<4 0


BJZE4)7#?=R0
#/
M;/6@K:Z'#;W-O.;FZE:V5DB$D@PJG'R\ 9''?/\JO7,!N(M@EDB/]Y,9Z8Z
M$$'KW%2.ZQHSN0JJ23V%4!KNF^1+
SZB)9-Z17 6+]T8RJE%;!!YR
M,]_TH 230$D6[4W]X!=2+(^G!7&








# 9(*8W#CGITYH ;)HT
EV]P9YP6E6;:I4 
!CKC/3W
M^F*B.@@Q&

\XJS+J]C%!%
TQ:.5/

,YJD^J&76K*VFS YD60&(C<0N<ACP0#Z?G0!8DTI9;RW

MM&[

M\Y^[Q\W0]
XH M30K/;20.S;9$*

Y^SB4^9R 2C!6(Z@-C!(P<@&JMQX@L8;*XN4:
M2588_
VK$WSKV*Y'*_[0X]Z +=W8PWCV[RE@8)/



Y^7.20#P1TJ*'0

B@)]1]
DT]KZ\
#KL +*2B?W0

MO;+

'!/..E7;74+:\DDCA=M\8!97C9#@YP1N R#@\CB@U1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %9U[;78U&&]LQ[+$T3Q2N

AP@=@-Q]L]: 




M(H1\TS/\Z

MF&-L@89P#D]!^/:@#(N])OKR[OG9H(DGBA$;JY)#QL6&5QT)/KT'OPR_TG4;

D;9??M;*CCMT]Z


DUQ'^\

MZEC_ %=I_P ?WVG_ %[?=]/N=:=%IVI6\3Q120^6UW)*0)&1F1F9L9VG!!(X

K

2ZBA5
MO


9(I8@9&8$H
$-\HP#D\C/;BK6E

M()!!# '!&/3G-5[G3[]I[IH6MFCO81'*)W[I@
J
?


MU#RKZ&%;8I*L2Q%YFSA

WSR





9$.9-^U@5'':I

ZVR6
MTJ
[(

Y^4XSL]^OMST-%
M&%9Z']GOII'M+19)6F6Y*_OD+')7[O.3@Y';BDL]*OX'TR-GMO)T\
@8;B
MTB[=HXP I_$UO44 17





MSN7:H!4]
[MWRXZ8YZUT%

M*T





M-PL/FJF]/
W!0R-\IQQU&*DGTEE2WFMK&[B9GF@^VL)F+*!N#[\9&.F[D5

M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH



MQSG#MUXSC\.JC8/&K $ @'FG$ ]0*6@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B



M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111

D



M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

G

GH
T .HI






M1:1;B2\
\44J7





]I!$\NUA+O# #+*0&)X]23
M56UN?^)AJ!DW&'SE0

M#





M36C#:M#9QVR2GY1AGQ\Q]2/3-

M3;Z(2V-V
'H#GI42

UH2V?G2EI'^5HQ&Z@8W#
M)S^!S4+Z8?M$3PS%(UD
C1L

MCM@G\:ATJ*19Y  L0AE*MN4%FW*'(!'3EO\ QVKD]CYEX;@
&)14V.
J
%B#



^F:N-:2G;BXV[22

C2-$



M697G,BLN0Y^?^LA_*@'2(P2_[K88T
Q26EJEI&T<;
M


ML&R

]QP*WH(9(X%$K)+








#/J?4]?;G\:6.S
5Z94=?)*G


MUQMI7TN3SYYHYD#R7'G 
A( \H1D'!'H34\%O=QR*9)X2B(55(XBH[8))8]

L4

DB;@?08R.!Z9_K4MI MK:Q0*2PC0+D]3CO0!-1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %5+VX$#P+NDW3.8T5%!).TMW]E-6ZS=6




M\1*(S)%


M67





R8)VKR0#_ /JK/OK=VT?49/\ 2'N1
MYQ3

JM(8R=C
%VE0&R%

MUH:V%UI
=L]N=[$QXE4909PS?EG'KQ5:ZL
K'*D&%AD1F
*$;P'/11_LLQ..


82

A#+G

C-4!+7P[)A





Q1F?==1VSE6

M







M:IMR[[2Q
;%9%8L

M&UBH!)'#=N
T ;%4VOBNL)8&%L/ TPEW#!PP!&.O\0KFX[1DO;9;ZWNIHA:W
M *F*21 I?



?









\D C;:YR77J!_N]#FIK.^U6YNY+H/ +2*

MI[Q9#=6TSJOR@(2(SM7@$]^N3P:ZB@ HKEUNY[2?4B;Z3Y]02$-(%(B4JF6'




^6HVX([$^I-




W<21.,JPZ&I:YK2Y[FVAL)S)%*DW[D* N5)((/7/;KCVJLVHZW_ &#/



KMPGLPYSSBJB:CJ+:'=W(N]MU8V[K
K1J5







_0].GT]13ZYS5]
M1UW_ML0W
:?9K:.:']T#MSOSU/)^7KT]JDN+V]MY=3@6X$C0K Z
RJN]B&
M@#G[O .3DXYH WZ*YR.751;7
BW%Y






ME&% ))('4]ZQ=3
@\06*_:Y(HC!
Q0;=K$% .H[[O\


8YZ-SD]NU;6C-J+
[7MQ;S

MM&./F'?U_$ M_8+/;$OV2#$./+'ECY












M'
@

M6WE6-LD[[(VW2 AB0


HM+


8CBQL7:



MW[].LVWMO?



*T:* ,\Z+8,+H/[BZ8-*&E<Y8=,GY2.,8QC ]*5M&LF1%,<GR24-Y







@J[:![/5Q9B6::.6W
I
KE]K*P!.3TSNZ=




8'0!N
9]B!^M $Z2))NV

M2G5E!$

M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444

M%.M]-$ D875P\SH(Q
Y4LBC. .

; 
\$?UJ[110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%

R2VBG\UF
M24$H$B=F..OR@9X[\<4R'6[<(8Y)3OA

1VR6:0-Y<Z3,992GW&# #
MGKCKV]ZU** 
J9=9GBDP+6W;Y=BI

%U:.@MGC

]G:3J\[B;[3L&UWW;0[1D
M9Y/&W^$'(Z5HV]A.1I\UI%#$MO!);&-I&8!3MPRG&6^[WQG/6MZB@#F6T353


M[-C
W(XP1G !Z5U=% &'8Z)]EU&69K.QD5YFG2X9/WR%CDKTYY)P=WX5N444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1


DB98B3&Q'^LM_6@]1474;S/
 #P2<'/!
MP#0!IT55NKHP.BKLSD%@S 97OC)JO#J@EGVCR]A8#'F+N (SGK@\X''K0!I4


MB
_RH LT5%YDG_/!OS'^--:X\FVDGN5$2Q@L?FSP.] $]%9Z7L_EDR0J&CC5



MI'A\I2?D.[.]?7H







H!P0


MY


M
Y/;J.M223Q)&LCN/+)&&ZCGIS0!GM#!-?Q02V]O*C1NQW08(P5QC/U_2DNH




M7:UTC[0%P-TP/IGOZUKU%/+'#'OE^[N4=
\D@#]2* (X+4PW

M
VR
ZF9

5;C'(H C^QV_\












H? Z#JW3Z57FDM_/:^NV2.WB0H



Z_1K?2)_
M/OW 526E8(IQCITQ_6JUYL-@RN0J/&NQB5R6/\ #R,D_C6T0"
@]C00#U

!(TE*#G 5?+?



MSK?QP)IMS&6:3=RI!&!CWY_*K-%% &9-YDVJ1F-0?+1T8JWY*GDD=?EZ#)


YQSZT  =!0!@VM@]WI*.AA82V$:1E@3@







M5M4W

_F32/I\$JMYH9W//F%L.
M/3!'3\


?ER?_UT /!



/Q_R:([=8[B:8')EQQCI@8H I7AMWBLRL@^S%P=XD.W:H)'.

M0@+*FPJ#P!ST]/O&@IK4:O;!?)0*SQI)*RC)!8 @9]CU_R(X?+_ +:M[8+&
M\3P2.04C/*L@'W1_M&M:XMUN$1&8J$=7X[[2!^E
-FIU!;QI'+I&T:KQM4
M03VS_* *-\!/=/]F1_-B,7F,F03\_3/LI?\Z2.1KM3&DP5+MBY
G&/+(YY



MBXQ*



M6Y--A8AH6DMI 


MW29PTC^:

MM9/8X]%/N*K:S^^\V2




M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB


MUCL9HGNIF:YBPDEP[C/.3\Q/K^E6EU5I/LZW%B-[71@;;(&6-AD@@D G(]JL
NSVL_D-I[S3( TJVXDD !)QM(
M3DX&<';]32QZ^9M0\BQGEA\QHC*L;\






ZN\DD[[W=@H).
#[H Z4 9M]KL]BMZ9+2$_973(\\Y:-L





N_'*G

DDL_D*6W(A.TLZJQ'!_A[?3.CIEZ;ZV:1XA$

NG/OCNX[=\
H+;@NUS[89??Z

N-N/




@(.


@]C@9_*J\FBQNV5NKF
?:/M&U2N WIRIXSDU8L;(61GQ/++YTAD/


IT&!QMGN;B:
VWV9HW* 







]M)*+:SCF6+RPYDG\



M-P!;LHP.IW+N4D]=HQ5R;0Q.MX)+ZZ'VS;Y@78 

M8R(NT '

MQR?PK2FTM9IHI9+F=FB.Y
[#AMN-P^7@^PXYZ5#9Z%%9O8LEW=
+*-HXU;9@
MJV

5




@I:75O.+^[D


[ HN[.0.
XY/!
M)%36-E]BC$?VJXG51A!


M+LL31/%*Y0$$@@A@#@C'ISF@!TVL6$*HSW *L@DW(K

0
*#ZG I)-:T
M^.22-K@$Q


M20AR7#;
Z-I8W*3N)/,G3,D)@?+P<C@'J

7)#M9C)$P^0G&1NQD'GYN14%SHU



8_P[D\IE\I]^XC(&W&3D<\#I1%J]E*ULL<CL;G/E8B?!(SD$XX(P<@XJ

M


M#GFI+S4K2Q.+B0KQN;:C-M'JV =HZ\G K&\.

ML7 ^I)Z=:O75A=B_N+BT\EUNX5BE69B-FW=AA@'/WCQQ]: )I-:TZ*:6)KD%
SBM8GDF;<-@(RPVGLQ[]AZ\64T5O[4ENYK+3YS<
LC/*-SP
M% (4E?F&1Q]V@#7N;J&UC#S

M#@D@#*@'@YQBC4K6XFEM;BT



M5$^DW\@O=PME

S#A-O


V<5C:%;37.EZ5=V<D#A;%K:0


M=1& N

GV:&**2

M #1&KV1@:7S' 5_+*&)Q)NQD#9C=G'/3I42Z]I[V_GK)
4+
HQ;2;B5^]\NW

O[=;P@/V?3=.E,X;?$_EHAM\V\I@'G'*GJ1WXDM+:[GT^.&V:(0
M%I#







1EIF!&T\Y&P^M7;*WNX]2O)YTA6*8)MV2%F!




M:U2)((8 

3&UNV\LA7&.
MPW8=CR:

'[
MO^R






+2'20*6/MGK6=H=G=63R0NLBVJ1JD0E*




MYFAN+(S*UR\\=R60@!CGG)W @';P#P!R.P!=L-0M=2@
UG
DJ!BI*L#@@_Y/


\+W4RHN]D,
M@W*OJ1Z56M==TJZC#Q:A;'Y2Y4RJ&CDDC/'%9]AI+17S&ZM9Y)$GDFBN?M1







M#RS8-






\4-O#+& &BR@.W8/O?[+=.!N'O0!LSW

M1XTN86= RAP2H(R16%_9AAO]
GM=+G54N'EE:299'0
A4Y+.3U(. 3TSUX

T

M60X_AR3U]

M].N*M6]W;788VUQ%
$;:QC
M&R1\IY [CWQLZ+9+ SS-93V\[*J.9KDS;L=-N6;CD^A]J -:BBB@ HHHH **



M0QQ&1B[E% W

MC8
=5DN+MK];U)9&4IH1XR3M&_;DC!'RENHZ4 =117'FTNX]/FM4@D:-X_
M



M@KM&V%K5@
L2200

-PS@=A



M7[--*FU LB6TB2N=V2& SN;N77K4\RPQ/J

0%^;M

M 6BS-&/-
;Y X &



.<'CBM2@ J.6580P<Y_N(6_D*DJGJN_\ LZ7R]V[C&SKU'2@!S:A
MB[G$RCU



<1E1DC@Y4,,?
M@:L5CV,&=3O,PIA)D/\ K=O[L=..:V* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB






6!R3[D]JOT4 9DF@:?()@

9Z'G '89P
GBK

-YA\I5BN\LWRC:H_'


M ![%[((KUG(!'EH
%-V27P.



M75R7#K'!%B)T&XEB?F.

9)(U+!]NT

4S=-&S^6)2 6(VDC[Q&!QSD?A5&\GQ?VS.Y=

\
I$


M/A9I&I&S#$;QCM[_-0!TU)678&5M.N/(D8M]HD
3N(&\]
GTZ4Y)4DNA)$


MTJ!)6_M6=O




GRH 5

WTR2#<@N6:,1^6A91NQ[GOUZU9\B06\<2;%50K./





=[YVV(#RRGR+@]0?Z436@GNV
M:50T)1!C/)8-N_H*D6ZAW1H9HS(_  8
.
=\D

M&P(VB6-?G+$X+')STZBI&CE%Z9D52IC_,V.Y/H:2RN#+&(Y6#7$:KYNUJA
ML9XS_+W%6J *EI#/;J4(C*M*[D[CG#
6QT]Z7[(KW4LDJJR':5!]0#_C4\OF


M

BKM8?\M%S\P!Z$#OSQ^/M44=


M/7GCK0 ZPM)[']P&5[6)-L(&=_T;U/O2&SE:X$T9$#8(9\[W8'MSP
=NH'I1

MSFTIVO8&81F




MO/.XJ?3_ &?UHM;I_EAO-D=R1G:#PP_V3WQT/_UQ1)=.MZ\ &%6-&R$+$EBP

@_/M0 MS;/-=6[@X5-VXCKR
56M-+


MOU]N

=_K0!!);





?2K=% %1HIU\RX1

X



]

C/3.


P]?\\U
 \#8Q[GVQ^-:;NB
M;V503@9.*;Y\/_/5/^^A0!GW1CBUV@


M.G&?4UN' &3C ]:1'26-71E=&&58'((H R?$4!DT3499B#LMI?+0=%^4\^Y_





8W4


M1RQRC



=.*T+N79=01L^-\3L6+


M48D'./H06)S3UM66[N)UDP9D10

S
!@$LQ8X'XU


M2&



XP6#'$8Y(QU_(4 4YDDCM






5/X5+;G

M
LQ))Q]2: 
99IW
5PTA:3[+$X.Q

3;I




4 E +L-Q^88

^
MT2/^TFMEC+/%
\C'S&^0'!'?ON_'!]*COI/
GNQF9HO(*



M3POA$#*58;LYY)!Z@D@$^M




^_-;\
M\?FPR(

97(]P:R

OEEL1G[P'4CTSVJ%[21[R&1I%\







S;'5B5;GYSCYOTZ4 9CR+/)*61 0[1G''W6
M(R/0GGFM32V

X(^HZUF
MI T4B$PN&;$;XAD;RUGD8X.6_F/2K-_ TYB6WC;_CTF @C!^3:#G^1H 6/

 =?2M






#[.95

TJ;))=NU$7







M2]KYLE_Y[3R?-M3
88%=BG'*^N:M:5#]ETR%Y&G+M&K.)&9B&P


M6US.\
C7%R-D:HF[;QA5..G)))Z#)YJ:^M2^E?8XP2601@#@=









MQJ(9B&ZN5  XZFL]KV[VRNLBX67RPNT=YM@_0'\ZO0M);S+;-$[1'/ER*
A1
M_=;TQV-94MG.T+3$








CVS!



 $$=R#TZ@T 5IM2N5







MQ''L





RQL25 )^4BA[B)+B.!G ED!*KW('6
MHHIYS)+ \6)$ *R8(1P?Y'CD53 66.X;SM\A8JTODO\ *5)Z8[ __KH U)'6

MHIHW62UB
8W[_

_YS6?IYN;

MANYG-Q9A))8TE#%MJY)XR.

'K0!H-

M7/



M



DDG X

Y]^_IUIMW#&^IVX:&.&(([J-J LP*C)R/1CQ

A/7=NIJ0
MYNFQ$Y1(89#$&^^=S<_U^H% &[5<7ML8XI#,BK*NYQQN'KS]152W#


-FJ1L\D
M#L9V'*E2H&/^^B?PI?L

Q:QC;[

M(V;IL8]0




M.N2:SFO+J2T8PX
MS#)*-K.3]T8VY48P2HQ[YZT ;

YXZ\@9Z&D;3+1U97B!#=



3& 0I8G;SC
MN.O\- &E]F7[4]QN8

DDY[5/2
-RD9(
MR


&LFXN





H!VP2
M?YJ%G.TEZ@:4 *'C*^:6\QL*00



Z0SH
M5
2XVKD8)48X_E3H+&*!W9&EW.BH2TA;@9QC/3J:6UN&N('?RPK*[H!NR#M)

8' '' J*32AYS





9+2_+R3V









A.?O=/;/&

M/


M GKQ6XMS$]V]LI/FQHLC#'&&) Y_P FIJ *-HLC-




MG8$J05)[CM2T4 9UW9M]ITTP1Y2&Y:20YY ,;C)SUY(_.KD=O%%-+*B[7EQ
MOQT)'?Z_XI:* 


9QTSQ^M



M@G.T

-N
MT8AR5+@8P@4Y XX[ ?3-58UNK:XF





)88C=VUOO6X%RJRASS\BY.

MWO5W4EQ+'
4#%%9(T!&7+8/0@_W:LM8V[0^48^
AL@D'(Z'(YJ;RDWE]OS$8


M
K300FEG:X_T;@LV1]U:@(%OJBAR\G^F-G@DDF =!]36Q!86MMY9AA5#&NQ2


;0?2G1Q1Q9\M%3)R=HQDT /HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BFR.D
M4;/(ZHBC+
QP /K58ZIIXN/LYO[43YQY?G+NS]
YH MT4TNJLJLP#-]T$\GZ

M$MY:P31PS7


MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB




%B7V\$'D9


MA4[

P!X!SG Z]UFO=3BR5EOG40LR?Z$29'&W=A.1N!'' !PM=/10!FZJ[


T 8'VK5/)O&AFNIA&Z+&S0;
M-R
BDN
1G)#!NBGKR.F)(KO5S=VJS;DB:(%V2%SN^4Y./*X;.
;BO^Z:Z$#


M=NTF%+$



-C!W*

MO!;L[!+AK/



M/\^U24 %%%5%OX6U-K#YO.6/S
X^4C/('N

M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %

M-0;

MUP
=,=QU-5'TB]5 (M.QLM+BU)6549@6!CVD'IQT)&,GZ'J)[2VN6C:XMXI
M6C.Y#(@8J?49Z&IJ .=&BQW;W9NM/BB,]O&!,ZQL48#D'KR ?3@=:T]
A#6
MC3R1)'-=_O)=@]1@?D
5;F@AN(_+GB25
@[74


MEB W7F+LV=-V
[MV.V



K$@-R0?N\'/;K5%=(NS;QQR:/*V;&2*3=)$

M (/3CC\JEHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *

DJ1-*(E(!8#KUX[U);R^?;13;=OF
M(&QG.
C- $M%%% !1110 44E-AECGB66)@Z

JPZ$4 /HJAJ&J)9JI2
SGSX


[5[G'6GT %%%% !1110 4444 %%

MK
D;R; 0N
75N86C^SE1
MN)!WY&<\=*MT %%%% !1110 44T%MS9 ]B#R:6W+@ KW)/(H =1110 444
M4 %%4)[^1;XVEM;B=T5'ES)MVJQ(!'')^4\<5;DFCB*!VEVVJ#_ !'K@?D:


DD2*-I)&H@+,Q
MZ G*P90PY!&10 M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44


&%D0C8H)7( ^\#G'UJ[_ &@AO3;1PS2;6V22(H*QL1N ;G/0CG&.:N4





M.21T'UI;.]CO1
8ED7RI3$V]=IR
=O3F@#+\*VT45I-)]FDCF\Z1=\\3+(4W



%E4X!R V,$\CO_*H]7B1]3@-[:275B8F4!(C($DR#DJ,
M]NC8XYZ9K:HH Y2&T:GHAOK*66:*W=7E:W:38Q9?+W. 1D8;G/')XS6QXBM
MENM'E1H//VLC;-F\\


M_?00EM09-/N

03F101QUX)XK'UU1@\L%G=+9-=V[I
M MO(.5;,C&,#.
=1R1Q747UA;ZA (;I7:

'PDC)R.G*D=^?RJ61U@@9R'9




C\J .6M[93%&\5E=VS


?V=.D981G;TW ?(=W))QD$5TU% &!96\2^*KF5[1O--O&HG^S
%+C=OP^




M6H9_

ZQJ%5IOOD#IFK-%% !1110 4





MMY2%.=K @%AC.174W%Q%:V[SW$BQQ1C+,QX IZ.LB*ZG*L,@^U ')WDWV6V
MLH[G5GN8627;)%/]GWG*[6WE_F@XQN)/7G!J.^N!:Z? L=_/+=16J2^8+QA
M&WS?
PY)D[Y!R 






DDMOIJRJ5D\K]Z-W.!




VR-3U8^U34 5T)%@IFN

(OGFV[

$D8(.-W?^'ZUV=075Y;V:HU

MD3(DKQ
1PZ $K]
@C]*(8E@B$:9P


M7!9&4

YHM;



'4)[BU^V+^\%V[!
M,J1@.#D\XZDD$^^*T_$<S6WA^]F2Y:V=(BR2 @'=V'/J<#UYK3HH XN_U- =
M6E35G9H;2:!5N



XR1AAGTS0!SYO
MQ')J,7LC6\-Y$)&$Q=HHF12QW9) W9!/;G&
4:A
N+6*VU?R].D$F;N25W4

M-+MV[SZX]ZL444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !24M% '+






L
MD?W'= Q7Z$]* 
NPN+V[UJ=)KEHX8X895@2-1@L&RK$@D].Q'^
FHRW9UNRL






M0MKR6[DT=KA]TR7T\9+!0QI*HR%XSQVXKH7LK62V^S26T+VX_Y9-&GY=*C


M(5VD^I&
9IS:;8LT;-96Y:)MT9

M;B-EB.8Q*P)SMR.F3ST! QQCH=/\UH#++


R*7@SY9VC*Y&#@]10!4U@@2:=D
MX_TQ?_06K.T^]U:YW7GFVGV=O
7RGFY1E!P



VH7
=NEL

G(7 ZGT%:N




M5V@^N
8S0 74DMAI



M8B/EKF




5O?8+/RXH_LD&R(YC7RQA#
M[#'%#:?9/'%&]G;LD/
2







M&H+]JF=+40VMZ+9HP&+

F2X\Z(1S


4DSO


12!9Y%4
MH.BX#8 ^GJ?4T 1+JDHUC[+


$8Z'GG

2V]Q92.T



M/PH P](O[RWTVRMPL#YTM9XARN-H088\YSN!X Q[]:M'6)TELC

%Q#&WF
MM&Q5G8\KN!PF.
9SG..
5970-.41A4G BB

M1R;(@ H







M &;_ &IJ7F
QCM%1;W[

;6=0!:TCACFO5N'AW1H-I


M]O+[4K:42QI;2V23F'RR3EO]K=].W3\ZN2:/92SB9DE\P1M%E9Y%^4]1PW?K



M=SG..OX$CI0!6LXT76K9PBAVT_YF Y.&7&:VJHPZ3:07
-Q&LPDAC\I9Y

#4-7OK6?4]J6XAL88YAD


M9#J


M;K%U;59[&[C6.2V9-\2M#M9I'?;DD'#TR#FMJJ5SI5G=3/+-&S
X7=B5@#


MP-W3!SCJ,UG0:KJ4=OM.RYN)[R:&(+&!M%L\
X!^[TR/QK:_LRT%U]I6-D
MD.
[)&56P


MDI%&U0!G &.3FEH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@A


D9_#/0CJ*AMM#O+8VA6_@/V6T:U7-L?F!Q@_?_ -E?





MRD*%(&


M8$O;FV

^+5 \TI4*B*03G)()'RGH#_.M'I66^D--?:A+/.CV][ (&B6
JR@
M9_BW?[3=O3TY (8?%&GSI.R%B8=AVJZ-OW-M7!#$#)P.2
9YQ5F36$CN([;[

M]@N+'5=-M[1RICBFS+]E=X4WE2%Z\#Y3@;N
#U% %VZ\4Z;;01RO(3O4N4W(
MK* 2#D
PR001@9/'2K9U:)I@D$
\EFMKI5CN&#S(\6XE@H7*D$
5#]\LP_N=/E''Z
MTNGZBUK=WT5TUQ,K:AY2RM@K'N1-J]N,G' /7GKFKRZ?<KKKZA]IB,3Q$P^

+]_G[J_KZ\ $\'B'3[C
M4A8QR R
K=PDDEO(D3JCLI 9EW ?AD9_.@#F]&UB:9]/*
MZ@VH^=;^9=QA$)MR%SQL Q\WR[3D_E6D^OP10W#SVMWUN$9HV0%B&SM/RDC




GG/?I0!=@U.&YNW@@220)M#2J!M



MRMG;M H:W)W9QSD-_LK^OKQ?TFSEL-/BM99EF
? =8]F1]








0PP2
M2+&TA12P12 6]AGBLNTUTSV%M
UE.TTT(F:*/82B'^+[W3T[^U:SJ'1E/1AB

D;9??M;*CCMT]Z@U!4TZX
MT=([?3[2=[IF$$;[$)\MEY.T'DD#.WN!0!HRZFTUYI364ZFUN)I(Y%
9#$A&


H*@X+ D $#U&:SQI=^MQ93@6S
ET]S./
M
0?8UF7
M]C?:G8.YBLA+'(LB(6


9/-02Z9J!F81/:I$+T7*N


T/5$OK&T624


MX[N[!NY6DPBJ!Y@4L.G. 



7<6@MX]TK Y&[DC;P/G/<]!Z\ $L5[
FH1_:)T
M%L;+SF!4## C))_'VJQ_:]EY



M7M8]LC;6#XRQ^7(^[PO/UH V[:XCNH_
BW[





MM%J
UQ)9:=-YDGG+
MM9L+MHQ;SF02;MC*C;6VYR


82





U4O-

X^4\X[]!TH LW.I^=';26$^
M%^UI#
KQ$.
GE2&P5/(ZCI5P:E:&[%KYI\UB57*-M8CJ V
$C!XSGBLV?3+]

N5/0C(^8'VS
M3?$LB1^&]2

4*L02Q.WV
M& 

@GT^G%.;4+5C

M^$



5/JEI+=VJBW=4GBD66-GZ @]_8C(_&

Q!$A WY.#@$J#QGDM4%AI5_:1Z43]F
E
MG;O X\QL



@MXH;NU6 



R[AU7*C''/7T/I3W
MU:TC1V8S?(S(5$$A8D=2!MR0







D@GDCIV7Z4 :OVJ!Q*([B$M'D

M$$!&SG:.2=V.0


M08P92N


T 7;K4K6UN8

M3*D8D5\
YT]8
M50E$567?\HDX'(QDGZ]JZ&Z$TNER@6T<DK1D7!5CCHW;_ #UH ?%?6DUN


M-&IDVJ 5P#@$8R










MR%M)673W86OF!F#QG;D8!&6[T ;





(N
9\HR#?CUQU
MJ#6-.N()IH[R#RH6*.YD GWYK-N+.^?4(F2S58H;E)04* 2#9M+%B=Q8=.

(
PS'F


M+@


MY(9(8+GRW.2

-!(=L@(VGOU^GYBI4

M@ @Y[]:CTK5ENXBMV]O#=21/*63.0C%21GDCCKBET6X@^VFX@6%9;EI8P'
M!.#CKC@=/6J
6FW61:M;[%6_:[^TAEP5+EL 9W9(^4\8QGDT :R:GI\D:R1W
MUL\;2)6692Y_A!SU]J;?W4UM-9K&B




M 58^A!(!_

MNX#;?\]O
&ST^]TJ#1;^74+ SSK&CB62
B

MO))!$7CRRL





M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !24M% %:SM;:T5TM;..U3=R(T



M/)ELH95+S%AO+$


M265T9M+?8#*P5C\PQMS@]1VZD=Z .H1Q)&KC.& (S3JX^;49('NH]/O3*390


M0!UHY .


MH
:M
-5D\R&T@FA03[0K_-G &
C.W@YSN'7BGZU?PW$-Z9;IS(EQ UO$C':\




*V%LIM9Q
4
MLF2#R
!C]W Z'/0UF7.HW AU$WFHO%=1:=%

M8D


M5FMA.01U_@'W0.




M&3U/%17U]%81QO

U '1(Q8'*,F1SCGWXIU<G:W'GZ2+_ /M:X^PWKF1DN \0<CY@N







CV2AF!XZ81?EY

MCB--W\3'H![U

9;_[4CW%LR;D4%?WJYY7 (Z8X_$T



M]I\^(^01*R#]QYCE3T !  R
\^N: .BHKGY+G4HFNK2.:2Y
3QE9E$:RLK D
MJ






COWJJ+_ %'[;!:?:AL%ZULTIB&Z1?*W

MWDMC$URL*S='9(QN8HV ZYR.1@]* .BIL;B1 ZA@


 .?J
X^E%A?WFI0V$9O/LTDUF+@NB*2[9 P 01@=P.

YK(MM1NI?LE

 G)/?@5/X9BD2WO]U+/\ Z9,N'\8D89X Y/?




MM_LZ01K!C;Y:H N/3'3%0SVUA-+$MQ#;220C?&'524''(ST[?I6??7^H6]L9
M5N+(9


1AC

FF1N0

MZ@@_@:KMI6G



MCABRJ[
(7VNN

M2XS'%]CLT)4I&OE*






MGJ(NOL^GV1N%MTC\P?+\VX9X)==O'LV?:@#0UBQ?4]+GLDF6'SEVERF_ [\9

3-(3E3M+ @#
MK]T]QV_#/_M?4FNX+-5M5D-R]O)

MR7+7*V\2SL


8%7** $    & .U5_[/LM\S_9+?=.
2GRUS(/1N.?



MIU%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 9W]AV&XMLGR9
MO//^DR??]?O5(FE6B07

GC\
5=HH J3Z=:W!B
D1S$I1


M_O7R4_NDYRP]CFIK6QCM''D9CA6


MFM6B@#/31;!'@=(I$

BSL=)&1AG
MJ


M






X8$OOVX#




M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@


M1ME=$+L2^2



M&9:6U_:7
J 6\EO-*93(7974G[PX(//3YAC/?'-6/2;S^Q)-'D:W$ B,44X
M)9B/X=R8QZ9Y.?09K=HH Q$T?_07C_LW3H)&QN%NQC#$9P=RJIS[''/6F?V
M3?F*V9IE-W&


M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HK/UG41I^E7=RO$D
3




MBW5/DR2&E;/.WU[ >N:N([_ &=7ECVR;
M;;C+NVQ XQSG'/L

MLNTA


GGT'XGZ5:OK];:R:YB

@\LNH


C/J?8
M?_6[T 6:*J6MVUQ

GFS-PO/IW_
4 7Z*SX;Z
M2X&5DMX@DK1MO.2V&QP


M*@BE=K2.4IO=D#%5XZCW-41JS?;I8S&JQ1* VZ1 V_K_ 'N@&/S]J -6BJIN








OI^!IN

MI]: 

M

M








?P%:6!QQTZ44 8]S97 ^WQ0AYA):A$:1N<Y?C/?&1UJ
MWJKSQVX

U &
M3;6HBFM/-C DD
LC!@

4.&ZC<Z%<_@
]\4MRRV@5;)7F(9M\



0L!TZ


ZNEHZDKMX(\OIQ6O@9!P
CH:

MM (I1%4L6(&-S=33J** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H

07RCSP



E;=#J%P\R11
 JJBB/Y5QGN.O/./Z5=TTI_9


&4]#3J9'
M&L2!$& /?-/H **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH P)DU!=:MK3^U[D)-#+(VV.'Y2I7 &4Z?

MET^]O%NVN;I4


$%CD''M5K2

HZGY22.
@./Q3ITD3NID8I(D96/;)]XX4Y0D8/U_G4QUV%2X
MDMKE/*F6&7*K^[+8VDX/(.X=

QNEG \&! 075L<YW<'Y1
MZ]Z +^D7KZCI=M=R0MTT8?:2#U&<C!/'Z^PK.UO4&N/#VH2VC7%N8XW*3(5
M&=OH021Z=CP:T]
LVL-.@M&E\WR4!MNW@# X_LN[\.27/VPK=10M=0F)BE
MOC=DC+







T 5UUF S(IAG$4CM


9R#WZ8]ZA@T66$
M)%]K#6L
IF@C

5]%LAMGMU5K;L

M)/D*S

(+J&'S9XY=JVYV#8VX
M?+O^\3C)&









MX&







G:#GIQVX%/73;DF26:[CDNO)
M






AU7/3/\/H* +4FNZ;

04R;8V81ANA8@8 XZGIWJ=]2M$N5@:4[V8+D(Q4



M%VCJ22/E'UQGM4EI?VUX\B0NV^/&Y7C9& /0X8 D'!YZ51.CR2V5_9R2@0S*
MZ0$9)17Y.?Q. /0IM(T_PQ*Q:QL+:0@*6M5QYF.Y^48^G/UH MW-U#:*C3
M



FQE&
J
'(QV)'3KSPZSL;NU6:

KD?

D=









K+)R/FC8+D#)&[&W('49JM+XCL5BBEA%Q.DKJBO';R

MP7*C+ -C:2!SC-7$#!%#-N8#DXZFL2YT[5)=1AN_
@D-O.[Q*TK*I0HR@%0N

MU(CNL8^ZBE
MB3^'\ZS8M8$6JWHNYV%J(H7A7R&4QAMX);C(Z#). /:M#5;62\TRXMX2HDD3
Z2(E/



XQP
CGVZ5230)?.

9

^*
M*46K6,T[PI,=R*S$LC*IG#$


E^MS=202D1S1$
[

MN2 %(XV]
\Y[4 ;.[RH=TSCY%R[XP.!R?:JPU6T/D_/(OG/Y:;H77YNP.1QG

NE7L5OMB:

Y&\KD9!Z8.


@D#KC/2KM !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1









M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH

/.S

CJFZ%E&XXR2.!]:2]N(8M3T_49+B
6/DR



MC/-4]5@::6W*J?
$JA-LK#C(+9 XZ C/O2644G]H7




:F3 &XC
MGC./YG\Z5HHVD61D4NH(5B.1GT-/HH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB


M6/S8&,?+DD\D9R.#[@#=HKG&N=7DU*:VM[F$+9&/S#/(%
JD LQ41GW (*

MPD0*P()!! XR.G'%6Z BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** &/%'(R,Z*QC.YPSM.

;CZGU
MI]% %0:7IXC



M2Q0QI'&HPJ(H  ]@*?110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
8T<; *, ;D!('H,T
M :M%5_-N/^?;_P BA#-

M=1?$DC+!$#DOC:3G.#CT _
5'=.$\.7-_L




M0!H.ZH



M(.3UX]:T+YY(XOW

%O7IT'4^PH L12)-&LD3JZ

AE.0:5F5%+
M0JJ

$'VZ9& /









GTI]8EPWF:E'$6B:#!=/])/)&.6_$\#VS])M+


RTBRL]Y.PD





M(_DVJ@H
IN\QST]QZ#U)^E7(&G^RJTZKYQ&2J\ 'TH FIK;MIV$!NQ/2L^XO
M)X[NWBV,MN8AF!#*, \]CDC]:L1W,K([^2@'R;) Q8]


8-9JW=YY@LG95N 1F0C

MTR*DA'*JVX#\: *[V39-RWF':54 ;0GNH['W_*I%M5*(LS-,539E^_&?J:
ML4QI8U.&D0$=BPH K-9-YMGLEQ#;'.UERS?*5'S9]ZG:WB=R[H&8\9/./IZ4


!CGEE:0N9 HY&
8S_C20VRQO([

MEQ+)

M4WQS;S&@.
[@
^_&*@GU*Y$\&V





OFN+6)&5VF%O'(S


L#J5177)4$8P3W'UJ*Y









QN


MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 


MC@ 




-Q%.
Q.&XSCOCZ4UKJ!)#








M@W





]^?R-:J31N\B*V6C(
M5O8D _R(IY('4B@#


M0

#D5?2!5F
S$M(1@$_PCT'I4260

MU!MXK@V5MOGE0GH






MS'(9L9;Y2O/YT 8**LER)41U

M: *=K-)?74


JH2V9.=Q)))(Z'DFH9])2=L_:;A1M*[=RL
M

ME#MGY5P%//7O^=:GV12D2/+
PC&/OXW?7&
_RI+FSCN8/)+/''T*QG 8=P?8
U %*Y6234G17D;&TD!&4 #D+O'OR




4=N027X/TK1\B+ !0'#;\GGYO6F0VHBN)I_

9W
MS)

'RB?E4\Y(]

ML950
XG Y[&MRR4R_:UE\QD

AJ:NDHBCRKB6-@TK;@%.?
?

]  /4T 47@075W
H7R8(@N&)QN&6;OZ%
H.<]?7K[U-
M=VXNK.:V+%%E0IN7J
C'% &?/$L.J1
Q1C+'(6\QMJ\% H_ 9_
^M2W CEL+




M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444


MI;VWG//$\B.T@5/EQD$X)_B';O3HM-V6=Q;O=SS?:-VZ20(6&1@XPH'Y@U7@
MT(0R6KC4;UC:Q-%'N




MR$0+ $D*%=J].B@]23U[^F!44VE)]A33%CGE@+A_-9P!'A@P'!!^F!]30!H6







B2EL

M4 3V%R;RSCN##+ 7'

 _7\
M

MC@_*AP3Z' ]ZZ%E#*5/0C!K







MA:&+_5GM_P#D\+_ -\CWR -M_$*7,MDBQ+']JA69?-ED[CC\88C&3R..









#DYI)?#T
PG


8SGGMT.:M7FL-;FY:&V$L-FH



$9!K.MM&AMF39-

M/EXST)').* *?AF S0OJ%S#&MTTLR&5)Q=?



?7&:T+C37%]-


MF'E2;XRP!Q@(1P&!.6'XU=ETI9&MI1=7$=Q;H8UG0KN93C((*[3G [4HTM%O


R3K#+:LC$[RR'



!74 *54D]-H/6ENM

C8
M(/\ $

MS +'$9=^Y2&4=3\I)'T8 TG]@R[K:

1T!Q^=2
M1:-(-+DTR6\+VGE^5%MCVR(N
#+9(..

I_3\
M0!;;5499(F@N?-A@27&S)D4Y *@'/4'@X-07.OF.V9XKX
R7
8O\ JR5VN02J@M\N

MDG!Q56#5#::AJ0N/M

L4(@



MR:&.X




MSOAF!B=5 


RREA;':VWH
;^/?G\JM:I

/QP.:;I%\^IZ7#=M]N9EW $@\'H1@G]?RJ$:03JL5\TZ;HP02L6
MUY
@C#
#@J
YQCJ
Y[58TFR;3M.AM&F\X0KL5MNWY1TX^G^1TH S=(U416EK


7YU.Y?7Y22.HX.





M):&;?&1F(;25+$GO@]


M((G '8CB@O?ZDTU]IHM6G6$WGDO(

M9DC7RL\
6&




M#USTYJ*[T6XGBN(XKU(UFN4N!N@W;2I4X^\



( ?E.

MFCW)'ANRN;F1F(M$DD=CDGY023ZU7OK^22&QN(UN8%-R@*#:?
4Y_NDY'0\'
MZU=L+$V6DQ6(G:0Q1^6LC*

\!=_!.





M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %)2T4 9$NN0221BQFMYE6Y$
YW\H#GD ?0]?0]


I5QR/0D=: .E1E= Z
&5AD$'((ILTT5O

MIA95=2.01NX/T/'- %CSD:2
)-'AL_+G);'ISVJ!-5TYYS FH6K3#(
8F4L

]L&LJ*\2YT^XO+,;HXIEGG4QKM4G*[L'K@9.,C).*HVEM-]C2.?3YF+6
M36UL@$6U@0&P3O.[[O#$+],F@#IX[VUE:18[F%S$ T@60'8


(U#B
84''./:@!\TT4$32S2)'&HRSNP 'U)K/U36K:RL(

M;VPG@A
HB=]X# 8!0C//O0 FE:FE[;Q:2!;MT+MC\@9(SCKCWJW!=VURSB



MDD$GTH Z*F2F01
855Y

MI&S*C2%02$7&6]AD@?F: 


MI84 2QZC8RK&T=Y;NLI(C*RJ0Y'4#GG%(+^VGM9I+6]MF$8(
F\.B'_:P1^6

U&XMM4\RP:5KNTB2-&
M




M]JQM+TRY1-+@N+;R1IZ

MY^?*VR*?






%9BN#PW/W3T]10






MR


-QTZU+#8-)KTDUT;^.X28/$R1(4:/LOF;20.N5+







4 SC




S'@ =ZJZG!
-%N+?30(I14A?*

MR


M#&6RHRXR1C'_ .NG7T;W.OI$D]];?Z.4

8'R
P_O ]#Z=L4 =4?WHP41X70

=
9I88HX(EBAC2.-1A410 ![ 5S
L
@E9-
MKBWD?372+]TZ(KYR!

A6PN&A-\#*5

YXYH ZNJ6KWQTS2[B



M7;/L1K@8'.T?
OY^QP ;NERQ7 N)TM%MI#

M





M&#=


M=C1/\V2N



]!0!T%%(.!BL
M![ACK4EH\KR_:-P7R;AE:,!3U3^$9!PZ]3B@#H*JWU]%81QO,)))5B&Q<X+
M' SZ#WKE8=2NO(L'M9YY[MM
D#)N=U

M62YM]PDN-_EL) 2?FSM.

*J47

MW$C;5\N%Y

=O;VNZ




MLQ  &23VKEK&:]FNYYO[27[7&TH-BR-N(&[9P7P!T(8*
^M
NS:W?AB_

M7
, G ..#VR*NAVN
M4U1;2\FFDT^Z$D<:73$LNU2R'YLD$AP,]#^5 '5452TS][UWF3%RWF*KLQV

'K0!I;CY@78V
9

9!'S=


_G;A'
-NQ1G(5CR-HQ^!Q4MV[;
M;%(]4-M:W
)D-S++(ZM)\N!N#KCN0


M=7'6.I17




MUA^U6[3%RK/@JP!&


M
7*'RV(0\94_


'&0


*H
M;+'CH







X7)ZMM!P#[@9J&VT.PM)H98$F5X%*QYN)&

M8T8R
613P0K9R!CCCM6E10!FC0K!2A59P4B



M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !165XG:5/#U[)!





&1AD
#D$5S

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@KJ5BNI6$MI)+)%'*-K&



M_P ./0=
5)96OV.
PHX-NN!$FWF

M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11


MMR1

(D\TPL-H/ .67&[/\)Y]J -&BJ1U
M2T6:XA+2;[9!)*/)?A3T(XYZ'IGH?2FIK%D]REN)7$KD* T3J-Q7=M)(P&QS

M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444


M$8H9UDB!D887:005 P3DDY)/IQ6S10!FZ):W5I;31W:PAGGDE'E2%AAV+8Y4
M=




M (H N450^UKO1]Y;;M+QYSFH);RZ&A?:8RIF[D\8&['3!H UJ*PX=2O6O3
M'((UC:Y:



6

MX


M8'UJ.]N23]FMY52=NKG!$0]3GC/H/Z4 7:*I6VI6\TWV9I46Y4X*;OO8[CUX


]N* -BBH5G8QR.T

/





MSM

M./J* -&BHKAW2(^4NZ1N$';/O[5G:?=7
MRMN9XI?)7$Y

M *P!K4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!E1QW \3
M3SFUD%NULD0FW)@LK
QXSG^(#IV-5K33KE?[/LW@


M;Q6DF$0


<].G.?6M&XBN59H7#A'*$CL1U

MF^)%8D


ML(_M(%DG 8$B1'[\=6&&Y'8Y'IC%.U



M/NM*Q!Z^A!INLPO(+HJA;-J57%LDDX Q6K)(D43R2,%1 68GL!3?M$7F(A8
MAG0N 01P,=?3J.M %*)TUALJV&9I

A_=CRV&



M
N.G*G!_6@#



E
MQ!'-'G9(H9=RD'!]CTH HZ7Y44#VIMY8I%R\H:




RGRCTV

M#!6T&Q(L[9C/*78\#=F-CC&W@# _(5K$16UD#*BP*@R4A8@ ^@QC/Y4T:=
M%B!:8^5]P^:W!QCU]:GC@2-0!N;:2078L1GKR: 


8/.


=NN: 
6XD9K

MI)%6)P^Q2

1R

M0JCY 
8Z@\4M]+NCNE5EN
!T!(&

M


:


@W8'3H<^U5[NUPB PRR^8VR5YA][)Y4==N23SP.<9]-A;

?E2RV4
D8508BOW6B.TK^7\NE $%[
ZZ4TL:/ P P

M4 5-;.Q[&8DXMY7E?:!G:(9
XSQW%6&E?$66N5$K  XC^O\ 2I);*.:-DD9V
M#1&($GD CDY]3Q^5Z?K1$-

.]Q
GF.%\G)VQMP!G


4
M0A5!QM4XR..YJ_Y(^T^?N.=FP#MUSFF6MJ+990)'=I7+LS8SD@#L
= * 
9[
M-)IY;:*.
7$:
TC%1SNS@+CG@'@]1GWK1TMUEBEN@SB&1OW0=CA4  [^^3GW
MJ=K*)BA((*YR1U;.

OJ#3ZC

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH




@([!AQ[
*GMM9N;D




=G:37
M


$9&1R


M

1/
2F_8/X1\NT=3VS0 DVJ1VUU?!
M[-]UI;+



XGW;ER& QQQC!'\^




QG9A



:-%=FY/VFX

MI!&

'



M\NTC@=1V%3W.F1W019IYF12K

M;





HB+9)(+/L/.
[ 



M].

]]+=LEUY*

MI6!BF:%)!$\ZJ-B

RA-K;6X

T-O#-?(T45DUF=D!5B


X/;-26^GW]MIQ

C0990/[WS?











WG +$5*'
M7&=QSPH]._X %R21(HWDD8*B LS'H .IK

M3ZC@X([UHW5O'=VLMM








MNF

'&#GN1CG.*HS

41_P!%/&PYS]_N2?T].9Y=*O))+M_MT:&X\LX6$C&WL?GR

]PUNR'8&1E!R/O8/W3T./TS+'JUL8=\4=P[R3-$D
M1&'=QDD 


M5VQNX[ZT2XB#*K$@JV


F[!5

M),ZO(HPS(NT'\,G'YU#J5D;^V6)9/+9)4E5MNX95@PR,CTH R].U)K:ZO8[
MHW,JM?B)9'*D1;D3:O7IDXX!Z\]

MX4GIDYXS3YKVT@2-YKJ&-93B

MY;F&-RP4*T@!)/08]3BD6^M'BEE6Z@:.$D2N) 0A'4$]OQKG[O3;@?VLMOI+
M'[1%$B



-@9.#WX!/X5%)JUA'-;1-=P[KKF+$@PX[8YY
MST'K60=


4M

1S0!+I&J]AW+P1W9DD7R4?)(1RN1GDCCK
MBI9-1@DM[HV-Q;7$\DE!*#M(SPV


VGS1(EEY#NSQD*P(]&)(^7MZCWQNT 0/



M0ACPHD8D1_




M
MS-'#&.KR


YR!]
]3R
 T ;EU



M!!(.-NX?0]
T =!#-%/$LL
B21L
JZ

M(J(J( %48 '850UVWFN=-*6\?F2++%($! +!9%8@9XS@&@RM[:-.LW4)F=





SW4
0V[_ )Y ORY SSVR1S[UA:=:

MIEL;L2KJ
#Q$6LA*H @8K@=


MG/'XUTL


M*** BBB@ HHHH **** HO(A^T&X\J/SBNTR;1NQZ9ZXJ6B@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *


3

MK%YG R3E




M! I'&


(B





MXQQ\W P2
=.:9#H.G0)MBCE4;%C'^D2$JJDE0#NXQDXQTR: &P:];W#H(X9R





ML/3\ &)S\S-DS/D[L;@3GD' RO0^E3_V?;AY742(91APDSJ.F
@ X!]QS0!!










MFZM5

KGK@]LTQ+)4EB




M4CV=J[0L]MS0?ZHF,$Q_P[Z=!T]* 
;2[B:RTF\MEMVCELV/E13%2?+;E/


M;QW

$9Z5'9Z):0(/.M;)W#!QY5L(T5AT(7)P??/84 9XU
MZ_7[5.UCOM+?SE++M4[H\_[9/..FWC/4BGQ:MJI$RVL,?G3(B2.1@JRDYJ


MX#?WNG7WH R[/4KR[O\ 3@TL21NEP)5$9PS1R!
CYN

M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!_


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH KVU[;7;3+;S+(87V2;3]UO2FVFH6M
MZ6%O)OP
Y*D!AZJ2/F'N


M';KN3:A9V\#27
T

UM

ML[S[2#OC
3')16ZLG9O_ *W:EFNA%.(CL&5W;G?:.N


M7=M!QA$+DGV !)_L?3D$-]:%BKRO 5P'7*K@') 4'J /QJ]JOV(I+VZ-L0

MQ )VJ%4LS'T &23]*6UNH;R 36[[T)(Z$$$'!!!Y!![&L[Q$8Q;VWF
8?WXQ


VUM
MJ DC@C'7G.
GUJYIX=);A)+J241\?9WVDH







S*_0




*






RY*G&
CTZTHBC
M&[*-_WN.M/HH :J*@4*H 4;1[G444 )UI:** D[YI:* BBB@&6TMYD5
M)((W56#JHX8'.?KFI-B[R^T;R

MK(5!= 0K=P#C/\A0\:2 !U# '(!&:?10 PQH7+E06*[2?;TIW2EHH **** 
MFLJNI5@&4]01P:=10!%]FA^TX\I/.E1)M^8 XXS^ I3#$5VF--N[?C;QNS
MG/USS4E% $;PQR(Z/&K(_P!Y2,AOK2K&BA0J* @PH Z#T%/HH B:W@:(Q-C

*
M!N.

$$(HQR
#H:%BC5

\M-FP* N
M87CCTXI!#$(O+$:/^[MXJ2B@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH *8ZY4D %@!FGT4 9$NF3-IME;*5W1-TC&1L#8RL


Y)'0##



M/#+
?-1-[HB
[*OJ0H.!0!=HJBNKV


L:RF
[5W8;CY5
M &6_4]:3^VM/Q#_I(#3
RHA4ARPZC;C((]
4 7Z*HC5[%HHI%E8K+NVXC8D;


M&N'F65-Z

MG+$')9@$)7GI\V

\2JF?\ 1C Z2J
X!)8\@X/\
6P#E4EB&$F7 PP&
0/<- K,74X/R'&<9P&Q@GCUXI]Q(T-M+*D;2LB%@
MB]6('0?6@6BLG2=1EO8%N&N+2: J6=H@4





M#LSS@=N
]ZK3Z%=W


*4EDVD?
3G !SQSC]16Y
M(7$;&)59P#M5FV@GMDX./R-.H PK#1)[6XEB)C^R-9):JXD/F?*#SC;@9W'O



PD0QR%B
*JX(*C^[GKWK


MR?97E@M_LTL;2

GU







&

LMLG$A1
M@PW?*



M Q9 5SELD#D@@=/X1UK3HH J:E:F[M#$(TDYSAG9.1TPR\@YQS65%INK1W$
MLC6\Y2UEA+23-NRS!@
[.0-JC/4\G':N@HH YO\ L?56TVVLY)+?9!!$@59F
M WH1R?EY! '7IZ'K4MWIVJ3?V@$2S/VB2)D)F88V8SD;3UV_K6_10 U=Q4;@


_C5[7+1)

7*

IU




# (RG3IS[U'
K=PGG:S%=P:?*C+<(S2F&3?(A3'4XKR 5['D@5T
M]% '(VUHEF\(6PN(I%U.1F
4#[2A9MI.T8( *X)Z9XZ'$T5K*9X]]O*NIQW3

6\FDLEG=I(+JX25WMI-PC8N5W
M1G&60\]\GL:UM7B1]3@-[:275B8F4!(C($DR#DJ
]NC8XYZ9K:HH Y2&T:G
MHAOK*66:*W=7E:W:38Q9?+W. 1D8;G/')XS6GK%M%)J6FW$MG]H$4C981;RO
MRDCMQR!^.*V** .3T^**(Z=(UG=H[+.DS_9Y0X4Y(!.,@9Z?I31#,='L)4MY
MGFMXV3R+BU=MQ)]?O(W'W^G)S7744 4=5N9(+$B-91--^[4QQ-+Y9/\ $0HZ
M#K^%9=NESI6O()AYT-U L9-K:2*D90X4GEAR1G/&!714E ''VUO9G4/.N[5

+VMQ'D[;[9; RMA6 +*ZDN
M 3Z'KD5T]MI=I:

8[5!J-J0VK 6]_/+]CA$#O%(Y

M^\CE:ZO$L;:\C@ECMW?9;LI?#'S/OK@MM*Y!Y.

P




M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@#'\1Q1O#8R
BETOK?:Q'*YD7.#VJ*]\O^TM5^VX\C[ FW?\ =VYD
MWX_\=S^%:UU96MZBI=VT-PJG($L88 _C2RVMO.T;3012&(YC+H#L/J
]* 
^
M6TNKSP[!#+(J70CB=R_W2Z[6(/L2


MYPNW/MUIMO;Q6T9CA7:I=G(SGEF+']2: 

M
;B6)SCIUH FHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
U65T6Q2*WC2.5!;J5B99Y RK
M_=W!LD=.<<4YM(L6E

NRU'44MQ)
\$X?4&

FL73K#=JD)LY;DVWE[2)%.\H&W9QU'3' /6KCZ+82
F$QT]_:MZLV'0=/A,!C28?9Y#+'FYD.UCU
M/+<YYX/J?4UI4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%)2T %%%% !112$X&3TH 6BBDH 6BDH)P,GI0 M%%% !1110
M44E% T444 %%%)0 M%%% !1110 4444 %%)2T %%%)0 M%%% !1110 4444
M %%%(3CK0 M%%% !1249&

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 




?


M\E$C(PQ'! ]!_C0!F6DDBP1GSGC-Y(VPK&
D$@C)..!FI[QO*NE9R&VP\Y
M3=D[@.F1ZU*;:9KZ#*1+:VX+1E6.2Q!7&



Q7*%3GYL'!R0?PH CT
MR5FN'B7=^[4%B[$C:2VT*
]L4M_(WVVUVW
_O2!E3E?D8G/S#(XZ?3TJ2SM
M;F.19'\J(CN$^;S% XR=HYSS^)JP87ENDFDP$BSL7J23QN/X9'X_D 4M+F)
MPKW-OEWE^15PSD




:D)UHI]??'X5?N8_-A*!%?)'#' !
M'(/X$53M],EMYE873.H+-\P!8,W7GT^O3UH FMKES:H\B/(S%@2B^A(I[79

M7SI(6NR2A6



D9&


QDTN



VTS7T&4B6UMP6

M@XYZ ''()K8K-N=.2[W1M;Q11L?F; +L.X]L^M %BW6=FBEDG.TQ\QX'WCCG

/9&I$TI4Y0DCHIR


'9#\Q'/0\_+0!)=3;M


<'C\16PT FV--G


\]O;PQJJ@%'9V/W=I!QCOG'M0!

MS@N1T'? !R!6\C*Z*ZG*L


MXP7W.^X](U')'XD?G6;;6*6ZV6Y ?

E1RKG\%!K0GBC_M.V8J75QS


_P V


.*N5EP*(]96/




J

M^!G%4;]QAI'15A:ZC

EDC\IUV8RS8QD]N#]/S

G\JPG@\RW6
QS'
$D2

X$$B7.V;S7(3.P#H


MU)%=O+97$HD60C*(@C*
/8LT<<RN=HW800JFWGH=P

=?7\JLVT

6XE_LZ.8JOG-&1@A0<<DYZ 4T7DCQJ\/V=E9007D*'/^[M.*I:TJ/X5NC!






D]M#)#!*DSLC!X#
MTV






A78
M1D$=



M&W.R0C'(SR

3
$6*-BH


M7=0LQ/FZ?/



E &BSJA4


MO+ #OU]P


MW@ $J122

GV-  UC*NGM;0W)5F+DR
@;.YB3QQSR:FGM_

M(_PILMP\-HMS(FU53=*G4J





R
M-+&KE#E=PS@^M9[:J%N)MA$R [%CC(R,Y)^K$+CUJS;7$JFVN58SO$69^
MI(QGH?5J ![%9I'DF.&8$+LXVYQD^YX'/H

M'

M9!R%4_+QGK^'O5JUNI;B-YE5)(@2JB









(D!;=OD9QQTSVI


WL]4 =/.@@DEB8$'!YVX[XR.?<4 :%W:M<0B)9

.15(SW!EA6.XA99&92WE'@KG/\7J
4 7





M:2V[
8]P.'#*
9]1R* +4UJLTJRF20
GW

-Z



?Y.
M?W@7?C';.* (+FS22:.;:GR$F0&




1Y &7:P!.%)!Z
M' '!J]41GB%P+<N!*4+A3W .1^8_
4 4$MMFHW)C4JBPQ\D

MHT2*5=*=2&C9YYV4LI!PTK$'!YZ$'FM2HXYHY))41LM$0K\=0#C\B* ,:WL
M0+.6TC
4YD=1*01L42
5/O]/?TJ]9



_
P%0_VA9Y ^U19)  WC/)P/UH R






MB*5)=VQL[6*L




/G.#)&+@@0



09PIE^

X$:*3S[J:K
M7U@5TK63 LFYX9D$8&=Y*\'USG/US6U]IC+*!O.XX&$;_#BE-Q$%8[\A&VMM

[!DR

S$?S%:4-Q%
M
S+&Q)3&[Y2




#].]1LDR3Q3LCR01
=Y1

M8MW Q4!\[F*#@XR

MX^;!S@Y% &'J MHOMD\H&+0*6547YM@W\ MDYW8/TJWJJ[(;5CM)CW
WRD+M
M6-CR ?7%6+O2H[J&\B::95NP0X4]
J%_D*FNK&*[7;*7QM*?*V.#U'XXQ0!A



HP2Q4$'&

%BQ

X.<]?7K0!7
MNQ%::3)+]C25@AE



^QU*D[LM@^YS

$
M;1$23/QQ*#TQU]JWWMXGE\[8HF[1)@%E'MFF&US(9//E#E=N1MZ?E0!@^)[


;









M
5#8 *]#0!4T]W::%C+(VYYU(





9L#.
UKW5FMU)&SR2 )GY5( .01

]J2 &6+:58 G PP..IZ8ZT 7J6DI: BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** J][

M(/X5+JU[)%;7


MU..O([4R&:XGGNEWRA8IBB^6$Z;5/?ZU+!!/:3LL91K-LL%.=\9/.!ZC^54S
M8W7]HV]QY

9 [XLS(5'0Y(D4 7X 8?








^H]1[?XT 1WUX\

M-)(I
6#7$D



#DY XH H7


HV/;2./WFT$@K@CUZFBVM)K



M9&A4$IL*@' .


%
MRP'\0$;MC\P*S]1OKB/2;]DE8-Y4S*V?F7$8(P1[FM74;3[9&D6#U.6SPH(*


M*-XF1BS,064CISWSDY]SFI;%8HM&M6G50([=,[AG'RB@:*^@D
H+[/*8JV
.!5F2=8Y(D()\S..@
MP,\UGH6CU&U13*J,'R[X.!QP:BU*U
^J0-%#!D!@?




\@'[YI&9Y0QVJ=L:L^.W?CW_@#=61'7<CJRY
MQD'(JK'J

MO$5TV5&
15YGW*N8_P#EJ1V!)'XT =!_:$ TY[YBRP(C.25.=H[X[]*?+=11
M0S2%L^2A=U'7&
]*R;[S&\+ZHKRF5A!*!WP-AP
[5S^53:@ZS:;/)'$5EN(3
M!$S*=SYZ?+UQSGUZT :33HL2R$.5;& J%C^0S40U!F90)B5ZCR'X_2IH'CD
MA1HF#(1P151+HW-X]G(JRJ5(20?(_RC@]Q]1^M %N2\CCM1.RN
C(1AM8GT

(HW
M!@E)9ARI!. /;D_Y- &Q=7VUNTQ5G P J=6). !]2:8]_;JX0.9'./EC4N1
MGUQG%5;N)S%9$-L.F 
\MTY]AZ?X4I6[_M%PLL(?R!@F
D=3VW4 :5%0R)
MQ!2;8


MI;L\1.+9]X3IDLG^% %IKR);KR&W84[@





MFTJ!Y%C666)6?*#&2


DD6)=SG SCZGTHDE2( R.J D ;CC)/056N
C4+1F_U


M5$FH6SSM#YBJXD\L D?



M




CC&






MLF.H4^GKVH U8+*&W614
K3[WF2L_Y9)Q^%*EGEJ+95/E#G!8DDYSG/7K4



M8+DH9XED\LDJ&&0#C'2HY=/M9K9;9XOW*GA5)'?...WMTI^]Y(5\RWD5F^\J







M82

MYZG\LTL\4K0K%!
T/8R##
!CMD$9SCKF@8# P.E+5#2VGGL+M_
82.BR@;


\H[O];G;UZ=LT ;]%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !5/5;62^TZXM(W1//C:
M

MDV[31(+I@S  L$X4MZ^M1VNHQ7%M#+RK2A?EP3@E=V
X^O-1G42+.RG
(_TG

9Y+!MW]!3Q/*9 OV28 G!8LF /
M7[V:4W 6=XFCD^50P8*2#G/IWX_E0!7GL2;F)H$C1/
624Y.?E!Q@=/Y5
MK

9/X$_G26M['/%$6*I+(F_RMP)


Y(_0U5G
ML)+B7S(PELVW:' #D#.3P1@?7-6UNX78JK

M9&^8_*1@#&




M@O-32TM)K@^5((HVD*I)DD*
G''M0 ^TAN(+9MXB
\CL[!2=H)/KU.!45W93


LG(^


M:XDG$8
++?9+1G\QG0F0_+GT^7WJY<7!

M=Z[N25[?\!-4H-'E6-(7G*H((HV

VIB&XF4PLT42;C(&4


D*[







51.E3
M-F1(;2&38-JX+@

M;J6YQCZ;3^- %P9P
]:6BB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH

MC+(I

:1K-( SX #

EO-O

;M1(/E!;$P

 =NG:G;880%PB!FX' R2

J%
:[5((&.!CI0!0NH?(_L^&(N=L
MC!2[EF_U3]SR:S-9ANX]
N6D9A%_9TZR!IBV9


D8B/!4@;:






;DW

MR$$D33HI(4





WVAB#

MU-




M2E8T5#B

UMI2C[BH(159E&0/13^%/_LY&
MEEF9MDLF?FC&

GT_G^(&^?\!K=@<CG&R0]^G(%:7V&1I879K<-]_





MS





MF@#
M%



JKQR%R2

M27;2





/W.T*TK!57*@Y

M ;3G/ 'XYJPD)CC*B5RQ_B./Y=/R% %:/S;BWNHQ
VX2E W0@#&1D#Z\U66Z


M[9%LAV7/VECO**PY0_[0. I'X_6M^L3=I*!)L,D?E9QGGK^?\ 2FM82?:O

VD7*9P@C9




]^ZE/+0%=X#$Y^

\\T
M:$5VK^8O[R,9*+Z=N2!Z5#=:@T:(88PQ,J*V64\,P'8^](MWYL=R2HJN&1


P1+C1
C&1]W*$8QQCG/

?\
3]VBX_53_ )YJ6R$J7%PLL;Q279
5*  JI^8GODG\*MQ/)N?SFBP %0G('N:Q[6&.XO)HU<W(^TAI)'P<


MMGAC3S6@0G/R[CM'4XH OU4U&Z-I:O(H._&5_=LP_'%2VLQN+=)3$\1;JCC!
M4]









MP#_(U5COKAX;9Q&K93S9M@R%0C@#GD\_H?45%:*EPFJ3!_


M(73
N 3SM!P .AR??@&I[X)!: (B*K

*K:9J+7<1
D;[O/EC!6
A0%=E&3] /QHO&
M$]HLL)=;F6+$(5R.2.I [#O]*I_Z#I[74$MRT80^8L?V@JS%OF)'/.6S0!NT
M4E+0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4R1HTC+

MY9*..'9-S


MP#_6HWO+:-]CR 
6Q@@\G_(JE8Q[9W(AN6VSL 3
2$!'

M%+%
ADB8

D$CL1U!^E--QLS[P8W*@



MC9.1Y?'WB03_ !-9K3#^S+Q=RQJDFPL!O#@A20-H7^]MIT%NV^*YE665F8
MA=R

T :Q4$@D D=#Z5&L\4DTD 8&2









MI2T44 )CC%)M7;MVC;TQCBG44 )0 !T&*6B@! 1@@$4M%% 8&
#T
MI:* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ ID




B?W
 #\^
MOZU:HH K6]E%;
?)+K&5V^46R@^@/3Z#BF/I\1-L(V:**!MPC3&UN#C/'OFK
ME% %;[#;6:01E6F&)-K$!O? /7WJ.?38I41R2P+D';$0!D'(X(('(J[10!



ML_R[?.D ]L#^E3T4 0/;AI_.#NK%-G&
8SFHH=.A@2UCC9Q':\1(3D ;2H]^


_*HYZ=:T*
M* *C:=;$KB/ 

M



M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4450U6.Y
#
WUK0F\06<%LTLZOZS& Q2
BMO W8R6V]
'KWH UJ*K:??0:E9QW5
MLVZ-\X]B#@CCWKF[C5;FVGOU356ENX+D)!9
D9
RE5.
!0W5B
YXQSWH ZVB

@MTF-S;74+PA6:(QAF*L< C:2
9]^*@U;698]'U.2VM
MYXKFU4CY@F5R
A^N


M7BD=0 V.HZY!'N



M23\_OVS0!N457BN?-N'B$
@HK%R5V\]N#G-5Y)WFU5[9^RVB69U0@&0L6V

M.SF$*RHL;E3D#[I89.3]





\.XJ&4KL)W=!D=


US;70CCN


$8(!'U_#H:KS:]9QVRS()Y 9
MQ 56!]R



M



V+8

Y*\9; !( R
D]


)0=N[/RE2/R8_\ UZN$@ DD
M #J35)-7LY5D
;R





M'#'U[?BD.MZ?/CR)FE#(TBE(G8






M9:]02J$CV



<_A5UM
M6L4E9'GV;0Q+

@#-M?#K!+*^N
MUN(=/P8(TA\L%@
!FRQR1[8I^G^'8=/O;BXC^SN9)&EC:2W4R1LW4;\Y*\].
M#[UJ75W#9HK3L1N.U552S

M00N=@R/F.1[T 1_\(O
YQQH?
MY]LA7_KGE2
_W^GZUU6I7R:;8RW4B.ZQC[J*
M6)/X?SJ.75K*$IYLCIN4










MW


&X.S.3C'3CWJ;^S]2;4X;N62%_)ED*
MCS6 V



T/^M42 E/KZ?C3#J=





=7D8*!^)H R9=*O':[M@\!L[F83;V)\Q.02H&


MC8





SL/E7;P?DX/R#\SZ

Q+12
*1L N@8X
UN;,QF6W8GRY6*JZL,$9 .#Z'!JG%I=Y#
M?VLX%NRK-+--\[#!?CC:<X'KC)]*U);ZTAQYUU!'G&-\@'7I^=+)=VT4\<$
VB3M UULRKO

M^91W'M[T 
U6UDO-


M?

8ZXYK3;4+)((YWN[=89.$D
BA6^ASS52/5=NKW=K=O;PPQK86+X+E]W!
MSW^7@@#2C01QJ@R0H &:=110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 5A:Z FLZ+
MOY\JRR *NT


MT
ES8W$$4GE221LBO_=)& :BT[R3'))'8M9N\A
B/&JLS=V.W(.?7)HO-0CL
MA&9XY0))EA4JN[)8@ \=!D]\?RH QIM





M?1:C9K=0K(J

MVN!8





M- '-7UEJ$D=S#%8!WENX[I)FD4 @
IVMSD$ 8X!&!^%.M=(:*XE-Y83W3I++
M-'(+G




:PPI$F=J*%
M&:YN]L+AFU81:2SXFB9#$/
VD$GEO8GGUKI@P894@\XXI: .?DCOQ?74L.


M? Y 8Y QCC-:;6\_VK1Y5T]]T*




$5HUL9[I9XO


M20Z%)#=&*[AN+V%DAV2I=
BJR*H^==PSRN[(!ZULQ#3CJTPCB@_M!45I7$8#
M[3P
MCGIZ^E7J 

MXMG23#+N#*0
,#<-V0/F! ^8=OX3[9ZBD9@HRQ
M 'J: &QL7C5F1HV8 E&QE?8X)'Y4^BB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ K'UTQ)=:?)<S&W5W$DN_8%RA RW\//?(K8J.::
M.)I97(O4F@#E;:=Y-3T^RN=0N/*E6XVQF8QNZ!AY3$@ALD9YSSM^M3:=-<
M2WTLT^J;)8GE$MF$;?M!.W@N0!C!#!1GWKH+F]MK00FXE$?G2+%&#EF8X Q



M09:



D.I8*B1W81L


MG*NIR


M7
;H)LJ06=E^7.
Y*8.
_
/44U-0B$=X1=S-;S6$C W%P78N#C)'1#SC:
=A

QX H Q+&^M)-:L4CN869[#Y



. =W^S@G&
\$YS72PZE9W$L

M/3![^]=;3)'$4;2
&(4$D*I8_@!R?H* .=TB2YN-4
DVIA9DDD62R*/NVY(7

ML[' ':I58



3PK''%I\T:-(76
^2@!XZ+G''K6_#
MJ-K/=/;12$RJ<% 0#@D$C#8/!QG%6J .,U#4U#:O*NIRAH;6&:
RE-C_-


M6.56GA 






M&3N&
^G%=:  
#H*6@#EED6*YTZVN==::*2*4EDD\L.O53NR6. 2-V[G'7K5



M** &1;?*386*[1@L23CWSS^=/HHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH


0S%XE.2!@'GVI/[
T\
M+
OV&VVS'

:[<1QQ.+:Z-O


Y+-R%..
G!).1QTJ5-
M;U)]-TN;[1\[ZH+69@BD.FXCGC@\=1BNECTK3HHS''86J(6#%5A4 D=#C'44


Q+M9NN2


CZ?:
K/O*F%2WKTZ^]
M3I;PI,TR0QK*PLX4!B!T!- %#7XTBT/4)D 61(3(K'G:R#*XSTP1D5I1DM&
MI88) )%0W5M]JV([D1!@SH/X\'(!/IGJ._TSET5K%#/-
B@/

MJ: 


L'^J4

M;SY9X)-UL47$;8/R@X!R
$'.?PK2&D::K*PTZT!1MZD0KPW'(XZ\#GVIYTZQ


$$R-G/7.5'?
M'M4MKJ

MAO[W3KQUI)+#388I))+2T2

M.H-J45CI\D43M$90SR!=Y!QCE&R!U(&#SUJT]KHU@\$KP6%LX.R%RB(03DX4


2D%5^Z
8Z#L.U '/:N9
M/.U_?=RE/[-!6([=N2LG3C/;/7OSGC%B:[U.6^:PEMXUMHHW*S2[0ZD9)(V
M,2.
@C'O6R^G6





+.W$KKL9




GM89
M'V[-SQ@G;Z9/:@#F[^:^N-*UZ4ZG*HM6=8U@1%4KY:L!D@GOU!%7)I+RQNEC


MK4GV0FXC):

DCL3UX_2@

M01C#GU(QS^- $T?^K3YS)P/G./F]^.*?2 8&!TI: BBB@ HHHH **** BB



M3CI5]M&L7'SQRM\@0YGD.0#D9YY(/0GD43Z)IUP9#-;*XD*EU+':2N

M #..G% &)(]Q:+J/]GR1VY;5HE/[O((81 \ CJ3SZ\]

M]BM_O

#ICH/2F/H&G2





GMXRD)DE;GIPQY






MEVDK1




 D#/ '84 6ZQ)]5NE^TW

@^8W(!8'.!C/3!SC





AE0&YD.&/4\MSGG\SZFI8M(

1AJ-MK&J2V_V5[P6D4AVPD+)@OQC=G=

DYSTP1V]?2F1Z7!8O]HL;97NM@C#SS



M+-Y\44+%2 N\9RW/.
'IC/'2H+^.Z_M+1FF^S&[$\JK*J';M\I^Q.1]
]NM7
-C<R$@G@DG=SQQSG





M
]

PQF-%21@H


ZQ+;K;/J+1


\C

M1A0
 4Z@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ K.U
M'49K2ZL[:U$SW3
H9Y-BJ0I;G@GMZ5HU2O-/6[N[2X-Q-&UJY=53;AB1@YR





%;BX6X$QG^T+L#[R

MORR\N^X[2.JKQ\QZXX&:A:ZEL=0U6ZM[8SQK'%+(&E((7:Q.T8.3@=.![U.
M?#5NTPO=73JL4D)+;
E'ZC.WC\

@88F4?WN



9


@=.O
M:\FDK$T_D7=S#'
.OE
)0Q
M3*DY8$#!]

MG!P

M'VI;G7)[;[;OL1FTB6=_WW6




[U?4+F\@B\

M/;OG VK#3A8S7
@N9YOM
GF
LFS ; &1A1V 'X5%?Z+#?-=
T\\1NH1#)Y;#

M:!H(]KW$MPW]^7&3_P!\@#]* 

M@#Y

MN89))(+EBK C:#E=O5=W'KGMBI#KD]K#=1M8Q+):6IN!%]KW-L4X(8A3AL?4



MHW4' &3[]?7- %76[Y[C3]5M'B\L1V N8Y$E.3D-C. 
8*^IR/RJ7^T;N.^G

.V=PZ$8_A]?SZ4^7P[#

MTYYJ=M'1G







M##N,^O84 +97\DUW+9W4PW
:+)A)-ZLK$@$' [@]JC;5)?[5GLUM0$MT66













MY?

MK$]Y;K;&SD@3S)EB;S8B_P!XX!&&'3_.*B74+JSU&&TU+R&2=6
4\0*#*C)4
VB
AC

MQ27^D:A/]M$#VP^U2P3;W+?*R;
C:!T^3/7V]Z232=0EDO6;[

M[-G!^7C(3WZ_C0!NEP(S(0VT#=@*2?RZY]JIPZQ93-;K&\I-R&
68'&[;G/4


^YW-C\* +IUBR9E=+F
M0D6[3^0L1W


M%+;P^:TB*R-N[C*@\#:
@8I;O2M0N&-RJ6HN9)X)'C\YM@6)MPPVS))^@Q[X
MH TCJ]D+?SC(^WS/*V^2^_?UV[
;LXYZ=.:I-K(&J6[K

^Y64
M9P 3T)XQQ@YIJ6&JQR7A1K=$N+OSL+
P9DV!2

]QQUIEGI.H6+6D

@X/(XK'?0;EFB@WPFV^Q2VTL@8A\R$$

MGRT +




^!6L]+U*T-M<JMJU







M@F@%Q;!6^SKN!

3(;Y
=\'.T


MKI?V4ONBR7'&

=B167%87%TNN6]Q;R6\=ZY\N1F0Y!C9P3U7//M0!
IJ74+R.RMF=I8$E8$1+-)L#M
MV'_ZJJ6<%S/J,5W=6YMS;P-%+JV\L5)88)X^48S@\]!3+^WNAJ;3QVWVJ&6
MV

MT_;


V0!V.



^8XSWZ\











O[5/*8+)






[7$;AMI]#CH:R;6SN
M!!+93V?[P-
T5YE2HWEL
.=P;#8/'XT[0M/-L5DFLIX+A(O)9Y+II58#'W06


MJD7V@%








H92
@CO2TB
MD






R[3)M&XCTS


_UIUU;
UA-)8V5U;9LI



M79H84U?6)AIDLK-;(%(@=/

6:


M\B*\=_M
EN[




M^W-


MC+-RN6P


%B
@
MW%D(R #Q\IY/%93Z5/*UM#J9OEA^SHL)AC65HGW-P3M8JP!7YACIUH [&BFH







M8'% &Q16#=WUQ%JT8BO':$W ADC
2B.
S=Q<_*@W
MY^YT7@%3GC'3'-6M7NI(/LD4;F(7,XB:8 'RQM)R,@C)( &?6@#1HKFQ?ZC]
MM@M/M0V]:V:4Q#=(OE;P?0$'(.!C/Y5NIZI<);6<$R:1[A?/=E0MY<FT#

M*%B;;MY#=.







C!!DQ\O/![YZ&G7.H:BDMS&MU&OE:E
M# #Y(_U;[#CKU^;K[=NP!TE%
M 3BM'0_MAL]]+-)(\CE?-148)N(7@ 8R,'!YY_@#1HKG+C4+Z%M:G-SE=/
M/[N-4 4@QAOFX).


M4D!D^;Y20
#9D

M?R/(KE8[J2XU'1KIKZ


BV$$<;[0BL'R6+9YQQC@C!!YJBUQ=V





M$&5&5#]H^7.6^7URORXY!H Z2BF1L7C5F4J2 2#VI] !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !4-S;6]W%Y5U!%/'G.R1 PS]#4U9.

QA4EE&
 \

MR 2'8G//\(Q4R7^J
=.'^AXO4+;]C#R_DW 8S\W/N/3WH TSI]D45#:6^Q4


'+EA][=CJ.3].F.0#8?3[


?6L/5)+N=-4$\D

M:VJB? E+1J/

'K0
M!;:RM'NENGM86N%&%E
8+CZ'K4D4

R
ML(_W:




M6W&/R5VD^N




MA


P7( ZGGU%4GU/53?O;6MHM
MS]F=$G955 V0&)&9




9SG&
TK:M?)YN?LY

=I:

M$:6=H?(RH41+^[W#D8QQD'\:QB;BWBG33Y(K?=J@4YBR

MBZ @MBT%[%;_ 'VP5?;ANG7YQQVYZ]P#7CL+.*X-Q%:0)
5VF18P&QTQGKC@

ME/E_[O''X4DVFV-QO\^RMY=[!VWQ*VY@

M-0V5J;E;DVT)G4;5E\L;@/0'K47]DZ;C']GVGW]_^I7[W][IU]ZQFOM7NM.L
M[I;BU@\ZX6

%9#DEB-_)^5N
M




^!DX_
T^@ HHHH


M9;B-I0H;/D AC\I]![U!-XB(6XDM[



GE)&T07SWP4/53\W(]CT[5
=*L69BUNK;



'@CT'Y#T%1W.J36VI16TEM&(YI/+C

(Q!SM0D8QCH
M9$F)F=9)
7
@W






HP#^O6IKZ%[:K



M+QF)\2

M+J4
$.Z*&'



HD:V#
LQG4
Q(5SU(!.!Z\=^:IW6OR6^E)J)M$$&S?)





M =MA/][;G;GWQFDO=




M$K2




W6:?N[]+







M:2786R2
(
?
1C)&1U'6JT&NR21QS261A@:Y-LQ:4%T?=M' &
9XSF@#2OK*
M#4+5[:Z5FA?[RJ[+GV)!!Q4$VC6
XQ-$TF8O);=*YWIZ-S\W4\G)K/@\3)*)


M(((/'!'85;JI=ZE:64T4
\N)9MWEQJI9FP



M8
41$9G;;U^4#/&/2@!LFDF6:TFDO[MI+5RZM^[^8D8.1MQT)'&.OKS42:!$

M:7^V;'[.)O

)IUS*LNU2N P&WKC/3


QZ&KD=S'+<2P)OWQ8WYC8#D9&1@_A

VQA%Q


=CW]J?8:M;3VR[I_WB0)+(S(5

L#-)(R0'

SM9K5(YHGDS) S
/+ '*E<AL'(!'/'!H 7_ (1R+9
AOKPK+:BT8$I]P9Z?
M+UY;\_IA\OA^WE25&N;K;/&(YP&47 P?EX..



M


T4@R
MK

MS%QY


MYQVS6I_:]D+D6[2E92/F1@N0-Q7=C;G'.,YH (=-6&\EN([B=%F8/)K#8S
M?WNF1T['!IG]F&-IIHKF8W#Q^6DC%


MM6@MKF2(R



=V
=OZ4^3







MMA]\=* 



M;*D+6\@D_P!9OW=SP?N\ 5H-=VZ7V[7$2SL,K$7 8CV'6@KI-B+.-B;&QM
M)' #BT7AB
\D[1Z]

M]SH



VQTW4(!9-*+4





VT#





_C5V/4K*22&(74(FF0.D3. [ C(^7K0 :I9C4
M=-N;




M^-PP_





EDMN5+L

I;'..GS=?;
MISQ';Z5J%LNY/LK--:QV\RM(V$V @
OR\\

221^8




M@]#W'?(DETG4+A51_LT8^QK#N61FPZD$'&T97@=ZV);ZTA4-+=01J0T@ Y

8QSGC3;5-/5)V-[;D

O:NHHH 97

T^

2Y@GNY=1\FW_?+-:S
1[G




FKU9]
MYJAM;V.T6QNKB22-I%


M4@\MSO4MO&
#'8\Y_3% &1;/J%M?:E(NDW#_ &F=6C)EBX*N3\V1]TG@'B


M+@9QCJ: 

MM(D6/

@VXP 0 W

M##9J(8[F*4&/RP)0  2Q/.1TZ=!U/2M35+_^SK07'DM*/
1 0,;F@_F15R
M@#F+?3KM?#DMLM@T

=9B9-JQ7







NJ7#O8_;;:ZB2/ *?)@MD
&(RIR#QGOQ6O

(]&?!U%;@*K1

M-IS[FU4R09:
EU


!IDG##:<$ @#KW'-7Z &H-J*N
8
M&



MVI\\:HFJPI:S) ;N%TB^SN$D&$W# '()#9P#ZX-=94%W9P7D:I.I(5MRE6*L




#P6[EEX.:EU1
MV75=-VQ3-AWRR1

64M]-;#4([N&

_PG
MN216_52YU/3[.7RKJ^MH)


M=2


MT0O;R)$6'E!H\A6Z#D-D$^_3I)+&S:];W







\
M4KJDA'R\@$!NF.0:T@     !T H Y^Q3R;N[BGM#-:M&SR2-:L&))'R

$2D
MCN

9('MD?G0

WFR!



G'H






;CT89QZ5U%% '*W.G+-J:I
M+_:



:;3FG<2R1W%Q&L@&/-A@#CU..W

M2A?+ Z:C)%)*K_*T;[CMP



U2WWRQ%&?<4*E@OR[ <Y RYR/2M#P_+<7.DV]W

M&


YST XJM
M?_:CK06TAMIF:T8
L\A48W#T4Y^E:EO;06L0BMH8X8QR$C4*!^ IAL;0W8NS




YJOINDBVLT@O#!=M
M'




M?7!J99]3C-M97EW%%)/
P$\;*[;0N0O*!=Q/^ST'2M5+&Q+2RI:V^;@?O'$:

]M&)90=[$



M5Q(Y0J3R=J#JIQ\O\N=J*RM(!((;6&
2DF39&!O^OK48TK3A''&+U1MN1?
M)7GU QP: ,J[OD\EY+TRA+YK5E
G6I3IUBS3,;.W+
M3C$I,2YD_P![CG\: ,9[B]-M<+)?.S2:;]H!5%78^.=O'0^^?:MC2U*:;;J9
MFF(0?.VW/TX ''2ECTVQB=7BLK='5-@98E!^G3I[5/%%'#$L4*+'&@PJJ






M;&*





D @_* .^#FGG0M-

%1T4A2 P]CGJ: 
S^T-2

MX&
]



M(QSFM*QMVMK?RW=F^8D!I&DV^VYN3^- #-4O38VR.J@O)*D*YZ LP7)]AG-9
M5UJ^I6KO;

/
9AD


MFMP;28.DI0(' 1DQ@


$$
NWC)/
M.=WH

EU-%+87



;.WS








FJ2P6-EYL%O
L4I.T9R 202X(P&Z;3G'




3=FU$A:+R297:0[
YVY8GU_EZ4YM&LGBBC99
MV6)PZ$W

M&&TYP
9'.#GVZUJ_\(_IH$@\J7$D(@8?:)
&

V



2

M;*9H%=HY)D20A&7.3]S;MR

@G(Z

M8( ;CMDGI0!4.N
]HS76ERC;/%&0RL$^9@ P

MGY=N

&1LW
M$Y)'&1SVSCVJMXC@N;FTMTM8)966YCD;RV12JJP)(W$#/'%  -5NC'.GV*);



_['7D_F?; !IM*?LQF2-G.S

:=#HL

E2RV2VQNGB@FN?MK_O(MRA5RH4L<D<849ZGT'6@U;3RS37 :)%
MBC;;&ZN27XYR

.
!AT!R.I.
M1WVKU%E8P6RL6\I I9CRQ[D^Y/-5[G2_/U 7@O+F)QT(5-FT*V
]5)SD ]


8Q]W!&..13O[&C66WDCN



FIB-W
I)5G2
# (.






G@\=




C.2I]JL2Z.9H8

@X Z$=*
M


G\/).+E6U\W


CH(Y3&5'FJ.S9!]3R
@G-T!=7,4=S

M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !56]O#:(





6_ !;
MGJ.S']/I3)M#GN;BYFGO4S




M_+)/ZT743S6LL4;JCNI4
R[@
^V1G\Z 



Z@-CNO8G6U+Y MRX;_ ('Q
M^M Z;K27T=D\UO<0RW$32H
94J!Z@D'KTZ^PIT.OPS^28K.\83A_*)0+O92







9W=QR!

MN\A6-(S@JR#@LA/\ $:V:R[K3

JOG .



T 2MKD/D6[Q6US
\\;2B) NY5













\MK]







GK445AJ0TYEK<07<;
MS*H+Q.C*\A8!U)(*XQG!R


M.*\M9GD2&YAD:



M
Q]L@&\MY:O
L27
+2L50.3C

9SFLPL+RW73U72I(5AOY9GM$ J













Y^4C(VYY/XT ;HN8#
T(GC

]
C\#3%OK1K=KA;J P+





0

.?8]ZDFFB
M@B:6:1(XU&6=V  'N37
KI5_%9_)%
MU'+/Y;JT;!ED?.'4X!4\$XP1CBMS4

M$A%[;$1#

=Q$?FGDD&XJ2X8YZ#CO_ #^M9
.E
MWG]A6\(LY86M[QYC;I
(S(A9B K(W& P[CE?QH Z+[=9^7$_VJ#9-_JV\P8?
* +BZVENU^




 @Y8G ^AZUJ)NV+Y@ ? W!3D9]JY^ULKRRO-(3[)))';021R2(










8^8\UGWEN+:[3+1+Y
M\]N(XT&
[6);CZ'/X58NH%?4?/\ G




]








N


SL)&8#H5R/4\8







&(_V4+'\A20-(\$;2H$
MD9064'.TXY%-N7$41=I&0#LH!+'T QR: *

'\:I6EJ9

LET4:

MM#R_.U)Y










'E

9'^IDZ?C5*VGM5L82][;

\'(':@#I:*0$$9'0TM !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444




M4*!@R


YQR*6BB@!**6B@!

$9!I:* $(!()'3I1@9S@4M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1

MW2/3T^I]3F:[L([EH3MC 20R
&0
&^4CG\ZN44 4[.P6UN9Y5V 2J@VHFT#;


MTSCZ@T :E%9D-[=07CVE[Y

-S[CE('



M





M.5(R#G!&1R.#R..* +-%9B7EVR:H (GDM)=L06
_



M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110





MW$@N%NISLLBR;H#&S,RL&4DF('J.Y;Z^MJ7P]8RW-Q.R\WD.OEQ\YQSNV[

MAD#RQQ-C( ( *8QA5[9XZULT4 93:'&TQD:\N2K.[E/W87YEV8^[G ' YJ:7
M3!+' K75QOMR&CE&T

[AA6TC!!E$R;)RH! 4




MD)#%F(.




M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
3!1110 4444 %%%% !1110!__V0$!
end








begin 644 exhibit10-22x18x1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!# ! +# X
A .#0X2$1 3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ IA
MD02

MR&WMV-I/UC^4?
AZ#&1DGC(ZF@#HZ*YH:]J-W'!_9UB)9C:Q7$B_+@[\_+DN


H; )=<8'?#9]J

M








M:

K(PR&4Y!%8^

C2.*6




.JZS'97%Q+81*H5&B:0A0<G!!NY/!'
M/&?04:E?ZE'!=QK- DL5Q JNL1QL=E&-W49Z]QV% '0TR26.(*99%0
P4%C



MB0M@@@ \YZ')H Z:BL.VU34;O4B(++=8I.\#N=H(VD@MG?D\CIMZ=ZW* BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****

Q*RSNN%/48! _
]MM+GOWTY/+CB$RC[1R5[@_+PV/3(]Z6\UN6TDU!39&





2D7W268JJ@Q

D9R[-@8&2234UM




C!'3I3)M
M+B\6[FC9


M'?M=NFO7C00^?9EA!
)F#Q#REX'R]



;5#
6('U))K*?7


I&=V

MWA4:0QQR,5W#(QM4@G!SR1^- %R/1[&.*!(Y!%$ JKYSD;1G //(Y/!R*L

4
K1$M+ER1CL!C'/K2ZGJ#V+



MZR2


M=0.] %K^P]/^R-:^7+Y!Q\GGR?*/0?-P.G XXI7T:QD

[G.W&T

MD_2@#0




C$%L

M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% &9
M=:)!=7

$C(Z#C./QYJ2+2HX9)/+GF%O*69[;*F
ENIZ





QO+H


M
.YY494$2
CLY;.

M[IQE2".!V[5&=843O;.Z63RWDC#JJ^:%(!QD\=1]['6G:?=2:IHL5RR26
MKSPAA@J2N1U'4?3/XB@\J[5Y)P.I.2:RSH
/FF1+JY1O



M\&/E6SAAENG'?'\Z &1^'+=5MXWNKF6*W:V$;[,-&W4'@]AT(Z#WS8M=)C
MM[M+EKFYFECC



MGUSKT4 -D(%WDG&-W&?KZ5DP^'HXA;#[==NMM,\JAO+PQ?.X'Y.AW-_WT?;
M&Q10!G6NCP6Q06:2.)2L


M9PRXQC*=.%Z_W1[YLPVOFZJU]) \3I'Y(+L
N

MXI4#QR*593T(/45GPZ+!''LDFGN (FAC



M7:* 
?4=+D(O)X);F5[G8'B5HQA5/\.1C.
C#'!SS4%MHCS62V[2W5I!'(LL



M\'VF9)GQY?#+C;CY.GRK_P!\CWS9M]*CMI9#'//Y
A+- 2-A8\D]
C)[9QST


M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110!G7&E^?J45X7C4QMD$18DQQ\N\'[O7((/7M5;^QKA%LPMZFRTN'G 
!)


M#M8-T.-V-P]3GZ5++H1F
@DNVVRVBVTFU


M..I[#J3T^M7Z* 

MLUG5WBB$:2-'P

M].


M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB



M+G:%=@#G.




MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@G#_ 



]
#/J




M(QPQ!_

)7:!GOFIK )


M_?![4 


'('3'-1V



NLK;&(R&)Q&Q)P KD;3G


X_(T 3T5F2:]812B)FN=Q=HU

'KGIWH T:*IS:E;0
M7)MW$YE[R$MY&&,9ZA2/_K\5#:Z[IUW)D



MEIK]A(7[;RSM?%E



 IEVM^G]G&ZN[62(W

M83)GF3&



]:;:Z=

9S^%)




MJ#3S+IVM6YFM)K:.\B\J5I3'AYP2X8;6/)R_7VKH+BPL[I2MS:03*6WD21A@



M$2A&/')&

X2&(H)(7
MC'ES,,Y.YAR!M/']XULVMA9V6[[':06^_&[RHPF['3./K2P65I;M*T%K#$TI
MS(4CE_KCKU/YT <]?7YN]
T:^N!B.Y7[8HZ1L 1\WL'_H:T]3O+B/4-,CM
MI+4Q7,I7YXR[#EMRD

M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BJ





C %2.A%.H **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH

M='10!SL-DT)MK=);B*9_



EJ\37L

?E.2I\[.
M

(S;N2UT
LX&'((?IT.



M?8[A)%=R51XQ*F=V#NV]^1GI4^KZA/97ML@O;&TMYD;+W

M6%U.WM(9+RYB8R(7$D2-L*]=W?:,8Y)QSUH M6HE6TA$ZHLH10XC^Z&QSCV
MJ:J+ZO9(VUI'!$B1']T^-S_=YQT/KTJ77+6$P?
]PL\SQ*T$+/MV@DC R3T


M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#.O;*\FOX+FVNH(AC*$DMR^2V


_2X%
0,;AR,' '7(
MXZ5HT4 <\;2#4H+*RDEC46LBO
]N75BS@DEA@!CR?3VZ58FT67RIHK6[2*.
<(S%R).OWMWW<\XQGWJ#3M

M:2\M[U+V6


V@W+&00WMO%&TL
B)]E.%\O&!PX&/E'I39/#;3/YLTUI/*)
M9'436F^/#D$@J6Z@@8((KH** 
*30KEF817EO'%YT

+PX&/E':M
M+3[
V

\J_+C;N8L1[\FK=% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
5%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!__9
end








begin 644 exhibit10-22x19x1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!# ! +# X
A .#0X2$1 3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ IB2([.J.K
APP!SM.

M6UT^.0B9Y)&0N?

 3Z=_P!* .AIBSQ-LVRH?
!*88?-]/6JMQ:PQ6UN
MBL(XH)5?YV+=.W/-8\-T@MU
DT44B)M@=9

%4LQ



L?^D.KN23\JX 'I^'K4M !14-R&



7$)C
@E38&VEMPQG
M.
?GQ5*PAN++P_:6VPYCMTCQUL% .?85E[F_LZVB3Y%$=K)GYSDLXSW]L_


M



!C 7 ^I]S^678S


2-KR\
MN(2?*)6)
-D':


MC1Q[I


ZVQE96D!E1R1\C*RX(^4^OZ<T
M ::R(SNBNI9#A@#RO?FB66.%\KJB#JS' %9]H5DNWB5F  $K
K_ 'CG'/RC

D1-YPNY@
GT%/!!) (R.M8
MNEF1$ $

WKD#<,GH,]:1I$1@K.JL02 3U ZU0N%7[;I^+?RSYS<D+_SS
M?T-5M:C8ZA;,A<,89LX+?[/8$4 ; EC90PD4J1NR#QCUI7D1H=U4L=JY.
G

0:28I(BY@5#R#Z]1]/3!/K

 !FE2


ZH
M

H7 7*DHNT-D=2/UXJ
MWJ:;?[/1F\S$Q&Z2/S


EF. *YF*%

')]\]!DGGM0!M4$




MA;[*5N






I



M:B.LB[D8
OJ#D4




PRVB_

FLYG






]!D C'< ^U6;^UEO--D1D07#1%0 V5!/OBK]
M% %YL7O'261_+EA;=!MY-TR?7C(^A/UJ91=-;KO$ GY!9<E5]P.OX?K5FB
M@#)_LRXMH4AM)(GA1PZI*I# Y^\O;VQ5Z)KK[/F:.(3$_=1R5'XD9_2K%%

9X'K6G110 4444 %%%% !1110!!=2R








M
V







2RD\
M;D,2 !^[Z_*:EL]6FGNKBRGM8X+R,%HE\TM',/9MH/!X/''7FB.Y'B:ZG:T
MD6WD@2-92R8)4L3QNS_%Z5&]G-J

ZR6\ME/%-YMM

$'&0: !

9.
_

MA'0_K6?=V5U+;Z/%=:9]L$#%[E%


Y(^]T&3]?2;


.F7QO[:

9
 8/S JN.




-JFH6%S+$;..VDBCNMF

8&

.0-
MVTH..1WS6W6%8:8EQ=W
E &JE[:23R0)=0
MM+$


H64IA$5Y;N9L^5ME4^9CKMYYQ[5D7%I?2:A&Z62I
M'#<I*/+V!7&S:23]XD9QT' [U%'I^H1R6B+: K;ZA+,SM* &1]^


]O-&S_ +ZZ5@'2








'@C@]^*9;ZK
MIUU)Y=O?VLSX)VQS*QP.^ :SW@G^TZ1



L

M!JT444 %%%% !1110 45@ZA;17'BFS\ZVEFB^SN'W1

M:;DW



MU)[G.

X$EO)/:[1;OW.T(-J\=
 $G\: .

M&.2
'OWH ZZL_5=473K&[G2
W$EM&)&B5@IP


4 +8X!. 3]:X^XLH;EY+
M:VL6B:?2Y\QRQ[2\H9






G4=:H6!N;'5-0M;GS'2XQ.LT%LZ1JY


)?EP71D8YP#\V
C'6@#JZ*Y-M
M]N9([7C88P,JC(0PW@Y !ZYJ1KWAOXHW@O[JW%





-1D:$XG

%



M$LS
LEM*ZR-;F-_
.-JDGASZ

%G/!'4

M






28T#A@!C! Q@9Z8^I-96G27!M=$F;4;AR8'E=/DP6VJ=I^7OG'KSUH





MVEK%96L=M;AEBB&U SEL#TR234U%% !1110 4R6))HGBE0/&ZE64C((/44^B


M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% $4]Q#;*K3RK&K

M.ZE75T1;MB;T9'[K'W(^N.?R_P : .KJ&VNH;N'SH6RF2#D$$$'!!!Z5#?K;






YS0!

MDEC#(HB^1L 

MPV4'G3L0FY5&!DDD@  #KR:D






MQL)7D=




M'FD8^]Q[MB@ J$6ZB\:YW-O:

  DY^O/Z5-10!#/;)/+;R



,+V(8J3_P@#\Z9:6GV9YW:



MMYA
A0@?

MFUAC!MGF=3


MD?F#FK&MW26VGNINX[5Y@8XY9'A6(/.3WP#1IMKB6:^FM!;7-R%\Q-X;&T8
MZCC_ *G:U9K];K[3
P5 $EM7.(&P=Q=!U
M'0Y((KHZHW&FK-)*Z7-Q9B/
$;##C&

)I+2[EACL5E6/VT
9MN5S@C&TX/6DO\ Q1Y$1DM;03!+1;Q_
E\OY&.
W^T-L4[@5R.N/89]LUIZOX



%


D^G:F1Z:VF/=W-L)[Z6\D4RQR.




BT=6D.%.[!P0.AQUQWZ5OW%L+N!4F:2/D%A#
R'/IN7!Q

AN(4N)YXIV+NDVW&X]3PHZTD6A6R:7)ILDD\UHZE5CD
M8'RU] 0 >.V
(75UDRFXE?NY^7''TY




ZC?:C39)D@A
M(:
MR/





;&4@':?0*


]U+)'+MV1N^X)@8)''&?3_&J@T$)J5Q

M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB





M

MLJ(D@7 Y=25V\GT''. * .BHJJ+QFFGC2UF;R652P*8;(!./F[ \YQ[9JU0

:*A\T=Q\RG!QG'ZU#:73
MZC
+^VO)O[/2
?NUC4^:V
G^'=QTP#UXXQR ;%%8@NUFN-)N8)ITMI1(3&YZ

M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH




MFG'0_BQKHZ* 
33[J9P6*

15( J/


L
=?3\*M1V9B^TOYKR23#'S8PH P 
#IR??F@#*


MC
5M%&V
H@4X]A0!+1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 45DZK?7FGW$4J)
G+S'N1&/-$.)49&#GH-K 'OGITIRZS8
P43
9/*(:-AM?L&R/E
MSVSC/:@_151-1M9+K[



J..?U

MK$0HP
A21D X]3S0!KT52@U6RN+AH(YB9%#-\R
H(4X)#$8.#UP33K74K6[E
M


MNW@_)U^0?F?3GHZ* 


C#






M!TRIP?8CVZU

5'FA0R_,S1D# !/8]NU:@:.Y
MT_S,2L%4D&5C$@=2I _E0!5BO)0MFKSLSR(V\B(D;L CH.@JU]ID%FDC!%E
=&=RXX






M-




MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH S
M/$4
]SH=W;VL#3RS1F-55E&

2.PQ]?;FG66E/'J<C75K<



 ?7FI@
# Z




M?U(JK;ZFEQ?O9K;S*\:[G8[2J^@)!/)]* +U%02W4$3[)'PV
XP:IVNLPRV?
MGS H03\L8
FX ]5P.0: -.BD!# $=#S2T %%%% !12$@ DG '4FLN76TMYA#



M?

U %ZBLZZU3R9;I(H#(+6-9)'S


MG
?E[L_+G.
$C^E %BBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H


?YY13+MVAR.0/2F1VEO%



;7& 2W''L?I
<?\ Z*6LRQM+*WCT9[BQC(&F.TJ^1N8L/)Y( R3R
M?UKJ4BC21Y%0!YQ[G P*/*C

1%

M$!#;6Y&1TR.]


MHO)]@.E)I
\-OJ/E7EQ(D[((;82*466(?=QGJWKGG/08-;LMO#.T;31)(8FW
MH6&=K=
CWYI[(C
K





*9OL]TOV:T+-*3*H:ZF/4$D\@<^V<#C%7M%AMOL)EM+

4
:$DDE5 Y/4TZ.*.%2L2*BDEL*
#).


M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@

MA2P^ZI;@=

DOCH5(]/R_@#IZJ7.IV%G(([J^MH)-P



1N$;. Q'KBIZY/4?M%E-J=[:O


K&A9')[$C./8\


 &&64@K@CMS0!U4]U;VT/G
M7$\4
:</*DTU?M6SRFB'F;\


4$@F
MFM+A$C=E4$(V




M0 ^UO+:]0O:7



M


9P.G2FW.F6%Y()+JQMIY -H:6)6./3)%6Z*
M (%LK5;;[

8]%/;\*L44




&=@?P K
MH:* *Z65I':FU2UA6W((




*[ ?4#&
\

M@(SR S

D88K]


M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% $%W=1VD0DES@L%&


^?=G&-N.


 6.%!/4XS@?@#0[JB


M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444


-
MI/--81*%:/RV=@@(9L$85GZ9'.1G/3CE(_#DL;1D/IS&)61-]I(^U6Z@9F.!


\+NVT$;206SOSU'39T[U%)X=N9?/WWEN?M!



Q(]?KS55/#

M &KIU[-=75_#
D:_9IA&NPD[E*A@3[X;_P#75^LO3-
GLKRYN)9XI/M!W2!$


M\YN(;:2!C*R;G92NU1Z]3C)Z?_6H O4444 %%%% !1110 456O+IK6


42!B
 Y('S
M'MU]

*LFY&'S'



R0\


MF4VC/8@MD]/3O6=%I=Y81ZA%D=U!Y):1R@'@%CL8$C(&1CIQ@9H V(KZSF



MN9\F?TPHZ]NN:34(9-3D?3I[.06++^\F+)A_0  [ASWQV_&L_R]6N]%%O=6
M$@GMYHG1FDCS,J2 ]F(#8'TSWH W/M]GY4LOVN#RX6*R/Y@PA'4$]C0U]:+
MLS74 B9=ZN9!M*^H/I7/3Z9J

MY+#3)[N*))C AD*

M^YBAM9&GG@:
W:V-S*'C+16XE!
M*=25)]?:@#7HJK?M/Y!CM?EE;^
CA .I_H/_ -=0:;=S7LDC^9$]NH 4JA5B

M9T


M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 4-
M2MYIVC


UKT4 4+
MC
\
;;91

D+2

VGO*9G!D5E7Y5Z# )[?3GDUL44 4KDS-=HT2


?XUH44
M9[6;7DLL\N8R4\N'U09SN^I(!Q[#WJ:RGFF5EN+=H98SM8]5;W4]Q5JB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** 




MVD\N:8B
JAP#D@
3C!'0=ZET60M-J(
4T?\ I18&2)D# @#() ST/3^M8CVL

]/FX!]:KPVJ27-_'!!
UZFIAXIRK'RQB
ME^@XSD9Y



M*YC\R19$SC*GH?3ZU')=;;BVB10ZS[OG#= !G\:HZ'#%$MW<[8T9Y65RC':

J1-( 7G!#)J@=





M:7-N)I'$:O



A0-


M[L9;^7;U+]'A\K7+[=$L;V@X*O\4O921VH ?/KWDR2#[*2D98
_F   .%R

&NF6*2.$3
);@E=A_? KWSD
M'=VQS5K0[J6YU68S7:-(D?E[7 W2C)*R+@ ;2
^OX4 :EUJ#173VUO 9YD@:



X4B\8ER5^5YK8XSG&W':M
M/22K+=%OVE\8Z=J +]%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%












M_P?:'_OV*GHH 8T:.Z.R@LA)4^F1BF0VMO!)+)#D;S-ND95P7/J:ISZY8P

%'+K#&KL<E@H!)

9/J:9=7







VYV^IJ


M% !7









S8F;#;CD
MGYSC'7/'/O7944 8_AV\MSI.F6HD!F-E')M /W0 #STZ\5L444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111

<8]#0!;HJ-IXD*AI%7<
KDXR/\D5#'?V[Q!WD6/+



M\32.'-N2^T LDQ4CVR

5S@YYXK6:-6C\L[MN




W0+^=5[*Z:\1;64S^<DW[U)U574* W)3Y22O(XPU






M !/7 /).!S0!NT5E:(;QVNI+FXN98?
V_VB)8V*[1DE0JG[V1SZ#CUU: B

M
D(4R' 9@@XSDDX%#2HLJQEOG?.!CTZT 
6T@6UCMC$KQ1A0JN
_=Z'GOQFI
MZ;(ZQQL[D*J@DD]A38Y4D1&5N'&5SP3WZ4 24444 %%%% !1110!GRVVI
\G
MEW5BL;L2%:S9CCMD^8
H(\VH[

M/'IN&=U'[SI[5LYB)(!;(Z_(?\*?#*D\2RQ-N1N0?6@#GW\-SF*:.*73;=


M^9O71F\UMTF=
)WGU/[SD\G\ZDN=
O;N-8[J32IT3E5DT]F ^@
E;%% &
VD
MW33QSLVDF:

Q8E=/())ZG_6=36Q10!A?
MV%+Y7E;=&\O&-G]F'&

<C@<5O4



MV;NVG/





M(!SVYZ U/;Z9!;V2VJ%MBJB D\[5 P/T_4U-;6R6\;*&9]SER7.22: 
J ^7
M



ME;RY0



M
R(DF/F5&+ ?0D#/Y4 24444 %%%17


MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *

\]^M:!('4BD#


M(=3GOOM4[M
H1HVV; !G&
+GC)[]Z9+H\$MQ+)YDJQSL&F@4C9*0
9.1GL.A


8^3IPO_?(


[96V%USSQ\N/




BK#



MS[5/4/D'[9]H\Z3'E[/*S\G7.['KVJ:@ HHHH *;)N










MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** *.L6


-=BZ7?!NP0P;'WAGD=?3\Z


#EL9R0!



M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !15+5)9D@CCMGV332H@( +!21N(!XX&3SZ=#5+;?7&MWMO


MO@X_'TK?H **R?$4\]M912P7

M]* -.BL.WUMH;F6QNHY;BY2=H8VB0#S


'
M=M'0\

M$D139M$A5/



'!Y&: -.BH;


J(;1IV+3W;0QW.U=Q14+%L8VYRI


5:HH I:CIRW\
47GS




MY

MKH** 

\S

MN]3@=/2K%OIHMV=H[NXW.$#$[.=N!G&W&2  ?TQ5ZB@#*&@VHN4E
MP4CE::



D( (P

-$0
M?* H7H3U!ZFJ;Z]*ADS9IM06S9\[DK
Q7^[U!'3OZBAM3NOMMM%;VRJ);R2&

MHD;


Y_#%1Z?K




FS^(GA/D_8FDN@\BF
M.(NXPFW)RJ$\[AV ]Z -ZBL5]=D63_CQ=(A)C-(^UL28 .W!Z$\@XJUHUW<

M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% %.\TVVO




MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
/BBB@ HHHH **** /__9
end








begin 644 exhibit10-23x1x1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!# ! +# X
A .#0X2$1 3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBL)M;F&IQVH:V.Z\-N4R=X4*6W8S[8H W:*Q+76)V-B]T+:.&Z




MSH48- 7 W
@89&1D;B

M!_
\PQQ
X. 


M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110



?4X%6M/T^'3XYDA:5O.D
KF5RY)( ZGV 'X5/Y
?DF


MXA9;J94
TCRS
%? Y(SNQP.@X^E6+#2;+3[7[/!A4(Q?YBPQC!)ZCVZ4ZU


MQ+(EP%\L@DJ?
8D[NA






F



MY'0GWJY0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5GZ

HZ9&!Z9



=N*M

$F=!)C

5(6C


M7T][!(;EHQ*C -&(FC:
XZ


QE8@@=!MSC]*8FD6
M
=T;E(



LDDT
C-+$(7/GR#*#&

9SS]*T- BCF\*V$4J+)
M&]J@96&01M[BII=%T^5$22%B$B

/KFIX;&W@L%LH0Z0*NQ0)






Y &6(!!STZ\^]/T[7K^\;3MPM
ME%Y:22G$;?*ZGC^+IR./UK;ATZU@F


MXZ?K3;#Q#?R1V$]TMLT5U=-:E8HV# @MALECQQTQ^-6_#NA-IEC +N.)[NW#
M*CI


MG!W=?O$]: .=L;RZ%WX8BF

MN]K!:2
D+1+(H@=F.\9)R.$V@]^O/2MBXTVUN9H9I8V\V#_5R+(RL!Z9!!(]

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@!CR*AP0WX*3_ K.TG5EOK-ISE_WTB+Y4;$;0YG\@#5N\269##&
(W#




.
@X[^GXUELH=XX3)();B8
F1A@BIC=^8S^(JS=


IM0


^A7$.]F40-O=NK

1NPQ (^7@@?F!5G5'


M


TEOJ8
6ISMYC!A\L@  &T]

M[UEZ) O]DH\Z!]SR2(67)V
[


M78$X[*





M^M_-C5TP[(R.


1O)X7TF&2UN-B+$EQB-A+#M7DJN-V=P R!
MT.16KHHE%CME5@HD;RBZ%&9


MT5A\WEK@D]N?SH CN]22VF


M)4#'T48S^E %5=09I)U
ELGER% '8@G%6-
NFOM
M;ME-/$LA4=!D9Q52-

MJ2N8TG*C8SC/R]
''6FG4V6[B@?3[M%ED


MH EO9VM[?S$4








M]1FEHH 2F&&

MEHHH *0@$8(S2T4 )UHI:* BBB@ HHHH 2BEHH 3 R#@9'0TM%% $9&#TI
M:** $P
YQSZT;1C&!CTI:* $(!&,BEHHH 0# P.E+110 F!G..3WI:** B
MBB@ HHHH **** 

M!NX/IV/-=$8HS*LI13(JE5;'(!QD?H/RI657&&4

@X(SR.10!0U%'=1&VU8


L6L85


M@ '0=:6@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** 








\9% $]QK&G6T$
TMY (IFVQOY@V

ODN!;EU!10FTDG.
YY


G^D(GFQC*%C&1\QY'(YZ#OQW'3OS?]E7;WU[J
M
=B8;V.Y\ZW:1DQ
FQ5
9()QG!(ST)!]:GNDEDU);^?39((C8RQ3NTD8*DD$
M D
3CY3R









UD?L]NEQ('4A& .

#D!B!D=1DCD5A)IMXEW9
^G/+Y-]+.92T60K



M*QR(6PB


MIIUY#%&)-*8RKI8MBX:
DN!C&=V?Z4 =)+=VT


2D%HR8B@QALMTSR
M
9ZGBHX+:]MWOO)TS:LE\)D)\L_*5 +*-V-V5SSCAL\GB@#1N-19;S35MO)E

YQ







3DL'RP/;Y1ZGIF@#I9



M1ZKITLQACO[5Y5SE%F4L

]J4ZGIZPM
;ZV$2D*7
R[03SC.:YZUMY_L9A

@'$AR??CV!-6)M-N7@TN22TN'2W





97;'O20G


C'KG[QY ^M1WJ22:A
@VXP 0 W0X.30!OB





M3R!X\1EUP#PV2

%MD@&<9P"/8@C^7:KDE06&&QR
YQ5#3QYE_?72_ZI

23USGD8R/X?I6CI*W26F+P'S-Q



[ATZXQ[U/+

$










+


N=RX '3 '('.:MVL6HRVR7
E]B61 WDA%\I


MZY;SRPJL-P$EF: 2


MF



]X[M8YO/6XC*0X57;#\I

MRW:S)OH'^S-(?^/8C=O_ .!\8S6U10!3TNSEL=/2VDF29DSAUCVCDYZ9/KZU

NG61MYITG/F.

1B^968Y;#9Z$YX()YZU-J5D+^U


G;G,KZ-/+ X
MFNXVF$#6\+B$@(C8R2-W+<#G(^E;%-=Q&NXAB,@?*I)_(4 9#Z)-.0MU=QR0
MFT-JZI5+ _Q [CCH.U7[.*ZB7;=7



?3&W[_ +]:9%H=V@@W7\+&


M'@U1L[\M42W-^)+6,!4!BQ+@= 7W8/_ 'SGWK2HH QO[(N^?]-A_P/O[2/


MY10!'+'YL#QL?OJ5)'N*R(]%O(Y;=Q?PGR;1K7#6QYSCG[_JJ\?7UXVZ* 
7
M3]&NM/\ )



LXN&@*?
'W!CAL_=+#.
?C4




6]4] WGX_''\A7044 8ZW%T+Y[EM)OVS&(U7=!\H!)/\
MRT[Y'YM*V,Y1OM&W=N.W:N/E[9&3S^/Y=*FHH **** BBB@ HHHH S]5M(
M[RUGM @

=ZVKG


)*T8+K]#U'4T/96CW2W3VL+7CRF
%Q]#UH @U61T2%(K

MD1E2.!MP



M-KD$JSPG/T[ 9QC/&/:L'299H+&SMA?2H+J[N%\TJA*X=^%^7&6(SR#WQVQT

\=^Q]P:987
@

G)/3H


=
XX]9-/N]0GL9O-NBEW9Q.DX9%



M9J^P#LAR

B$E244XP!@_

8?\ WO7\: )Q
MT]:6DZ4M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 45G:E)







MTV*YC\RX.6$:;6CC').2XY.



W 5
9!)Y;X]< @_B#5F@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **

^U9VD:3##%*9[2-)!=RR1G:



M:Z7/_:



MC@D:)0S7*ML6-4V1A6&2!P223CUJWK%G

3825!8D9Q5BYA


M 4X4* .HP 

M@L.
\_+WK?HH PM


MTLQ('X @?A5YB0I*C)[#-+10!7M+?R!(S$&69S)(P&
G 'Z  ?A5BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 



M2&&46L
D_A^-



 !\O''% &3J.L7E[


MQR_WE(4#\#0!7_X2DRR66MK'-]L\X!O/P%:/J


I3DL

TH:;




06KVK1WMY_HL3Q1 F/A6SG^#GK^E %/2_$
MK:=I!CM6D^W-(@


&9=4BFN+D7#(Y*WCC:W 0G=CKCH





M( 8_B30!2M_$23W






CE R;3E=NU0!SS

M



SD-W
\3
([J




M6O+HM).+CG9@

MP&


M8'H * 
^[\1W




M)#JTNHBXG:22


)4*??'/UQ3?%KF%]+D$UU&KWB12"20%D()
M(VH<D\=N:KV6FZQ#KS7(<K$TI,GF00D,A/3S =YX/&5'ITK9U324U.2V=[JX
MA^S26
1;


I_V]9V2VL!XI)'5IS
MSAL YGMSCW[8J;2]7N=0RK6<<

'-6[C3HIM0@O



M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H





#:
\_G5BLO48_-U?3

M9Z;JJ:&)U\/00Q





MY-ZD$#:P4@^^6%8NJ++-K


MA1'3RW*$.


M(7MV48 4XY*C.







M_%%J5O8L&
LZ.ZD= %QG/YU/+/%!L\Z5(_


MA#C'!V@]ER=H_+% %RBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH






M=.M?-FE2(1RS@22,[68?4?SZU;HH CAACMXEBA18XU&%51@H;/3[6P
OV2

M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 45GWFLV5E=):SM

M $]%%



8V4'Z;@,_A0!<HIDLB0QM)(P5%&23V%/H **** BBB@ HIC
M2(KJC


MFU&U@UQED*W%P8EV-AL#)YQCMZT 6Z*** BBJMWJ%K9
B3R'S'Y6-$9W


G\A5/3M7L
MM4
HLY'?RFVONB= I]/F Y]J +U%
\Q/-



M0VGU*6


M)( ]223].3T'%6: . GNY+OP]K$;W
LR6NIX4^:25BWC&3G)'7D_TK0NKB_/


M?4;C0]&


]!FNYHH XVRD%[JWA^[N9I&:6Q/SK*P#2 C(X.

9W%.F[\0
U

9%57^5?8@?05V,J6)XV) =2I*G!Y]#6/!X9LX#(T<LJ
MRNA198TCC=


MDC1VSW4:7-PF5Q%W8



MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

MJI$&Z8SR2/45FPZG?2VJR2/




S9('K@*.1QS0!LT5


959?F3:


AISP
\]$JE
MJ:I


@!RH^;C'4$XQ]?2
MDUM)Y/LUQ)%(T

\3+;QKO9FR

X/U[$=Z;8:CD6\

MCG'0=!^-5M2@6748;N&*X

H/E$+

@Q@%
8 X_'CF@!\E[=7!NI
M;651$IVR#&Z=D.Y]I/4$?+^!-7UOHKC3C=6S%T*\%05/N#CIW%949N9YI+

MRZC*SQHDDSO(0 !&G3N?O=!UJ_I4TEQIMO+
VZ1URQ QFJ4=E)8I:SS&.1;6
M
J5@@.X_+CU.?RJWHZ/'I-JLB%&\L95NH^M %VBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H

MB*T




O;



Q89 7G';G)% &I16+)XDM5EMXTM[F4W



OMFDUC5)H
MM4L-*M(YKPL3


 !W(X&<GOTQFJ$V
MMR7.I:4UB\RVEQ.\1+(FR8 'E3RPY'MF@#I**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****

M$'GI^%;5% '/?\(U(LFFO%?*/L(EVJT)8$OP0/FX4=ASTZTVU\+R6UAI]I_:



MD




M.
U/110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444


@=:?UH 6BHXY4E+A?D;:V1CG_ :DH ***898Q)Y9=0^W=@GG'K0




$




C]* )***898U.P!R!CW/04 /HJO?7
MMOI]J]S=2.)

 U
EM&I;)=PPP0[EACZ$T 8=\QFU2TDAG
M*Q1NZJ&D.';823G.0.
9]S[5HV]Q;7EE.]I

;WQN/UQ0!CXDDM[Q$MKH
T


5LG.[

!GF


EM$DU-$B 11$N21EB-O?T#?G5VUMA


M:)&&&




M%6J* 

Y.4


60,KW'(XX[CF
M@!-,,K:7:-<.9)CA=B


P7]:T/L2M=-<2N\CX*IDX$8/7;CN?7K3;P%DT[M/+/+

M@#@=A0 ^6R@FE:21=S
5SGT7D#Z9YJ59HWD9%=2Z]0#R*DJ)((XY&D4$

M0

M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 9CD7FM2VLF[RK:%)
M!B
Q(H @N]7:.*_CN+ 2&W5&,8D#!D?(!.0,?=.0,_C5E-5#ZQ
M+I^R-6CQ]Z7#LN=P7'*]L@]<\=Z@GT!;AKEI-0O
W

M(/MT=R+B
7

?+^9K8O[0WMOY/VB: $@EHMN2/0[@1BHKW31=W

M2A!R 


5]+:BW)=+MG!

M%+I=DMA9B)1@LS.1G.
G./H!@#V ITEF7U*[^TS 1J5$(V[#GJ3QG/3OV^N
M0GX;O?MNE*#.L\EN[0/(KAMY4X#9'J

MTEN0

E6;+5)[M80;:))C*Z31^<28

MP)&!C)P2
GV/0@+Q(I_L2XD229'B&]3#*T9S]01GZ'BJ-C-+!X@BMBMY:P

#Q4
.DJM]'





N7C[*

54MG;C !QC.?3.*LV.G

99-N V .



M-_MUTTY*
\C2DA\$$C;]T ]. *NS11SPO#

MA3&R*1E(7'3G&X_B30!+?W0LK*6X*[A&

M0H2XS$?EZ[L=

MF/

M2.


M/&=P/M6='=&WGFO[ZRB:\^U-! T4DCL3M/R':F=H )Z'GG&:W(M-2&\EN(KB
- 

M\+ KI+J=WRW
RX9BQ&)&&


7D0M''%LD.YG?&T8V]]W)SQC
MOUJY8WTD]S/:7
*PW


.
M



MV1N1;F5EDY'S1L%R!DC=C;D#J


M

ML!\[Y@I!&UP$[]U)/X5!'$EQKS36UQ')$JXN50Y E7A1['!;(Z_*M;% %-M4

\@L0


M)( *GC/!/.#VH OR:Q8Q&%7E8239\N/RGWM@9/RXSG'M[=:4ZO8_9DG69G1P
M2-D;



M8H OC5[

0-H_/T]:T;:XCNH1+
M%OV$D?,A4\''0@&L(VDT.DV5E)/;PZG#(&@\MM^1G!. <;6(/IFMFWWQRFV


M+;W(D\XLL;*IVL1U&[&

M8'6JL.DZFJV:R): 0WDMPY6=ONONX'R=1O/Y#UX +CZH9=:LH+:;
#F19 8B


 5&?NCC(ZGTYNP:?:VFGSQ

M[O[1=26WE1K

M.


^F:AU#5B]@+C3YMICNHHI5DA8





M))'RCZXSVJC8Z;?VS:2CBV:.SA



L
M(N]7MW26


M61K8[)00


[F
1M&PD+ 9QLQNS@CMW%9USHU

M7@A.3ANX&
U9[Z1=W)UJ.8P1QWY'E,K%RN$C<I4#L#U/7'O0NC

JI1

*











M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%



M!VERC=?NKV([^M7: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BLN[N-0CUB&WCDMDMIXG*
\3
P=0
 _

]

M]-9LI+9;A&F:-\%

MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
_6+&6^MHQ


MW YXQBM2$R&)3
B))CYE1BP!]B0
_E3Z* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBD) !). .] T55DUVC./







DE2)0TC!03C)]:A:_
MM%4

]U#
M; F:0( 

V




M*A^U6^XKYR;@



8QWI] T444
M %%%% !14
M 20.?P-.6:-V*I(C
!D@


@@CVH 6BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B


M
%/J1F@#GD9/M$EPTUP
D1))LD*LY.
!?[H/'7/4Y[U9G
O]C.IM2K9;.UBB




T2L

%4A(CC:I/4CC/ZT^2


SE%2)
MQ +

M/Z4 9

GC\*?';A;R3$+^7'(@$0;[N5QNZ]L_D35_[


*QCCABBWNPC);<3R6.<L

G%35$T$;/$
M[+DQ9V9YQD8S^7\ZEH R]53

&C8)

_P J
M?-CMTZ8% %:\O9+.6[=O+?R8%=!MP3DMQG_@-64CF^VB:9H@/+* *3DG.?Z4
M7&GV]R\KRJ2TD7E$YZ+ST]^32)8L)HY9+RXE\LDJK;0
X(YPHSUH JZA;;[B


J.$W$4R2H\0G=T





M ]?[O-;$420Q+%$H1%&%4= *ADLQ)=13-+)LB.X1 C:6Q@'IG@9XSBK- '.+
MFRT#5A!(\?ES2 2
Y9D' )W')X'/-


7+#TR23CT

TC
[=N6)S^M-NM/M;N!(9HLQQ_

[A&#\
MI.
 GZ4 94ZR-J;B

MC1VC*(J

M+

EI(S

AR:M6FF06AB



M2H3TD;.!Z9ZD?7- &1:
$F4F*)PZ2R2':0&8
@R/ESM .!CM6JT_D6D3QVYE




MZ0D



G.1\G8=#
6[@U&%]2F
M



J


M3NI);>Z#;L99T5$+ #;P2#VXR![YW-.D:Y$MV+AI8)FSIX51QD$#)R
J7SQ7L\MN+2=6S#YF6
M1_0#8
'(+&K6MW5W:O\!D\A5=IO)-(
8P=K=5&3G'/2@#0@NH+B29(95
M=H6V2 ?PMZ5-7+2W



CJH&[


M'((P







O08&0

9[G')'/(-
M '3TM8US+=0ZC+$;V4)=0?Z
H1

M6*432!6==JDL5$?4YX(8#VH V[6Z@O(S);2K*@8H67ID=:FKFO


M4N[/WO\ 5\Y[_PLV9]Z .ECN[:02F.XB?R3B3:X.P^_I3H[F6W^T131O#C


,^O?UYH ZBBN=O=0O;,W<W(D;SXD267:GE!QZA2
M.HX)!Z\YK5TK[:MLR:@\+S(Y 
!2QZ;80NSQ65LC,GELRQ*5X^4\=.!Q[4YK^S2V

,1O8VS($!3$I&T'(&
=

MTZ^]/_MR+0K]KM]TXS$/,&9!_L\\_A22:C91).[W4(%N#YOS@E/J.U %WT



M*Y]


9


IOK81AMA;S5P&]
YZ\CB@!R:?91VK6
MJ6ENMNWWHEC 0_48Q3?[
L/W?^@VW[M2B?NE^53U XX')J26[MH9(XYKB*-Y



#
M]0:DHH JR:;8301P2V5L\
?W(VB4JOT&.*FE@AG@

T221

%'4%2/I4E% $
M

=LG\S5VB@

V
9).34U% $5Q;0741B
MN88YHSR4D4








MU% $

MRPBC _7%)/86=R7-Q:02EP V^,-N Z9SUQ5FB@J--L1YN+*W'FKMD_=+\X

M.0WMBN@HH R[J6?PW) ]F7F:WV E2=V

6V


M6#3)9;:R+WCP[?+NY#






=X&7 7



M6@ HI*6@ HI.O2EH **2EH **** BBB@ HHI* %HI*6@ HI** %HI*6@ HI
M** %HHHH ***2@!:**2@!:*** BBDH 6BDHH 6BBDH 6BDHH 6BBD!R
CI0
M M%)2T %%%% !1244 +1244 +124M !1110 4444 %%)WQ2T %%)D9QGFEH

&B$O/D#^M &%Y




M!\-G!YIMQ9R27%H8_N12;W+2
3]TC 'XT^_MYKE=L9CJI(W#^/M]!UH H6K
MLEQ''&&W/D@%SL#8)9B,\YS_ J[J3


MF0


M?W1NP/;[QH K6\(_M.0%Y2(XHW53



HVJT2[0PQQD=1^9J!K&=M(
!\L3F0RXW';GS-^
M


M075G.UG);P[&-SD32
:$1QLB#(SO3<,#MC-4I])^TH8Y)2$#B
M08502XZ$X XZ<=_6@U;)G3HA*94R@)WOAE[X)&.E06D33WW2RS+;J/W:&1
MCYG^T<]O0?C2O:W5SI\D%S)%YKODE02C*#C'7! P?K4N+_'#6W_ 'RW^- $
M\J2-CRY=F.ORYS65#+)%YT[2
HEN/+#+&=VP'&?6K\
-Q%8PV_FJ9%0(TH

2<PB-8\5&=V/


P$BK]FM_M$8*YR_P XI3+) \DP
XQ][WJ:ZMI9IH





@')X7ICC\3

39CZ845!+8W$EO=P+)%''.6 ^0D@$8]15R(3AV\UXV7 P
M%0@@_F: 
@R-
-
E

MES+]XNQ4#L
'!X'IW_&K%O;I#:1VP *(@3!'4 8H S9+N$ZM WVVUX@D&[(P

4XQL2)T/KDE3_[*:E
2E=H




T;)V(94(!7G\
]O7VJI875S
M+/L

MF/QET^1C/M:Y9D8;P&/)8Y)7GL.
8- &G16'J=S=G8MJ_P!Z6-697PHRPRH.


M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4UT60 .-P!S@TZB@#!O-/GET&\A6%FGG\Y50;.-S-@DGM






MR7+;I&4X

#G'UJS10 5G0)=V\L[F

M:TD#?(2Y*[$=3DL
/DC('&*W:* 
Z[MVF%K)+;*\RL-[)@[!U.
\X^E56L)?
M.:6.#=%NWE&;:[\8V]2
?7%;=% %69%



\=JB6TE$T



M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%-=2R
H8H2


MG/;V
!SD'IR< YYH


;VYEO

M^9AP
]



OKCG'7@^AJQ6
BR+!HEM)&T4

MNP- %VBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HK&OXH+'5%OA;
MQF2Z0V[-LY9NJ GT.







3F21'2$(A(C.UU&
M[CC@\G(;J* .EHKFV\1
;24I=V37&4



;NZ\X_&@#I:*YQ
M];N1R+O3Q%O9%G
;;&(4$ ?/UR2IYZ^G2E;7;DS


M]JL7C

M(=A].G3\JEGJ
:ZTEPZF*'4 429Y4VRE3^[V@
3RI/4#G H Z.BN4'B*\WLQ

VT;?9P1@% PPX7=M
F2




B[A_%UZC'KS[5T5LYDMHG

_\ CI&1
M[&K%% #54(H51A0
 #M0Z+)&R.




M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **Q]?^V06D]Y;:A+ (T7;&B1D$YY)
MW*3W'Y5#?\L+[3=U_=7*27+*4*HP\MC@[5 /*_J
MOI0!J45A_P#1.:Y2XL;E5BNEMD*!6W

MD2S2(?+)*'/(P^.-ISSV[T :U%44U-);J6*:1HL!V7;@



MH)!_ U4O-82SDNDDM+AOL\/GEEV8=.Y7+#ISG..GN

SIY5G%+'M('EGY\@<<9VCW]Z .G

BFC

QX&3QTJ*7Q#:1M<;8KB1+=$DDD5 %/G# DC(X[?AGG !KT
M5@^(-286TB6;3JT



MBU








MSH\D  \SR@LK_+C!92!MZG!'Y5&FBW
8T]4O8]ME(S@- 3N!!7'WACACSZ_E
M6U10!@V^B7EL+(F]BD^R3RSX%L07W[LK]_C[[8/T].8=MYH[Q9"[8*R2U
MEC
8/)VLS;.H&=B@'@\5TE% %+5;2:^M/(@G2 EU8L\9?@'.





GTI] &%



8AE6*6.19$

D.=P^4CDY]* 

M7 ((QP3USV_$MM#NK=8I$OHOM44LKK)]G.PK(=S*5W\\\@@CH/?.O;W$%U$)
M;::.:
]'C8

6X


!8QJF0.=_/#-V]/3G?IBR([
JNK
APP!R1]: 
6YT&Y

_-
M\WW!GIW_  VZ* 

Y5B=V#SU&!3;G1+FX'FF\




M?:M.B@MJ-O+=V,UO#*D32H4WLF\ '@\9';WJ@ND7,TMF;Z\BDCLW#QI# 8\
ML 026;U[8K8IK


M



+;^;-YR%@RDD!0




M*UK:_:H#*TLX+(&P

5]F2QA!@@0HJF\FB902<.N21P/E/'% $2ZEJYB 9+2.7[%]I)9&X
M;/W2F[CCC.[W]J=)K&HS7 73[#SEC2-Y5^7G<,X!+KMP/9L^U7(]%MBUPT\

MPTGDF@%LM&X4X;([]#CIGKGC;NM/MKL1B5&!C^XT;M&R_1E(-!TZT
D+^0
MH


X[]: (;Z[F6^@L;5HTFF1Y/
E0LHX&, C).X=
MZS[;6+^]O+:WC2W@\Q)=[L&?YHWL 

MRD$5&NE6:74-RD;K+ A2/;*P4 ]1MS@Y[Y'IZ4 5]=3(L'1$:1;M-A?MG.:J

M&:KMHE@R
K12'=+YV[SWW*_JK9ROX8H K6U_JL]_#;3006A


]JNQZ9:QWBW:+()E39GS7(Q[
MC.#SSTZ\U)=V4%ZBI.A.QMRLKE&4^H8$$?@: 
1];U$LMG!;))?!I0S(H*$(
















M/0-+CV_Z(K[$9%\QF?:I&HW$X&.,E?0[2V6W=)C$K!@/M$F01TYW9P.PZ
M4 1/J%S:W\-M=R1*K[5$GD,J2,3T#;B%/;!ZGOVK0M[:*V\SRE^8YD;  R3
MU/%1RZ=;33)+(C
R

T9:.U56O'M2@+$\

DUG4 4M(H$FO6DE7=&@VX0KSM9UZ[A_%^=7QH5@ N$G^68SC


GT:PN//\ 
A;_ $@*)-DC+NQ@#H1CH.G7
M STH IWFIW\

ML

\ \9K&U6]O9M
N[



MYM'LI[3[-)'(8MXD.)G#






//&!@.3SN.
=!GI0!U1(



;0'_ -9\H.
XV?RH [%B



(&&







=.M '2V=]]JNKR Q-&;601D
MD@[LJ&!X]B*MG@=

M=2PY8 XX4GC/XUH6SRR6Z//#Y

MR

M^6@)D9E;!4

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ J%K


C%1V]O';1[(@V
Y)=R[
M$^Y))/XU+10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%9VIO)$R3M(Z00MG;&?GD)&.!WQZ=_P !D T:*J:;*T]MYKS+(78G

MW[L C'X'I[U6MKF9MX(E+DEL9YW'^$ CA0




MB9RSJVW;MV\#.23V_&J O9(V0
;J-)EW_
8RV21]W/89Z8SSVH W**2EH **




M7:I;)]^IH =1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%


M;0)&I)\V-L#C@.I/Z U4:RE6-$C@P))(L_.#Y2(P(!SUZ'UY;\:UJ* *$]D
M6T

8\J



RP
MHC!X^
.3C'OQS5FBB@#+N[65KUKB&SA9D 96) :0^_'IP/KGL*+&UN+:=66U

M-CC'/;^=3:9;S6:&VD0

M'G:/8 
3]34]I9F*T8E MQ+'AQNX!Y('X;CS5^B@#'.GW-Q:PQ.^QX2&WGHQ


MI

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H

MAB?FW?[([4 4HK^73[V\6[:YNE0PAGKMCW#!..!C/89-6)?$6GQ:F+%I/W
MF\1Y#+P_]W;G=^.



L
'Y3][%
M5;O6Q?PZ?]ACN'ANKAHI?*D56&U6RH8

#KR



KO:&

M[[1Y:2


HF.%&XG:!SMSG()''3DXXCAT6==
NK26


;

P=]JDY&0,#@#MFM&PGM[Z


MQKZG)&?H







M[TV'0KE(OGOHC





M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B


MT[5X[]BBP3QN&((:
C:

M%;/DW/\ S]_^0Q0!9K.EUFVBU)[)EE9HX_

M0(BH52?7.



M0
=

MW@

ML?45H:^&


MQ^E7:Q;3[4CWC-=PQJ+O#$0$DDA0!][@'('^%;5 !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %

^E4AI-F&@98V4POY@P[?

MH8)99(HU1YFW2$?Q'&
U-110!6MKTM6F:!$:9B\A Y8DY.:2+3[.&WDMX;



ML44 4IM)LYI9)'C?

2^5X!Y&,XP0<XZ4HUBR-A'?*TS6\I
M 1EMY3GIP%S@^N
=* +]%)4#WMLBQEI1B27R5(!.7R1C\P: +%%%% !15+4
M-4M-

BO



#H+EV4E@0KGYNH.
M0?\ $5TU5S:@WOVDS3'Y0OE;ODR




$3B;=@.S%AD#TR3

[ H




MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH

M@NXW892.AXR?YTR.XN);Z6-Y(XHH420X&=P;=P23TXJ.YLX!)8QB.20*P R
M4@'J.@/O44JP6FI7;O:





]N3TZX]Z







=0?KC\ZACNI

M%
=J*GS-!DY.0.Q/)(SCZ#- $M]=7%O+YRC_ $:
;6R.K'OCJ0



MB-['C?CGKC'S8Z8R!FK4KW;Z7)(@$5PR%D&.5] 1SS680S1M$;:8(S$YV2D!

M /DZYK5BFD@L[;[1F29@J
5QR^.?0=0:PTLG%HTYM5

M C2VCMT6
8$!5X'![@.^EB-_+


MBE47+

T
M@C&8BQZ$\'IGCT-1O;RR:C$(+BXA3RF+


C* 1Y:3[QN)+%0N.OK56ZLV6ZOIE

@[I=


MK(

3!HT

M+Y_F*I3V
G]H0*2KF2.;?(4/).SK@^W'TH NWUS)#IMS



D@5FP!^\#'GL!S4$D5



$BZ# X&?Q.3]
4 :%%9EY?2
V*9;7[S7\2-/&$;<G W'^''7)P#W[4 :U%9)U*87]
MU&(7Q%$C;6*?)]XDG!R<@K<
LHE
MS.D67P?ORA.@]
\F;8NW(3(!)8^@P,_7B@]167+J%PMTT(M+C F2+S%CR

MB%F



* -NBJ.F2320QRW-RDCSQK(L:H%#'..Y'(ZU3N;V_76[*%8
M-J/%
S1^:

MV


T

M3.




M +]%9^LW4MI:QR0L%8S(&)&?ESEO_'0:OD@#). * %HK.O-3MX_(\J[@^:95
M;#J?E[U-)J5G'#-*)TD$*;V$9W''T% %NBLZ:ZNH9-.218U:YG*2*
G:OENP

M0 4444 %%%% %#6(O
LLJA9Q)&!@9./
4G^5-GME%_9!1)M ?.';CCZ\5HT4
M 1B&


A &X&7
MCJ


<K'*XS]WMUK3MC;W/FJEMMB&/OPE-Q^A S5VB@#







9S'C/ZUMT4 9FEV



MFMB@D;J9YX$CM9PI?]XS!0 NT^_KBG3JT\R':WDPMO/'+MC  ]AG/Y5;HH


M44 9.D1S63BSGB=G(+-/C*L!MC/KCC!]:=9/) 'DGM)VN93F1@ 1[ '/0=

C7%R-D:HF[;QA5..
MG)))Z#)YK5HH ISP'[#':H.#M3@=%'7] :S(]/9KB.1K-& FG+%HE)(+''4\

BN NT+%DXSST/;M5Q8P-3ACCCEQ^9(S
O



JG&9-I#8
M'/?&.:T:* 


MX!ZG'--2[G69^&E#)^Y3&TMMP&;IQDL!SZ4[5[7[2D)92ZI-&0@&?XQDGZ#/
MYFJ@L9%O%2(NLXA=O-8$A6^0(
.&994MHI

*998%A5 H)1V7.



YSW.
4W3I+BQN?[
FMY7A49M[A1E=G

?+NZ9]Z?2
M

'OC.#UJA!J-TS70+1'9-M4L1A1M7W&0
DU9




$]R]\(TVJOEDD

MTL@(.&&0 
X/KGCGI1:WLKSM$X&6F*KD-P 
X^[_ #I+R*


$Q@_0^GXT 00W\YN[H.JB.-E0*SJ&P<'/(Y'X@U+=W
ZQPQ





M @Y+-@#_ -!_6@3[7=42$JUOY^P[8RS;=G7@_W^.E6;VYD@@W1(K
^%C#

/9


QA (!8*#N#$'I

Q)&0/THL[0S
M0CS]RK'-
R*

QC58P/E97#9/.:HV5Y.^F6=Q=&19)DCW;0F-[

@.454SR3TX/% &B

H;G_=STI5



M#QW/MFJ@U.8SCS4V+ K-
L1W$XP 


M/7I66UK



M** BBB@ HHHH **** BHIYEA3+
BD]-[;0:STU5BW/D;6.1F3&Q1C(/')Z

GFS-PO/IW_ #%)#?27 RLEO$$E:-MYR6PV.!D8S^- &A15






+^6';\BQHPW KR2

]N.#38M0::=EB6-XS*T2
&QRH^;



Q )P1QP#^-+%?7
MES?&WBMXX51(Y7
S$L58L
;1T/R'J: -.BLG6-3DL[FQBB20F6XV
 H.]=C'



M@_YYZU/0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444



MX']*VL9ZTM &1J-HM\UVCS/% ;7RF=
'.[.1R#VQ^=%M:B*:T\V

M'6*7;%(#GHHW8/UR/J/:M0 #.!UZT  # &* 







.O)YZ$UND
M9&#10!2TU('L$12951C_ *Q,%3GD8/IG'//O56UC@E\07Q6)2BV\*GY. VZ0
MD?7!'YBMBDH RI8DM]?L&5$CA,$T2 8 #DHV /<*Q_ TYQ-#JUQ*Q2*6.






@-M_#G.
UTM+0!@:S:RWEY

']Z(=9GAEGC62[7RWMT$C_

M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4


_G6%HFLSZC':R-J6F.\B;Y+:*

.

MSR7\E5:3'RAVV@GW.#C\JR-+M=6L[&SLW@L@MNJH95G9B0!SA2@QGIUH MV^


CD''!&:S-3TW5+PW01+



L=V0
 $YS5@ZY

M)I&H13VI7[


S%T=& !R2ORL




NLZ?%+-&]Q\T'^M(1
MBL?!/S

#S&*J.?8&JGV+4&FU.0QVH^UQ*D8$S'







Y[4T:UIQ6$_
M:0#
S)&A5@[
OWAMQG(]



M5@LC

MY(82@D)4KO.!D

7GV3


JL
MS-D\8SSC&1]3TH TW#%&


!D'!Y'%$5XH*VTLA^U;!N/EDJ&/;(&


M8;P /E9






MZWT_4H9;%F:*80&0MYD[


VM(YX,Q9V_?)!YYSMZ]O3UBET?5IM)%@TD1M
M#+&X29@-S9VM]S)'.

GY/]L_D/7@

M;I@Y&.O&



D#N^
MF3@B6.
$AT4AS@'+JIX.
@ ]16P)GCM#-=JD;(I9PCEE 'H2!G\J )J*R8=5

W

8+RQN291URW

MD
D%T269I5VD\?*?K^&* -2BL'3]9O9[=%DM[=KN:681H)B%VHY!).WC'








MSE2WEKG K+G\0.WMS%EQ-.&*+ [RH0N-QW(C'JV/N_E0!MT5CVNI7EUJ5J

M


T;8S_  [S




/4X ^E &S16

!9&E)8$,Y'!ZCXR3GVH Z.BL7^VDB@$C6R6VZY:)O

IM'MA*N
M02

VM31

JQ?NY=LA;/'*!LC'






M6BK*ZAE(96&01T(H '!9&4


MD






%LD=W=+);!ECFRF[:V

M=H8A*TV9B5CV02/N([#:I]:DL]0M;UG60ET^_&ZE'7ZJP!'Y4 5TT:&*[M
MIXIID%M&T:Q J58

*9#D@=A^ JU32Q
M#* I(/4C&!0!3BTW99W%N]W/-]HW;I) A89&#C@?F#4NGVGV&SCMA/-.L8V
MJTQ!;'89 %6:* ,=]$CA194DNYFM_,:&(2!0-W\/8$?[Q_&H-%T3&E6R:D)V
M=+?R#!*R%8P0 V-O7..I)./2M^H9;B.&2.-]^Z3.W

M

MGD_G]

M$?&Z

NT]%&&XP/7KN
=[A0WE\LV<Y^3IRW_?1]L5](L+
MF\
S0SPR


X.1SMQGI

IS5^-B\:LR-&6 )1L97V.1^1I]
=<1RNDAC6.X,*LP ZL.21V49SSP<5B3ZKYEOJ$IU:
M0.FG0SQH)MFV7!Z 8)YV\'.=PZ@BNWHH X[7+N.\M-326Y</]G!LXXY%F5D

M
H\0K)!)=P;6C8@!2WS@N[
2



M]\GT-=A10!R%M;B&RN+N&:[

MQD+3
AR
X^F*GH XRYN;2:Y


\D\LT:F5FE+
M_

*?G7).5[=\_


MFLBWFCDUO2FMM2_M4@





04\RZGN!&<QB7;\G&.-JC/!(YS5R@#DGFGAT

(%.=Q)\PL.V0&&/:MO1HB+









M[JVU5RJ2+:-YCLLA1E5F;/R
/F&3R01CGBG:C;W1O;B6&V:9);(Q#:ZC#9/'



M



M-KJ

5M=%&


M83-L

M9@LT;'+L
#)4@\8) Z'G(R*JW&GWDC7MH;4


 @\

QZA<6T-C#*L$2



^V13K6YO)R%FL'MB/OL\B
I_W=I)/

B[2OKG/3WJOJ
M$4_VZQN8;=IQ$SJX5E!4




M

BEBT:X:1$

M7
JH&

M.\M8&C++.X1I


M #0M]4L[U&:TO(#LE$;$L#SG&.O4]OZU



M6=7BV+CKN.X


7A! 8@J1N7) R


M7ZGM1+?6D$2RS74



M &Z+RU
22BYA
;\HXD&&[\'O3X9HIXEEAD22-AE71@0?H17.-IER-2M;O^SV
M8&]:X*YCS ICVD'+=2V&.W/3UZZ6@PW
6G2Q7%N]LYGE=0S*W#.6!^4D=_TH

]L

1W'X1
MR6E\VH1S/IP:*6;


+6C+/:2H9(RZ= 




RPF'EF9@H&#CD
.IX[XJ73]0^W+
1:SP



GTH TZ*R&\0VPBN)4AGEC





M2!H3&&92_P!TG!(P?7/MUXJY97J7B2E8Y(WAD


3#KN





CX*9W*
M_E/&S9Z[@[

MNVU?KSTR



M26BV[M''CD;L
:;R$732Q2/)]
MG.TB




F#W!'8T\D $G@@!:*I
MPZC%
81M9/-C\WY\#:




4!




M'5BR3XV$#U&1GTSBGI/') )HVWQL
@J







;0/T9





)S[8I9(DEP
M)!N4'.T]#]: 

M'7#OR

H4

9_ 9/X4^XTZWN7=Y/-!D7:X25T##W (S4X




M\!% %583%=V2&*--ID VCJH& ?R-$%H7N;U)9'W2!2^UCC)!&/H!C\JNBTA%

J&-P90K#[PP3V(
MJFL?VB0R1S^8B7#/S$71OD(R![^O:M3[#;B]-VJE92I5L



MYB!D=


4:;3( 5'50



M


MM&Z(9760Y82RM)^'S$X'M0!ESWQCL(9HW)
T8A



M]NS&.WUZU
\2.5+#.TY [9]: 
:*VGAN=+A:?:ZVSKG8/EP$%3:TDK67EH[;
MP 9)






M

U:R6T4=M]G
M5<1;2N,DG!Z\]:;#96L&?)@CCW*%.U<9% &9(I^RZ\H0*Y5 HZ_N4_J:;N-

MEC\Y4-U/7U]JU(;:&&
1HIV*VX!B6P?;/2DCM8X[F2X7?YD@ .7)  ST!X'7

CU!)XJAM%Y!$8?M$14-Y #)'G'&1@?=Z?IQ6G-:
M0S6K6Y4I$W41DKWSVJ-M.MV55;S6VD

2%XSE6:1F(_
T 61P.N:6BB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH *:[!$+

M^'-/5@RAE((/0CO6/=7Q01B(*7E40Q$+\J2XP/T)^FW%7V(T^SACAMY)53;
M&$C R!TS]!0!:HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ IDL:RQ/&XRKJ5/..#3Z* *BZ=;B/8Z!U[%

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *


'\V9&=3M^


MQ[\T .HHHH **** BBB@ HJK%?Q2ZA/9*L@E@578LN%(;.,'OT-6J BBB@

'OT- %FBBJD
MVH0PWEK:D.SW3.J






O)SQP.

GF
LF

MP/DR






_51]3
M@=\4GAR=[C1H6DD


MYOF2&4=6P?

K

MN9VEMKD^?);[&





N?
M0X_.K=K9- 0TMU/=,H(4R[1M_P^5'IWJW0!QVG:F@DTUVU9IGDOIX&+S@AT



#.


FH/
][%;






(

M

$GF1;1

M1U8W!LS%;02R-
=C-$RJ8U/5AN(YQT]Z $TO4UU$W($31-#)M 8YWJ0KCV(
M-3B^MDKBZ@VPDB0^8

&2/S$8



WD;1RH88V3



]0&&
X^[U'%
BL-01;EFMWD9M0CN5W.@9EP@/0X&
M
'\N_6@#=%S$B3RR7
'E1GE@0!&
^73;IM0@NQI[


UQ=S06%





M6L+V\MN(2^^-]QW!@#C@5=N;NVLXQ)=7$4$X#2N%&?J:R[*&[.L17+V MH
MEM?);

*6T 8


O8^U82VVIO)I[7-I)





MW(?WBYR3@YZ$#IV]


]O<IYBJ6$F5P6

M?&&&PY+D[MN2 !P3T'X1WUEJ$D=S#%8!WENX[I)FD4 @
IVMSD$ 8X!&!^%

MQ*;RPGNG266:.07.8V#$_+L+ !L

DR.%P
M


&LGB\U3&-S$\#E@
M?:@#62[MI)9(X[B)Y(@#(JN4SZCM3$O[.2U:YCNX&MU^]*L@*#ZG.*YN;3M
M1N(K:)+2#&GF!V:1  ^Y3@E6S@[#R/[P]\3S:1)):I/;V5W%*)DEFADOF
D
MH4


M


CJI)YXH Z3I57^TK(VTU
MPEW \4&?

.
^O6KNAQS0Z+907$+0RPPI&R
5/*
M@#.02

\\=#^1]*S;RTOYM3CD%D#
M!!=&3:GEA95

MM0!L?VII_ERR?;K;9$VV1O.7'T)SP:DO+N&QM);JX;;%$I9C[5G?995US!

X&1U&2.0* 'K?V;P).MW T+MM











?EQ12H$

:R/IIB03K%(\C2( &P R[HP2
G!R!@^W-:M








A;@@#&



(VV!CM&


@G6X)R0H.-NP

M+10 4444 %%%% !1110!%#;06YD
$


+
&8Y^[(-I&


M


MG43H$N$5AMG &/FR.N.
C'%:=% &2^A1NFHI]KN0M^
2 ;/E&-N%^7CY1MYS
MQ[\TCZ!!


V=P.$Z'+?]]'VQ7T7
M3KBUNO




M$+)*;M7$I$(0ADXP3Z]

M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH












7ERR=/XQM _1FI;JWAGN(5




'% &2\8CB


M5N01TQ3+6TBM(/)BW[
D_


M3./YT 9]J)UO=28SQIMD0LWEG^XOOZ5/JT







M%95SGD '/?K^E:%Q:17*(C[PJ
&4(Y3D=.E
%A )HY0)#)&258R


L





P)/T))K1C

:?:B.:
0@1S-N=

KNV'


M$
4=$P2 
KU/XX_*K:VL2W9N0I\TKLSN.
9STZ=A^5.E@65D9BP*9P5..O%
M&58QW$UU(RD 1S*)#YS$DA!D8QSU%&K

MMIML71U1HV0YS&[(6_WL'YOQI]S9P79B
Z;_ 7WH,D#./QX)H HZ='*TP(

M?A5:T*7-]




S$
47!SP /]W]:T




MM8$97DD




:-_7-1M;(



M$A#R-)N4EU1N0?NCC.
5BVLKQ7$S
DVT7BYV^:3T7MCGZ'F@#J001D'(-+

MAF@1@[QEB'1)-I;(P.X[U!8LC7L



]P
2?KF6Q<M<EH&D9&9A.9$Q\PXX/X8QTP/S +LEW;Q#


0!^?EP<U)#-'/&)(G#H<X(K/NI-0:XW;8K:/RW
M?^[NY)_#'Z&I-




HQG//2@#3

?G3U974
C!E/(










893@C\Q2*Z0V@=W4(B9+9XP!UK





M8MYJG+=_[V1QDX].U7** 
^'2DBOA=M.\DH!!+1QC/OD*#^M6;FW6YBV$[?G



MLDB298I)4



Y'KV[TV/

2<ML ^8^^120VH@7;'+(%RS8..K$DGI
MZFK%% %;[%&1M<LZ9)V'[I/OZ_C2068MBXAED

XJU10!!#

0W4



@]JK+I<0L

9RNX9P?6F-;;G1VFD+)G:?E[C'I5B





2&
&3#9^0'H?E)!S][Z5%=7MNGAN\N+7




@_





M'M.#D]1DXSWX]: -Z[OHK2:VBE#EKF3RT*KD9QGD]N :M5Q\MXDMW8///*UZ
MFIE)8


M0!T18 @$@$]!ZTB

1TSMRQ








N.15BN4T6[M

^^
UT6H.(]/N'



MC-HMU);ZC/.F8VD!N6;RR&&23G*\'D9P


MUD6UA,;331VYU9+QS


K^9*K








=YJ[.N/O9QUH LT4U&5T#HP96&0
M0<@BJ.I:DEM87TMM)!-<6D32-$9.F!GG'(XH T**JPW]M)SFXAS$H
V''[L
MXSSZ?C2KJ%D]N+A;NW:$G:)!(I4GTSG% #;BQ
MTMQ'=W$#A0I$94JP!ST8'
M'7J
&K$




O+[4W!B 
GZ4 7H8EA38N3R2


LJD)

060'





=N 33Y=

FT3LK
M!78YPK#YMIYR#[8KHZ* 


MHH Q;*&[.L17+V MHEM?);
BD@ALC 7.1Q[59U5+ES;BV@#_ #D/(%0O&




MXCMU+M;.#D@N


M.+GRVBD

MIU[;-8O)I


%
YS@D=/SR*AEL+V23S6L;CRTNY'




MS:7/F2$:3( =.%N/FB^]S\OWNG/TJ.WTB=[DF^L;F5)5B90+O:L3(H&'4/@\

3_  ;N&PV/NX]ZCM[*ZA;2
MO
TQG-MYB2.&C/RD$#JW0GG'_PJNDHH YFPM;BTATT/IK010;SCOC 0-WX


MLI'
NH)=^0CH/*4

_C6)H




MTEC:.5%='!5E89# ]010!F:+;20--&Y#0VS&V/^QU_3(7_@%2:Q937#6ES;
M!6FM)O,



Z68B5[.%-L


<5T5]UQ8W$$!I(V0$]
D8I#8V9NA=&U@^T#I+Y8W_




IWM'OZ$'I

M 'NGMUXZ4EYJZ6\5[);V\\TMO(D;J?E&3C!&XCCGMU_6HKS1;R[74%:_@5;V



J





[1EB&5UZJRD
I_

TIB\M6


A#D=1@$L._4#IQ4<&@FW6W$=T%^SW+SH!$  '# KC/^V<'V'%6
MM.L)[$&$78DM58F-#'AU!_A+9Y SQP#[T 37MX;1 RVL]P3D[80. .I)8@?K

0\X+$NX21.FY9 1CD9'(]\CG


GM0
M!JC6(MDH:=)XY!%]G8+O9B




 D

M:D-#OP5).?O#UIL^C7
\\\QOD21VCDB*0X\MT&




MY




M=







M5
^CWTEHEU$JVTDL-TH78^T9X.21^(&1TK916$8$C;V[G&

^

[NXY (]Z2^TBYNY?-^VHLL14VTAA):$C[QX8 [OPXJ6UT^ZMKJ61;Q#'.



M&Y(M@^N
GG\?PJG=:5++=7$MO=^2EU&(YT


J;B2W)^89!VXP1ZY&

MDL



M6.H7]X^FPF\\OSX)O-98T+AD90#W4'#=

.ZMHKB!MT4JAT;!&01D'FI:Y^ROOLO@:VN[=D<Q6

$=.
\'F@#?BO

MII6$LD6Q454^5R
@8SV[DU5N]4N[)KZ202/M21K=0%:)]H)QD?
&XY!].* .
MAIKN(UW$




*VG@2*RD1)!-( 9%*J2Q4)WR<$,HR.E
M'0T5S-O?:D_V0R7JEI;Z6T<+$H7[\


M\]V6


M8QG/S9#$YR#M[8Z_G'?:K?6
MR@F67

$BEP%$1DD*-R ?E&
\YQ[T =-2$@


M(;!!^M86K/=26%[;27LCVN[=5F54#,&=/E;C&1G/ ';W!T_$:E/U^K.TA6



M^8#YCP
YSP1Z@T 6KB]M;4H+FYAA+GB20+N/MGK4RL&&5((]0:Q-(;4=7^
MU;?MHN2

M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

M@!BQHD8C5%5 
;0.
?2H8KSAMWMXK2!('R&C6,!6SZC&#5FB@F^DZ;(SL^
MGVC
XL3I+ 8P#QST'YGBPLUDCD%I 'B78C


M5E\L;@/0'K1;V=K:%S;6T

L'=':QMF9&WJQB4E6]

!^5.&DZ<MNUN-/M1S;FC$*[2?7&



MGWY%0!F^IZFHVTRP?SMUE;-Y^/-S$I\S!R-W'//K5NB@L;S:*.)K2 QQXV


=
5
MVE:


M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 457N[G[.J!
M8S++(VV.

HF8HDQ V





MPBL4D)S\AY&

+=


']:=9WK2B
3H4DE+
@V$?*#QG/


MX

M&


4 7Z*I:;?+=VT)9@9FB61@JD 9
MJ&[U*:&6!%@^_-L;)SD8)X_*@#3HJO;SR3*Y

)(QN

+&9W4_=&2W
M'OG([X)( SP#6C=[UN+)HX69MQ'KM^4]35U5@!0 !V%+0!E6CK)XCORISMM
MH$;CH=TIQ^H_.JMU@W=]&1(=UU;\!5(_=]3C'ZUO44 9;A1JEI LQ=TDDF*


8
M#8
G^R.OTJ


@Z_3.1QDFM+'.:* ,6=$2Y7<PA^T7E(R



2B'Y=V/7O[5I  9P 
\G



MC[%5)HR9'P
94Y)/N:W
48'/ YZT 8NE20(8(C=P3R?9EC$43 D;1SSGGK[=
M*AD03ZO);-$(WABCEA0

AE
*%E4@A%* $#/ )'
M('KSZUT8 '0=:%4*


YQS10 M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110





BH(M*G&H7





2WL]P+2..=X3


M@F

9'/=L?A4_]M6HNKJ!U
MG4V^T



MZ?+ TL5J]Q-#+&]NVY]JOC&1ZKT SGCU%:VEP7%M8I%=2F60$\ERY SP-Q +

M E0D3LQQU^4#/'?CCO4_VJ VGVOSD^S[/


MGUJ\LJ-%YH;Y
9STK$MM)NAHIM+F*W:43R2KLG=?O


L#C@C.:?+




] $MGJ




MS(TB




M[(Z^OM3[G1-2O]@N9;2'%I);


_I6//HUP=/$5KI^EV





ME7Y6/ 4\]?:@U150:G8'=B^MCM4N?WJ\*#@GKT!XS2W]TUI9O-%9W ^2-6
MP7/H#]

\9IO]IV&UF^W6V$!+'S5X Q
MDGG_ &E_


M*X.4/0CU'^(]: +5%9[:K-6%D'B8%Y)'$HS&5*\
.W# YSVJ8:C8FW2X%Y


M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1



M/7.6R?SJ\2 20 .I-(KAF90#E3@Y4CMGCU_@@-+6.2S^SW@A@+

M
2






M(PLJ(!#\P#LK\G=@X9?3D?G3QHL@E-Q]HA:XD9C




4:




D@
!W!(/Z@U-0 4444 %%%(2!U

M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH

MNJHH P+2RN[5AB&Z8_:Y&YN






Q@J
M1R0P/?MGH:UJ* 
&\M[W[9(L$-\8A) 5:.X500
[\ N
#;@$8Y/..]10PZHS








M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *


0DBA:7(F+1_*1P3M!S@D]

MR%Q&S;0ZLI4C/8\\5%JOVV_T.]ACL)4DEA:-8G=-Q8\=FV@#KUS[4 7?ML
E
MM
T5U;J\2X=BP98FQ_$
C\LBGR7MKZI+=0H[,$M( 2QZ#'J:YS4M/O+J/4






=Z -DWUH'V&Z@WX+;?


0
MDA)!X;&!QD=?0&@#5.H%]0LX[<PRVMQ&[57W$E<=

+ZV

AN$\AWM'*BV

7#LDBM@^G7K[5
+^R9


M7^= 5)!VC_=/6EUG58=-6!'N(();A]B-
?E7@DL1D9 QCJ.2*R_L.I*UG#]B
M#&VU!IVG






 

8W$_P;N&PV/NX]ZNZA:W



M+W$:W#H7%@#@?Y/Y&LO3;Z5]

#:?&8VFW*1


0
CJ
[
MEOM,BN9E19'W99P

1QGZ5=K-TWN+328H+F)8I$9OE5MPP6)'\ZTJ BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ J:RM;



MI;ZD=:L44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4451NI7DUR1F1


^N

KLVGZ#)_.I9I9YY+




%



+*([HW69)I$1S

U2ZD

E

M
HK.@1H

A3D ]
U!#;NFH7-P2-DJ(J
MCO\ +NS_ #JU10!GW6DQ7$B%7
*+!)!L0 ##E2?_ $']:DFMI&N+/RPGE0ON

M ]1GD^]:=% %6:T\Z]AG\PA8T92@'WLE3U]/EIME;S17%W+-LS-(&4(3T@?
MTJY10!G)8W F+&6+R_M!FV[3NQCUS_2I$M9/[3%PZQ..-TCVYR=S G([?='

MZ* *;Q7
2RSPK%+=/@;78JN!T4'!QUSTYY_2TMVM[&*#S,NB %P.I[FK%%
M&2^D'[?R2


^M6J* 
YM.$CR
 L (.U4Y
MY( )/;H 








F<8]LTZ2TE.^X1D^U9!7/W0!G_3D\^IS[5=HH I75O)<0
M1.443J\;%0V0
.&(!Q[?H*CFLIS


M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1

M /(I'D2/;O=5W':



Z

MFRW2%H=_F1F

9Q4MI9PV40C@#[0
?/(SG'898DX]J (]


Z!XVZJ:K_P!E6?V8VYC9D9PY+2
SE@00=Q.[C [T 8D%


M.\)
Z@D_Q8!QN_VNOO0 W1+JYOM-AO+EHOW\:NJ1H1LR.A))S^E+K%Q=6EE]


I'0ALYS[YS2'3+
QP

[^UKX_9U\FW#RWKVK?




M
D#7DVF2
TS1'D9C(R 
2;)Y%P

RZU!X-32VEV1P



G.[&.,9]JGNM1U6.2.VM
MH8[FX:/SSLC 4+G 7#2#_OK)_P!VK;:!IKPF%H9AC\O!GDSLS]W.[./;T)'
M2II-*M)?LY=)-UN






/RL!]U6P





M!I]M;W!GC1O



2XU



((64*YD5DE=64GDX8'
M(')X!Q0 _2KUK^Q$SH$D#O&X!R-RL5./;(J.^N[B#4M/AB
7E7+NC[E)8$(S
M @Y_V?2KD

M6D&VU62=;C



@]:SET+3T:)D


@_6I2P! )
M)X ]:Y ZC_9^F:WI\MU#:75N'F@$4X; 8;@H) YW9&




&21_*BG1+JYBN6D54.[)#?


M=6BCFN)()+!9H@URTK%OGW$D' Z#*@[?SQ0!VX8F0KL;;C._C!]O6G5RDM^T
M-UJ


+(Q1L)O.W[

M@$$$'H10S!5+
0 .23VKE[RXBL]4AC@N+A3;SPQ.KW!A 







\LDA.0JMC XR!@#T'7-3T44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !2$9!!SSZ'%+10 U$6- BC %.HHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HK/N
MY[N$K'T

MG@Y['@TLU[

M5WD$JK*?F/H#0!;HK
M+Q_-6%Y1*1P
)\[CCYCS@ 9IT]Y+%?LA3$8C'+NJK





M

G /?-5X
MM3<;!(R/*Q0%4!X9PI*GO@G!_\ KT :U%5+5YIK-7#KYA9N67(QDCH
4RUN

M6

M(.



%W



$A+K
M


2RA3@@'&[&

MQW

C2


#(]#GOZ5=O4:..!((993YP? ;.
')R6/%7Z* 



MAF=U7RWRC(-K


M6&)8V5BIY QG()&*T:* 

Q!P%X)QZGIZ5-9645O?

5_.EF=E^=@$5@RDD=
[&/XFM

M.Y YYJW;6Y-L\
VXR*^69L[2?5?;'&.U7Z* 

M$X&


2<^9<#/;RQ

-N&%R)I6$C# &789)Q
MU(/'U!Z5MT4 48[E39IL@N8MI$?EB/YEQV]

;+8&UPA8DX!Q@X_$5-]H


DK3WR%A'A5ICD



M*[?F^9B0
?B!5ZB@#$GM))5:6&%9+J1B9&8#:%( VJ3W  QVR#G&:LJRMI
D



7WQQ
MI@1YW94#T]ZT** 



M=WAM;



L
M=#Z]JL7-BLUVUS':Q/Y:E CJ!YN2W7Z#!^M %FWOS--AA*B5&=6W \*0/Z



G^=

]06UW<
M-#$I2.64@$_O I(XR<#/K^=2W*FZA^S(I2 0D8KW'U(X]OYQ0$7&K-(L4


M3AE8K:33 

S.JKYDJ%I75

0H)[8 _&K4&H![.:59([AHFQF/A#G!'// SR?:JEK%(EO:B*.5 TLSD88

+C/GVVS9_J_-YSGKG%3


+V
M@EWN  638X!(!.& YQD\T $


$8[C^=-A68:G$7$NSR'SG.

DBQ2O&


/F.


W[E)7D:

2KD$*1U!_*@#6MYEN;:*

4UNIGD3/GH.#+N.6(]P22![D4 6;^=X8E*9&6&2H!8\
?XN?3I2:E%]HCM)A&Y83Q$*1RHW#)QV



8D0F.1)!)@$YR .W-4[.%(+G?






M
FKE9^NQSRZ7+%;0//(Y4!591W!S\Q [5;25V
8-O(N]=S$E?D/'RG!Z\]LC
MCK0!6TV_:^-V'MV@:WG


C*(T+.69=RJ._!!Y^



8&
$?-^E;2_='TH 6BBLPWL_VV5=RB**0@J%^9@$
M4X'/7+?I0!IT5G65V^\13OYSN20\2[E0\_(2!QCU-/EOE6Z5-^Q$D9)V,$[
M W'YB@]15'3[SSXHE.^1RI9Y /E4YZ$^OM4:WSB^D!5WA:58(PNW&X ECZ^

D(F5SNP&8;2/?'?WH T:*A:1PJF)!*#W# 52M;^5S

M1[\@XH TZ*K.9?)$LDJV^U
N
!@OKS5+3+N;4+82?:MC

M:U%9VI74T$B/

M?W

@QC
M'N: -.BLP7TKF*;
$480LR-

8SGH* +=%


MP!T7 '_H0:GW]RT

M%




M.%#* 3U[XSBK$L








':.N&]Q6U10!ARVS-=S/B5SYR?.






M&R40
VVE8/<P
W2H)(91:1+912))L E*'9_ 2
,FF2W
MC6SQZ@FX&-D:+Y2V3ECD<8SQ5_^WM

1SUZ5:@U*UN/LQA:1A=(7B/

M67/RLX4_3KUJ5=4M'BED61_W3['7RFW[L9P%QDY!R
#FF:Y:W%[IWD6HB
GF






T0FVLJE\LC*K*.I5B

!GG
M!.*SM.LKE;VQGCMX(K2WM7MMHF9FZC!&5&1\@Y.
YS]8+7PR(M.FL'MK%
Q-

MJJM--A64/N5&8*IZ


A\TG;]QMN[&
42%R)%WG)&W&#R3@Y';CCG&N=*31_#5^LUMI\9CM'B6ZC4+)+E2!NX&3CN


MO0FKV


M5\1KO(\E\E?[RC&6'N
BF-K^G+%)*9)O+B19';[/)@*PR#]WT/X57CL-2WPW
M$HM/M-K \

#E0-


)EWE&.1P0P


MQ51N&

MTTJA2RP1/*5!&03M!QD5GQZ^)[NPF0R)9W
$KF

M;C3[\_ZIK5;2*V1O



ZLP:3)6-5QEB!R


'F)

V6*+4'

MU:7D%[&SP



=.G.?PK.TFVOK'3YHY8K9IS-)(BK
VT[F+8)V9&
XZ'I0!J'.#@@'MFLO





;!%B2:.=5C+!S&<$@[N,CH#G!ZYK2U[FBGM;6V
:S7+
 \H+*H49/

MN_[.57@@E34&@DS&75F57(8?
..

34]1GU-DM[$R6<<WDR-\@(QU;)?/'IM_&@#:HK/U2ZGLS;2QM$L#3+'-
MO0DX8@ @@C') Y!Z^U4;+5-0N5EC'V8W$,DF08V17C@HP^8XSN7GGKTXH W

*=K5+E_-5F4[B0%&"/NGGGMP: -ZBL-]5U*74Y(+.
MQ$L-O*L4QRO< DABX(P&_NG..HJ_J=XUJD1;!-<RB&-G&54D$Y(R
\ \9&:
M +;LJ(7=@JJ

-0O3:-NFLXYTN



M$_V9D2X8*JABP#$C




9Z;
M3GUH VG=41G=@JJ

M=QGD8!XZ4:GJ][!/Y5NUK$_EQM&DT;

M#;:[+1HLG:Q


MVKZ

_FVZ7!22
M-E1@#D[P.






M$ ES+#+



L]9L;YXT@E?
J[H_



M^(KD6K?NC]\XP?8?


D#)P
T 5;C3;:YNX[J42^=&A1&6

Q.*T:* *9TRT-T+D1%9
 '8[*&






;
';]_)N8
MCIEMVX_0GL/2K+VL;VGV9C*8]NW/FMNQ_O9W?CFIZ* 


M')A9!+N$[ABXX!+9RQ&!U)Z5H4TL0ZKL8@@Y88P/ZT 9SZ!I[B0
D^))1
W^


5P2
=CZ&J\.BV
!@\M)1]G+&

M@9Z\%N?QJ_N 8*2



-G(_.D31=/B1TB@
0


MC

8_]20JI(+Z9


M[VSVK

M;
BEXV57:




=) )
MPIDQNP21R#TQ@CMCM7744 <=9ZG O]E2'63



*2VS^+YBW8XQ
MVKKZ* .9DU* MJRRZA

MI8M4EA9/-=V\L[RH89.1@*03V_&F7

MZUV%% $5N(Q;QB)F:
*-K

UGJEND\SSI \Z36]RYV\C 9






ML&IW%\+B9FN%56C;;L 7.


AJ W<LB[=1U&6?^S/-DA6

[
:TULLQ%M*S;BZ;0?O?Q#.1GOBL_5Y


MUK(LY8GE#V^&#/)MAF*XQ@[@GU/6NL




U7GDCD\4BVDOY%7[+Y@A6?9A
M@PYP
$\

C((^E



MNKLPA





M'*1H+@
)




6L31++<PH9?]6&<#?\ 3UI&O;19EA:ZA$K-L&0;BW7&/6L
M2YT@RW[&73Y7LYH$C6*Y
0BVD\
H8 CD=
XYJM%:O-/J]E;60VR7J






F+;&@X/N?P^M
M56M+J/6#+#'(UO*[/

L[R!=

MN 1@X()[=* .L!R
CI4*WMJTPA6YA
O:@#HAJ-BPD*WMN
M1$,R$2K\@SC)YXY!_*C^T;$)YO+?;.=L1\U<2'T7GG\*P[/3[Z'1;=$LC$]




MYA280F:
3

_6LBYTJ[EG-Z+:

6SG##D^GTH W_[2L?E_TVV^<X7]ZOS'.
#GUX^M







MDBO=W
-NK' 

MF0.!NZ ]\9Z#BL1]








_VC@X4!-R@=?3\AUI]HTTGB;S+

M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% 5#:V=K9(4M+:&W5CDK$@4$^O%3T4 %%%% $4
MEM!+-'+)#&\L6?+=E!*9ZX/:I:** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** H[B.YMY()


#^#I@ ?A6O10!E_V+'M8&[N2YN/M*/\F8WY
M!Q\N
8)'.:8GA^VC&Z&XNHYA


M* 

D;&
*N1C/\/& !W/'3K5VPM196

]+110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%





LP8JL@G'SH5S],BJRZI;FW68Y4-($DC)!;



DRAB
$$+CKG\P*6YN4M[8SD%Q
MQM8)8DX 'U)% $]%5GO[=7!S(YQ\L:ER
^N

GH3_






US%#&[E@Q0$E5(R?PH6Z@;8!*F9/N@M@GC.
4


MBBB@ HHHH Q[*.+Q-JOEHJ;X8&;:
;CF3D^]7;Y8RCJ(UDGF0QJI[COGT'







2


7@\QT!*@[#C^$=ZFAM(X8?*5I67.?GE9C^9.<4X6L08D
M*03U.X\_K0!7U1V@LU9963$D:G@'<Z@]O3-9[6;&_DF6WB)
)*6[*
%01P?


B-5# ?W1D\?A^8K.M(QY9ALH0MR@WMY?EM$




A\J\.&]#

1\Z*5!SV.

M$KQ%*[J
3



0X4=VP!S[#T_P
MK0?3[5[4VWE;822=J$KU.3TZ=:ED@CD1$(PJ$%0#C&.E %(K=_VBX66$/Y P
M3&2.I[;J348Y/M

C9(].M/
*%HV(.
M8_N\].
4 9929;VT:42!3



M?K4BPHDLD@!W28W'/H


224 X )!!_F: *MG_H&G2
^UX(

 D]:E
MP
#I0!0U/=L9C [1A?F



MZG\!^% &6LEDTT[M

65CCIGG)R!P
G(J:T20:A!YB@
MLX9@H4MEE



M 



!_FZ=#
MSWS4] !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %1O*D;QHYPTAVJ
=3@G^0-25DZE

M.H&
_P Q6/9OFUL5\R



T;RDA)8P#
MC)R./K0!JPW$

^E25

]/0FK-% $(M\  2R


9
MQZXXY)JS10!!;6PMA(J.[*S;@'.=OX]?SJ

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHJ&ZN8[2'S9M^W(&$C9R2?0*30!-166GB
MPD#&
W+;2P_X])1\R@DKDKC/!XJ]9W*7EE!=1A@D\:R*&Z@$9&?SH FHHJC



%)&


M;F$:ECCZ4 6:*0'(S2T %%%(3@$G/'H
T +1573KZ+4K-;F%9%1F90)%VME6

01WH 6BJVH7L6G6C7
RR
BD A%W'D







MRV''XD#\16
FH27-K;Q?VJL-H)+B-KIY'8 J_P[#.KJ1\IR3S[UVM% '
6






L1B0E1UP?O#/Z4\R2VL(?[7$5O+'(S73S/*IDW#^


M^&ZMVL]4GFU&ZE\JZ





$GC' ]!7


8ST^7I4


UA=2SZ7^X+3B4RF/+D288DGA<$^F:GFNK6U&GFUU=Y()+S;\UP'# CE=
MQY(!QW/)QZNBHH Y.[6XU8Q17%RT$\5PCAKDLQ=67'RK_JR 3C&#CJ!56V
M=O[-TBV74OL,#VJD2R-(09L#*[@ZXQV4DCJ,<5VU% ''ZK<%[6_COKJ3[3&L
M8@1=R5
*2PC[Y;=ZXQ77(P= PS@C(R

M
G\:PI;74

M

+[
M5:S_ &FW5D%R]TSHX/4JI8XS@$@@4 ;


MSQ^-
.KZ8H8G4;0!5#'





?@ :7EK)/) ESTT?




YQ@]^0 #8FUO3(;9+AKZW

M:[W3S%W*N
Y(SP

B^:
M$^R3X) :



M7==6D


F\QD..2Q+'J1C@GU]: -BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** (%L[5
M;IKI;:$7+##3!!O(]SU[IZ** HKB&ZA:&XBCFB;JDBAE/?H:EHH 0
M  = *6BB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH C$$(G
XBC$S+M
FT;B/3/7%2444 %

MK

-A&
MX-GC'K3@00#D'O0 ,P498@#U-1PW$-P&,$J2!3M;8P.#Z5E/;O).7EPR.X






K#((.012@@D@
M$$CK[55LO/\ LUMD1B/RQGDD].*K3RF.^N2%



MG'KQR*R--F*6@GO?.6-)'9_
[ [@]!USC/X4 ='4:3PO*T22HTB#+*&!('

MO0!T


3]VB(\I=NFYL L

G0JCJC_*5\V12VW(+<L3GCCO0!I++&^_:Z




\C!
M$49+

Y&
)^[4\4SQ \J65W$781R0
4?*X#?W2.O?/'H
M: -A65L[2#@X.#WH=TC&7=5'J3BL^QS+.]SAU&W;(20-SC@@@#MCK_2LW4C'
M=R0H+A5W2HV



M'KS^8K-%P_\ 8PG8B3DDB09S\_%4T(6:$*D98N%!/.

D@?6

GH

TZ*C1MMV +G&
+
MGC)[]_I2R64LB1HVH70@A\



G/K4D


#QY
M0X] ._?O5F2.5U9?





M\GE8&

(FWP* (PR@
OMD=?RS]:B?3FGTV\M+B


)AN'$D

]/\B]10!5M[5XT



01XW#
M 9(V
&'_ *#2QVDD

LK[][J#@[0.0














M.* 



M


ML2






ML[PDKJI)ZM@' ;WZ^]



-+$JMD]#C(
MQWZ#KZ5#9Z79V+[K:$J0%R[





S3#4+3R0N#&_RC=GJ


8\O





A



AD\R.\EYRV2/*X4=2.I]:LPZ%I\!@
:3
1A6PQV]2=
MV



J$9'RXZ#GG\0#J998X0ID8*&8(


OIDT\V;2Q6)GTV.2.WOL9CM60
GE
MD9\MN5&[:/3C/2@#JU+DMO50

M

M6%D.[J?E(#=


\^HQ0 M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %5KNPM[QD:97WQYVO'(T;#/4;E(.#@?E5FB@
M!D420ILC&!UY.23ZDGK3Z** D(W @YYXX.*6B@*W@CMH_+B#8ZDLQ9C[DG
M)/XU+110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%4'UFPCO9;62=4DBEL].?\.,^F:6
MPU:SU!$:VE#%P2%/48/?T^AH O4444 %%47UC3X[N:VENHHI80_F
%'/N:M




M]AZ#VH BU6![FU$8F,N#*&;:HYQG!QR!GVS6!HX6Y.GLR1[7)#D3
SLP1O
MO @8[?YQ72W=LMW#Y
C
(F/SJO&\?W2?2H9M)LI[E9Y8$9AC((!5L @9'L:
M ,.\M#-H-@OFE8/M,:/&,_-NG7!SGMS^?:J=SRM+.T;R?9_
A)5)0K?
N3N





M!@(!L'_  /GZ5N7MFMY&BM(\91Q(&3&01TZ@BH)=&LI;80F-@5?S!*KD2!_
M[V[KF@#0HIJKM0*2 
9)R:=0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111

H5.
.GRX7/OC/:@#J;6[@O$=[=]ZH[


MOVS9)(@'R@2


MSDR#-DQB'F





%VNIL$(G=3MRN.


M.@QT&* ._HI 00"#T(I: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@CJFEPZI




M%5$4A0M(D?\ JB?O


X9L'(QQ_P#7H U:*KW+
M3F)UMT99



M

[@V[@DGIQ5RXD\JWEDSC8A;/I@4 2
MT53TF:6XTNVEN#.4'F$#'SCAOUS4&IW5UJPPB-9)FVHP)9E'=L;3T'ZXH




M?EN9%#@




OV

MW;OY\9MWR6B\L\-Z@YXSSG_]=4WM7FNKQ=LGSRX((^784CW'W)V[1^/O6S10
M!G6$&^ZN+TB6
R2


M. -Y'?( 'J/Q.-BB@#-U6U-R(F=?


KWVY'7=-E=_)(


_2G3^2-K2KN89VX4EAZXQS4U%






M^ ]*AM(Y]NGJT





/IQNZUN444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 C9*G:0#C@D9K

MK6I638V32Z;:M




MRV!2WF7_ $+]YL4##?)USWX_2@#4M9Y)K&*5E+.XY\L 8_
U7AN+MY I5V-O

?R_KQ40M9+16N'1YO
8M-'&S$

K!9;B)$:0;977
MY6'4JIR/H

M-%-(;HQL6R(]VTJ #SZY/I4

MI9!''CS'3'&YB!GO@=Z [N[B.2W41B,N_=E(( R0?3_ !Q4\=S(ZR/Y2-5

'
M+L2 ?3J* $BN[FZAM98_)B

M?SH B&I2M!=
S^Q6
M$H=9'2#S!!Y8+

9'MUK/ABGM9[1IH\K'%(A
0+8
M)*D9X]C6C;R/+ KR1E'(Y4]10!GQZ@TD[AKB&&. YEW@?






B

@;AGN



=#Z_A6@NJ6C1S.)'QVQP8F#9/3XR






M5B622/R'@*K@



M8QVDENBW


M/&1@@^E %RBLM?$.F
^T3N!L

2EF1
ME!0]&!(P1]







L;%%88R-V
9Y'&:
M+]%9%UJGG);O8S;0+N.*9)(2KX..

M PQ&#P

&NZ:8W=KGRPC*I


M48.BL

M89# Y!'K0!S]WI&HWEF5F^RBXCM)+6
K(P5]X4%F^7C &=HS]:W+-)([2%)@



M3D@-@Y S@'BNAC0)$J * H PHP!]!VI]% &%::1=Q)96\SPM!82&2&16.^0;
M64!AC ^]R03G'05;T.UN[.TDBNUA#&:213%(6'S








MD99HB4#A&#9.$XY&







%/H#GEB#Z8[]*ZRB@#GHM!D2_:XGMM.O#





MI%G2



IR#3J BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH AO))(;2:6%4:1$+*') ) [D5AS:W?B&=XX[9?)T]+W+!FW9#$KC(Q]T\





M-MHY((!)PW3AA^57[G5KG3OM7VI(I5MK03AH\J7.2
8.=HX]35E=$T]8S'Y#
M
AB




CV





: *+3N;];^WM@]Q)IAD*.6.5('OU
MK2TF]^W6S.9$=T;8V(VC*G X*-RI_IBF)HE@DD4BQ2 Q1^4H\Y\;?0C.#^/?
MFK5M:PVJN(0WSMN9G<NS'W))- &5+K%PJR7D8A:SBNA;-'M/F9WAV<XZGIC




MRIP#C((Z]: 

#Q0!!X@NKJQ\.7,\3 W1@&1%P%R0&
M8#GH3CGI4L.E:?;I&\4:QLA\X'YY
;FZMGWS5]E5U*NH96&
@BJEII

M C&

LR6


?C4Z:A+=


8Z=L4 9&A1H+O0Y BAVT@AF Y(
M!BQS^)_.M2]O+Q-7M[&W$K/[B60%B&4CC:

._K^
EMHMC:RV\L



MGJ^H7M[;0*EM CPR.[

'V?4&

M=K%2WS?-]WD#&/6M%-*LX[N&YCC9)88_*CVR


MBQO''49XS7*R7KI&PCOYT@6]MBNVY




RW;R#

2S J

]1444\=SJ6
MDW4IN(PT4ZC$[.&8
N-I'#C&2..0

M








@#IZ*XM;
MZYUVTY9-62SCELT9+@[OGFR0PRKJ-PX^5LYYXK4T6476LZBLE_)<O;2J$42

MARRX!R
C'KTKF[B[$114U246)O8EBD

T =A144
T
H(AE239@-M?=CC(S^!!J6




=Y(4CEQJP1


/S'<H#D#&


M9HK




ML\7
LNELUNS-.2T2
P7)8$KNP.



M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !24M% &9;RW
M_OGTVXC(RB.[Q[47\&)).!

H_N\N!SZ@G\^FG10!' S- A:(PDC_5D@E?;

JW7F)(Y@N1@LV..A
MX.:M7MO).S%=D8)5










MM8_:OLY-X4



MG.L:QK$N]OS L6QGZKS41@S*TKQS!FG

MY-P0$$:R.



MZU?HH JSO+) (HU*2R+R3_RS!ZD^X_G5:
*VI6\$4+I':1MDLA@G 4 ]#QN
MZ5IT4 5Y&N!=(J(#?O'\\]_IVJQ110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %17$\=M%YDK








MYSBK%QKQBCO9+6:P.VZ5!+QAD

DA$N&V'/&W;D]?O#ZT =;
M17-:W;6MYXDLH3]@


C@\8['


?AB@#:HKE
F#QTI4UN=C$HN;
B1333
M0M/<(J)Y+J [MV0DX/MSVK-M]573])N+:,QV\UG+L$5PR$QHQRH.']#@98=

M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%

M_O
6)^I/)/N:DHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** H)+2&6[BN7#^;$(D8  ]

@
M/HHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *



HVX ]!Q0!H3:S9PW;VK?:6FC 9ECM97

M;G.#O!Y (/&.M





M.?O#@G^7 !HS:W8032Q2O







MZ^6UGJ!FGN=.


H





M\T!4XQ*H&1V(()!%6*Y::XAW-U_+#;_ &9&L94N6/F2?-NYS\YSM^4Y^E,M
M[AIM0OUOM2DAGALHI2BW 40/M;?\O0XXZ@]1[4 =945Q.EM \TN[8@RVUQQ

MYP=P/(R.!@\U?\






M!U!;Z-F)21-V 

J
JY4%5).3VZ'CK5NN)L
M_LD




BR-$Q&
MZ8RON
@C\Q201+#&$4D\DDGJ23DDU)10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 5-3L4U




#]0: .4O[-[G

X.34]UIMYJ4!EBMVM2ELD2H9 OG8=6Z




M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **:'0N4#*7 !*YY H1TD4
C!E/0

M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444



M^@_V@LLMPEN)CDHB+A0W]YFQEC^7TJW;Z4+?4)KN-H\F



2((R
M


E]$\\5L\;




MSVY^[WSUS0!5\53M;P*7A$BR2(B!;A\D9!/[L*1TSZ_TJN9O.B

15C+1R227+-MQSP3FK MI([^2:)45/(5$'09
M#
.3[4 <\;F9GN[F1S;/<R.F'=5Q&J J#


M;OF08 ^4#OP1S@8/?I5S3AJ$1\B[BMS%&@31,07QQRA''YF@_1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 45S_ (YABD\+
M7CR1HS1A60LH)4[@


M/U35+O2[F[;[&OD-








#'#@[NG'6KE% &?-HEA- D#PL(40H(TE=5

M8.QRI_

M.SS)&N9-S;3D?


M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH






M45!:W'VA


M8MXW8W' ';D@?RJO'JR26MM*L3
\^T!4((#%=V



MXL




M1L2-0\C.XR =V




MEN$AM&N'#!57=MQ\WTQZT 345!'.3

. 3GG^(?AQ^=1W=_%:RJC$9
M^\^3]Q


BJ$^I&<0F
%B





MM

JJ5#[?F

M S[-H+J=%91$%5B#G)!YR3[?I68RKYK!HC(L;&50%4G=)YN-WZ8[@D?AT$
M-O# 7

21ESN;:

4 9NDPQK8O;AMDI:9-Z ;@ Y&1
M].*AOC%9N+=4@+L/W99




?H%&?3)]*TXK2WA4+%!'&H.X!5




MI9LL8M]J\3'



;I



M%O;J2?F4'YL],UKA%#EPH#L V.2!G'\S^=

M]42QMS%BEO&$9CQN;&5'O@ U?O;8#0[U&+^6(W8(VWCG'3MGG_PM6D+:



1R/\YH
MRK-)5N8(TD0R0P()AG(Y)R/S''TJ 20O

M:.[I&JLYRY P6/OZT-&C%2R@[3D9[&@#)L(ECO;12JK(8IY'48RNYU.#]
XK




9([2[CF
?SW!





Q1#]KRDB_

M!(R1]!W_ #ITT
4Z;)HTD3(.UAD9%$L

MPI:$E@^/

MHP[!&BY23=C[1@8!'J #S[^U;=1RPQ3*%EC21000&4$ CO4E !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %5KR\2T122A9G1=I;'!8+G\




M^ Z47MX+
]4]-@M
M180@S2 A<8^T,/TS0!H6UP)[83%3&#G(8CC!(_I5:+4@[P+)'Y9E0N0225_N
MC&.I )QVP:;BWELKFTB8&.(%7&_<2
X/US4)C1Z48@0S.2F
G]RWKQTH



M=$5E
1C9WD+8VX. 





BDG]W+$%QM
M(&!W].?H: )WNV2%V\B0R(3B
=7 ZE?7CI4B7


K


MBC16'F
C$G&0.H.



A4!=N

%#;@?F&TY_7Z_2@T;]%N(XV* %':1M_%
M=N1_X]3KZ\6TMA
-KY90!NQD%@


M+/@





M1I
D27$L;&$K*T:1EE^9NIZYQR3^ H OV=XES CY4
5W$ Y _&JMSJPM]/O+
MDQ9:W5W$8/) &1NX^7/\J=I[QH([47@DFCCR5&W:WJ1WQGWK'U6(_P!A:MDE
MW7SRSE3S\OM0!T


 -HV@9X
MYR?UJ6&030I( 0'4





MY;:H&X^]#6\+0I$8E
:%2JXX&T@C\B!^52T4 )2T44 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !114-U.;


].:NZ=
M=B_T^WNPA03QK(%)SC(SB@S116;+JS)J$ME'IUW-)&BN2AB *G(!&YQW!_*
M@#2HJ.0RPI(8WB+#)1\;E]CC(I?-3SO)W#S-N[;WQTS0 ^BBB@ HJ(3K)YJ
MP
W84BRH\CQJP+IC<!VSTH ?1110 445'-+'

S'@ =Z )**I6U^9]3N[
P
@MTC
8&3@J2/PSF@#0HHIK%P5V*I&?FR<8'MQS0 ZBBB@ HHHH *
M*HR7TWVXV]M:B98RHF;S I3=T(&.<#D\CVS5Z@ HI0!DG %44U1)=1M[:*

-K $# '7^('\: +]%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %)2T


QCGAA[5TM% '*W20W.J1236-X\)T^5-
MLEO(RYW*5!&






D

A:5F!QTX)P/PJS0!



M@

HH Y32M-Q9R







PF1K&[\M/*2*1)4W[@N<
#D8;D\
M\CVI8-





M3E@\.W#6QMY[^.2)C


\XK-F\
=33EPH









Y/TS6;'K5

5D0Z


MR)= 
VGBTDGAD57=D+P9*;FSD$

WK@'MFAM&7[L

8**=O''!)Z?F:FO=4M;*XF\Y;C=!;

(JD*%XZGL.IJ#5=(N;^:=


!F;E-VX%2,=1ZT 4-%U,FUM8+A;EW=))W (<JQR/

MR[D;]W_ ^
5$WA^273$L[BY@D*

MK

/3MG'


M!Y)4%?





M$

CJ/I4U[97
]_;W
%S%%
MY.H5X2^2PZY##T''UK.B\.2"RMY[R.6WMI+9E$!4R(X /.[@X4?K0 [6-
M0FFT#4)(8[RRDB@



F A)904)/)X;L
=L]JL'6[.'SG
M$=VQ^V+;
-C'#D*!@'HO(]

M48WO9K9(I6
!R.H!L5W8QG/3'.


Y#+#],;2P(RO?!!^HK,O+XM;*TM99WDV/(


 0V


3S@]NW.*S

ZA&=SH(11U))(_(9)[J]QK]K UP/)N7

MYDO%.H18N;5;8_Z




4KQ6:74:QAA





^IJ


MD0LS

NI/%:67FVT
PAD;*CL3DN
9Z;3G


IZ$'(KGX-0U*YO
M--VRVZ^=!

3S2WU_HM[(


L8F$)D7S2I

B$^4P4-@\_

'KQTZ52@^UB_L;@2

MVLB

^M2_;M7CA


M5KZ35XK2)[5


M\Q=Q;*MC;SQC;G)S0VJW


M[V\OIW:S^SK!#




L\A!0'[OWN.^#U!.:O7]Y%I]E+



MC#!4T 4GT#3G$H:.8602N%N) PZ'AN


^




@Z @G'
M_PNMB@#/;1K%K.6U:.1HI0%?=
Y9@.@+9W8]LXI)=$T^8YE@9\QB)LRO\
M.HZ!N?FQZG-:-58;Z*:_N+-%D$MNJ

MNRJ0!@94'!P 
9':B#2+.WMFMXEE6-G+G


]0&SNQ[9K0HH H2:-8R3+*8Y%9
M8COES.@'J


MXVG .


MA3RT(F?.W.0I.?F ]#DI[73[:SFGF@5P]PVZ3=*S GUP20/3CT'I5JFNQ4#
M


8QBIOL%N;-[1E=XI 5;?
M(S
1_O$Y_6K5% %2?3K6X


SLQVC.
Y/)Y/)YYIU[

M=OI=REXSMA%

M YX' QCIVQ5JSM(;&UCMK966&
856


M=% &;-H6GSM.9(I#]H01R@3R 
HZ# ; 'T]3ZFIAIEH&9MCEG559C(Q)V]#G

M4_D#]15JB@#


\\=U';&:
FM=2XOXFU<W\=


99-N%.




M#K?+%






MD8J*._B299FU9Y&74S$-UP NPC[I48!'U'%=910!Q8NK2V@UF:WU
QNM^G(N




5+D#!'&% /OQ3QJ7EVMOYEV8/+OHXV*W?FQRCC(#M\Q'



.
#:3GCDYP?2I+VXN8%)MK59]HW/ODV#'H#@Y/MQ
M]:J06IEU=;Y+%[)@&69F9
S]

MD6WEQ#&9&R0.




M
+]U/




;2-*V5F3+* !@*3U& 



1[&X!?J3G'/4#\Z9I:

]J )=.EN+FW2YF:
)

/<_EBC28(H+6V0VVR<0A7;R\8X&1G_/2EBL_
EE.YH@LC@ *.00H[

MU*D@1H._TJYY$/\ SR3_ +Y%  L\3LRI(C
@RP4Y(K+NM0GM)7:22
-




M&Q#+CY2!UY-59M1N%NS$JB
%5PKJ&.2)#R0V



M/KS5*X:UOKXW,=[#Y]RLB*W:0



/X5&2.AQD



MFPZ1P8CR


VD
]P\F]TCY50V.O8E0

M)&]CY2*GROM!W+W4XSZ=.] $ OKD^8/+9#YX0-(%( XXP#GO4FFWD]V)6.PC


=@1G\:MR3M96$D]VZR&-2Q
:$9] !DG/
M:LYK:.33(5-L6FWQ

@!/:I;$M;Z1:!XWWKB[ .<[1Q0!E_+]KN0P4)%M4HSJ-K8R3
MGTP14\]S)%;I)
K1


MGC+O]ULMM!.2



T*9
_E+DR$-N7: 



MGHK.MK]1!=3S-(8TD?!\L_*J\'MZ@U9:=#M*W$:9 .&Z\_C0!8HK
LK[[19V

M.V\

Y\
MK.T!21^)P?R- &K14


MS[4 :]%5Y?


MM%%-8E5R%+'T&/ZT .HK+&I$ZVUH$EPL0RN%QN)SUSUP/U%6+VXDBL))-KQ2
M8.


_ 9SP@_O'_#O

$8[C^
M= &A156.[9VF^6


4




EV(Y_*

M1QZ4 :%%9

MX)- &A166^I






R/!((IEVPX&1'TR& ^
M[G /X=JNA[@7IC:

UGRVOE7U
MB8U9OWKM)(1DD^6PR3^0_(5I44 5X;2.%I=N2DC;]AY53[#MSS]:SP]X=+GD
MQ/\ : )=F$7L6V\8SZ5L44 4=2$_V)5MUWL\D:2#;SL+ 
?; )-5VC$MX[I9
M/B$



MN_K4%IT%];0!9EM:M&9&7 .2F
'_@)K3HH QYHE_M*80QS/
8B [[L*6/&
M&/  QV]/4TZVMIM


+\Y;&/







M2-F]0.W.






M^2!A)


]

MJZO;Q)25CB6R&6;;*3D8.%^[U[_A[U+9221PV]MY

MLRUOJD*VDDSR

K

:QQ




MQ18FR
Q$N1@D

:=2^
M9;Z=/SK

5C)
@?.6&!S@

K
9=T;




KCJW



2&4 2%1N Z ]ZI





M'\6

(

94*^TD8YY
MSQVJ:R+6ZR9M[AFVYW




U(%


3J%8?
0Q*XQD 9'K0!J75XT/D8

MC\:K27EY]K:&
1L5VN0

M@M[Z3SEMVE)PRJ)'MW!8G)QZ#C'/Z4M] \TF(4)(@^3/ SN&
Y_K4;0R#4(Y
M)XR9&E4(P^;!23D@#'/K0!L4E5Q]J_M$_,GV3RNFWYM^?7/3%6 1@C(- &
M5=W5ZLY:+

M?

(+'*M\N P/7'UYH EDNIEBD)3 ^SF591T!
MQT/\Z62=ULH6


P1CDG!.Y_





M[2RQ1QJ3@MY_R'C'' [9/Z T :%%4YKS_B6&\MQNR@= 5/.?:J[W]PK1@QE5
M:159FCP 
\_Q4 :E%127$41 =\9&1P35.RU..6T\R=@&WN
*AZ!B!Z]@* -&



E@#^AJPEU')++%&'
D2AF4J5ZYQU^AH GHK
GU-X[V. 1!
#?+


M!DW(23O.

I*N
JP)XQ]

MM5*K=-&F5BM_-7*G[V7'..WR?K0!J457MKG[0

DN)




M





M.._W36G0002!D=* 
^7<3JD




OF*MR-S1_.=V23TSSDT^W:*&%[N29X46:0L74KN!R





M &;';?:I)UD.(5G+84D%FP


D=U!

MP


PN8[A(3&T0QO,6,-GM
MQU^GO5)TN1YS/$7O@RO;\@_+QQZ+T(/UXZXK=I, $G'6@C9RJNE(;/]_P4
MNW:QVL2.H/HWMZU;@E$\$<P5U$BA@KKAAD=.QI]+0!FZO 9-/NY)CD1PR;$


+Y

<1
MH(E= HW*P96/)(&0.OZU;TR0-:FW!69.93(I!#L26)'?G^?6M*B@#
CM(DU
M(PD%U:WRY8Y+'=U/O_+M4EQ9W#Z:;?SO-D$BLKN
?*'!&?4@#\:OTM &3?J8






M






G\*BAU023
Q]0.P-4@T,5Y;S!6ALS@LQ& )<$ $_\Z]
J!0!?GU 171



MO7C@UI6-[92)

M4QHM\(E D=YT7:


MWA^WNBM:PJ)1LZ[I.!D8R
C\ZEU25'FTF1'=D%TV612Q_P!5(.@% %A-1\V9








"10!9AO))--6Z*Q@X+-N8JH SSG![H7U-UAFD1+:

9.&R


;15*^!


D6.$^9)L7=C ..

)

@5_E)X*LW&._P M-L]0-PS*8F)$
MSQDJ

=S
PPP
M49SESR3C^('! [Y)Z@U+H[%1-#.2+L$%T;J% J?H0.W<F@#4IDOF;1Y6S.?



MX-2S7'ES*HVLH^^
_


D
$J3.R
'@/38Q[_ $I]TT4=

H%49-2*W$L2VTCB
(Q(5LD-G) QVQ^-69)95/R0[EQG);'\Z


MT 7




TJ%7 4O










M8%



M(#DCH3]* 



M(+94+R)NQRQ.#GCC'YTEE9I'
KYJSSLA)&&
BL
CU&ZMHQH005!!.3QU

M+QD[2_!)Y)([\U.JA%PHP*=0!D:M!)%I[A&CVF:-B60EB3(O?/\ D5H1B1=Z
MS21
2

MIV5QSY;?N\9YK0E97&I
[1.H$8^:38N0

8'H/;

2LL42(K-N(50

0-P.!GK^&.*L3H+33
MG!578RJ$GY8V9@%QD\ $@XJ^]O!(VYX8V;U9032K!JE5BCDY(C!H Q[N
M.1IIB7Q]E2



 !?F] 
\YK
M7O@GD1_
 H(**H)+$= 


&
MWW 2_:Y4MV%RQ1V+

=S#'4TKQHY0NH8H=RY'0XQG]30!@(T?E.N8B_]H_WOG_UP[5)K%N?


M@0($4*N
#' Q2T +1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !3)3((F
**\@'RJS;03[G!Q^5/IDKM'$SI&TK 9*0WL
D#\S0!GZ9JR
MW6EQ7UZ(+-9E\Q%
^[Y


MMOW!:W





JQ(R#MR/
M?VSKZ1:I;I+(MI/;/
0T@GG
KL0
9)W-V [T 6C=VPNA:FXB%P1N$1

MCKBHGU*PC


@ #.#
M\RMV&




YQFLQM.OI]#N+67'VA4\F(E


M: 1QW



[MP *]

MG$D;LR$
 BKV8D?=)Y[4 
UC78;&&[CMY()+VWA
WDN^





VT2&9=I/IG.
UCIIMVVG:A#%:&V9KP3QHQ0+
M*H93M^4G&=IZ^M6#ILU\VH3R1-:&YCC5(WVLRR)DAS@D9R5_[YH TI+R NT4


M=/M+^TBLFFL'F06*VLD&]



6^73]
M.6XU26&-A@.R'D]L9]:R'LKVW6S
5A)(%OWNFCB=/W:D
 OS
.?FSQQUYZ9
MUM9@EN-
EC@3S)

M.&[5=:YBB$TDUSL49Y)(7R^/XB3_A7/WEG?RG5&739]Q=6\D9$D?S*FS/)



TIEG61T!0J22

MW$4J/R[@ZL

%IH;RWDB4[6=)5*@^A.:#J5B$B<WMMLE;


O
/#E<9Y)!_
@#4UG5AI
MXB2%[=YVEC5HGDPP1F[@HY/)%6[Z^M]/MFN+N58XP0





G4%L[?QSCWJM

2P0LMV\9)BC


M@@NY'G222-OS$*V



MVX.
U'+K=O#93WCPW'D0












M 

]?2@#4HK-




MV?4_M%PKQW^#M2
J4(4+UW'/ 'IS6K4$-W!//-!%*KR0$11_3T!H J3:;-


ML4*#+



H6 S




M7+F#
XC=8%&X$
K+NY'/J*VJ* (XUE$.'D5I

_3/3\?QK


MD09.48 C.
@D889]
T 4ELI;2\FO;N=9XY8(X&BBM6)XSSPS'!+-VZ8YXR;.



M51/

@(;+G PI(Z$\XZ=.IJ&VOK:[




=:O44 8]II%U;M8[KV)Q:E\@6Y&\-_P/C]:G


-IQQSNZ#\98--EMY9TCN5^QSNT



M;QYA3#9 S]TX_/I3J 

M0HKN0& // +#/0AN]2ZO8S:A;QQ070%)DEW/$7SM(8#&X=P*NNP12QR0/0
M$G\A3J 
8Z)*^IPWLEXK/#.TJ$Q98*RD%

WD\R)RNX X(.1D9!!(ZU=HH Q6T28W-O<K=
MQB5;C[3
32)&V;,#YOE&WZ_X[517$\5M99GVH
#.



FGV\%WF:]@
MQDD9(\

-E3M4XX)QWYXK

8JE?Z
MY=K
5LI$A-ES:7:!_=.1CK[]J 
MW4KZ^LH=87^T) ]K:PRQ



9_*F

5N-IM@PA#65L1!_J@8E_=_[
MO''3M34TK3DB\I+U6/=NV%0
^N

M@=-1DBDE5_E:-]QVX&-QVJ
_0#M3TTS3XV9DL;96=/+8K$HRO'RGCIP./85-
M!!#;1*WBCBC'1(U@?@* 

MO_9EA\W^@VWS!@?W2\[OO=N_?UH P]

GE!?F+(J=_?=T]



M:6]M#)$K%A
1YZX QP3U (S3/[.CDM)8;H)*T[!YF$8 9ACG!S_=&.IX'-


MH+F$PW$


F?PZ#BKXTVP&_%E;?.6+?NE^;=

M\EJP47*


;4D\L;E'H


ME.Z1!$NUSZD8YI7T^RDA:%[.W:)FW
C1*5)]2
=: 



MJ=RZV]Y(9XBL9S$LA!/W
]!G\!CMT.GL\D+3O,TB2N7C!X5.V

MDUGE'2V\J!9F)G(B^9\C!.01S[G-6E4*H51@ 8 H Y^+4;R3R;P3$A[QK9[/

M%P1@RA!O(]
]:;:V%G9%C:6D%N7QN\J



!I7NFM<D+'&F'*A@=K$'@#G(YZ5
MTL4
4$*PPQ)'$HP$10% ^E0Q:=8PV[V\5G;QP2??C6)0K?48P: 
CSM8AGT^




MR:A?0KK%P]UD64FV.-8UV %5(+?Q';N[$9Q3YWU$O=6EIJ#3.+9;B&79'N!R
M?E/RXPV..



CA0H# CH2?7BHH-0U*[FA1[L
M0*]E-(3'$N2R.%#@MG@@YQCH?H1N?V7I_P!F^S?8+7R-V[RO)7;GUQC&:673
G6,0B$=G;IY))
MCVQ*-A]1QQ4TT,5Q$T4\:2QMPR.H8'Z@T <SJ#W5S:^1-=2 VVIPQ+,JH#(


M

#]?RH ZVJFH:A!IT<;W&[;)(L8VC.
G&3Z#WJMH E2UECD@2
PQMY$*1&!OM%G(=X/5D.5ST XST]

M1

M*XR]MXF&IB*PNB'T]#&/LLG
_P V#T^^

-2ER[
MV\I80MOQDD9VG*?UZ&MCPU:+9V,T0M/L[XE+?N]NX;VV_4;<?A0!I7DYMK2


:1VX8Q:==/YFG*)%\F1#(X[
V




M[KY1QNQ^[(;)(.



MB12_P#%T0_

$X^M '245RHTV:35]VI27IF1XVMY((E92 J
MY&_:2F6#9!8 YK9US;_9^'M#=*74-'M9AC/4JH)8#TQS0!8OKHVL*LJ!Y)'$


^NFPLI8;B21&21;4H7C 3S K
M


M\

MM_-U&X%[:RW$


^O% '3TV0N$)C56?' 8X!_'!KD;ZUR=3::UN


ZBL1?AY$CMO
MO1F/!*JRD,-XR0 ?7TKH]&MH[33HX87N&B&2AG7:V<XQ@8'H
#% %?^W44L
MT]C=PPI+Y3S.$*JV0.=K$XY'.
5K5SMG8IJ4]X)Y;]8/M/F?9Y(C''(.
'+(


M.FMY98)XTBO5MAJ#/
/)+



M\DBJ
#:=R88#'WOF[YJYX?FDN-!L)IG+R20*S

M
1(N/G4$ ]&VD].<C/;- UN'['!=O!/';RPM.7;;^[4#^(;LY.1P




M:=%9TVL00S


O7/'T [4 ;M%%8$EQ-/J]UYD.H(EF4
?DNN']05#?-N]QP/[IH WZ*R7

+I+=H\?


MTY
B)M4@8W







YVYS[^GK0!K45B



M;RV

2DDX'_ B3^0[5J44 5[2.ZCCQ




5KTUG5



D6S\QD\_YQ5BB@[@^TVSPG







M



'CGZ_A6K3!(AE:

M^!_(T-(BNJ



(I;:0NI9-P.5*D8R.Q-9]KH-S9W4$L6HJZ
M0^=M66#)S(VX\AAQD ]/7GIC=HH P[#0KG3UMF@OX_-BA%O(6@)61 25XW9#

K


M=QM
(&MX7$) 1&QDD;N6X'.1]*V** 

M5'DBC9PKD@' SVJS5;48I;C3KB& (9)(V1=[%1R



4D\$D$
LT=
MH)E$61O?)&


=

?V@+E/
4L
MI/H0.OUK%BURYFG58G@:.XM5DMW\E@/,.W*GY_]H'MP?:NBJFFEV2 + !Y
M$C2Q_


MS/-;LL0RH
!RO[I2


M&&S\I_)@(
7[U]T9'3#9W#TZ]..E2MIUH]D;-H%

.^W[I
MSGJ
'.#@GVK5N-.M;FXBGE1S)$I5
2
H /48!P:AET.PF1UDCE8.ZNQ\^0$E

;D L#G QGI@YQUYJ
:O?+-
M
@H 33]2EGU:UN=L4BEBL31LK;

8R!BM&7?Y3^6P5\':6&0#].




1D$9SWW?GQ


P%Q(Q)'
M;?D$J.

[WM[IEQ;O
M;O/^]0RF)EV_*.J$[NO\.1]:TTTBS2=Y@LIDD149FGD;(7[O5NHQUZ\GU- T


%$C#YMO3(.#CVXJOK4EW'
M]C6SGCB
EPJ


PR

M
T 8_P#:U^RWD7G6C2):-.DD

 AZJ 3T_EVI?['LLPD1.K0K


M.AVEQ=RK)++&'W*NWJ

XI]G
M9P6-N(+9-D2]%R3C\Z *FL7\]G]GBM(?-GN'**


MYP

MWVEE:7


M



M-$=KQ?MKB:-@@@

]?E]Z +LEY''?0VC*_F2JS*0ORX'7G
)FNO-)5FPWS-GL



]

E](
MVK
6@U*%$!GA4;;N&T8!'WQSG&T]P30!U[28#; 9I *J1D=/4^AS3ZX^YG





MA

MTS7\2:E'8%9/.DC


DBNIKEWMI5


MNHCD:


M*/)+)K





_EL1T(5



M



8&02
'DCIF@[15&;5;*UB





&K6-PQ6.?HAD!964
@ZLI(PP]QD4O]J6GE+(

@CUI(T6- B# %9]U?Q.7CM;U5N?LS3)&


GL: -FBLR+5H(-/

\^8Y$$@=49@%/1F('R

MTH T**HRZM91112M




E@
M#E2

;6[7S;1(Q-)]I=D!6%_E(S


9 A(SQD#OCZ?04 3T444 %

M9'BM EM \




M2S:FMXL/D78 4QNV[A=O(P

M#Z=:W** *MA;K:VH1;:WMAG)CMQ\BGZX&?K@5S^C(^J02I$]J]I'J
D^])27

+(S1ON9CM8[01PY'0]
M ?:ISI
\EM?2




8J;5[*2\A4



H&S&




M


H-Q)N5
M@@7B0#(.1UQT/0=*ZB@M:+):V[F#M&I+R

MM!YA5X9-SEB&7!&




MM;E% '-QZ#






M.X.
&J%QI5R=








[-MY=)LN/

$&I+72S8\6MQ-B2X



L4ASM


EX+7Y)01RH8
M




U/KMO--H%W:VT;SS2Q&-1N ))XR22!4

 KU[\D^IH EEU*Z69X([.*2XBC\V5!.0 A



'TS@$'U!

D#^'[N
=LXS[U=H **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

=




3.Y.P/Q@;1\N
8YH Z&BL;6+ZXLKJV9541_-UD(#G'0@#)QG
MIWJ&+4;I-3D25^'V%8_L\N2H^\5';KS0!OT444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110!S&J6%U=B[GMO/CCD^9_
12TF  %1=N5'UY]N]:5E:W46K2

DYQELY.

VLID(D! ^8^H( !7TX%:U% &;KD3W-
MHEO#N\Z1_DP.%..6/L
Y_3O6+J%E*NC7JW$$QVK(D

:[PTC+M#].G( ].?P
MZRB@AJJ0O %FFN$!Z)!]YSZ8 Y_ESS6!_92EK*RFAF\V2X,S(D01)R2 X7

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB




&&
_?^GZ^O ?#$CV-K:27

!N.!QW_@W-XBM8WA07
JSVQN8V15PR 9/4@@X]:D?

.5EC/8KNX/3G/X4 30ZMNU:^C(N2L$$;B#
MR!GG)R

M=:C

M/I0!JZK=75MH[W%I$TTRJIVH
MC(W$#N0
G%9]KK]LFFW-ZMY+?PVR@R(459

_
M3GZU$=+EET6]D\V2<:8UK# +=D9<K@@@\DY&



M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 


M

M(XE !)) Z ]O3CUQ0!T
DJ1!2YQN8*.
\GI4;W=NDHB:5?
)P%!R?R%9MSYK


MX9P ?3/7']:2P1WOEV

*H!XQUXZ8'K5QR%TFX$=O





M0T\%@\31LY2X92V_:JXXW=_F4?G6JUSEPENTJB:0%D0GE@.N* ):BDN(8C
MB65$.

S
%W$[#
MC'UQBG^?%YKQ%L.BAFSP #G'/X&L^R1Y+@R1
^V

9%4= 1[GD^N:9$


Y
M8]!5#0VF_LJR!6
1^6!]XDGCCM2:RDES):V\'
BN9\=OD!QG_@17]: -6H8[
MF*2-7C+


MKZU3$DTJEF4M(V&*[#R5/!Q[''Z4 ;R.KH'1@RL
@@\$4WSD\_R=W[S;NQZC
MIFJRQ//IJJQ


M[G\JJ7*(+LH#&0/*!)W ??/7- '0TR&59HQ(F=IZ9&*S;K8(;4[$=55VVX.T




3
MGUW8]ZT(DD6-@B^7\^1YC&3(_/B@!#J%F1]IBR!D@
VY2%Q(-DR[D)&!C&<
MGTX]:GR


RLL$$#%9);
M&W&\?P+\^3^7 ]R*T=1*A1OC=P@)R0=BG'WB1SD@S%=6\[E(9XI&49(1P2



M/WRV
ODY;/UR?SJ'^S%29I+:XFMRR@
$VL#@DY^8'GYC5OSH_M'D;OWFW?C'

Y  R3CT IT5G#!&5B#+G/S%BQ!)R3DY[
M\T]+B%_+VRH?
!*8;[P'7%)+=00G$L@4^X- $=O:-;VBP)
Q()+2
 68DDD^
MG4GM4)TBVW&16D2?M
C;6'X#C'MC%3I?6TCA4EW$MMX!.#[^E2F5!


'(/';\10 Y;=08]S
XC





9ZHO (]SUH@NX;B1T




Z [=V=W
M&/K0 R.P5$N5\Z5FN#EG+ 
. 

'!*DCCWJ
Q8]\$]<#MZU$^G6\I+
MS@RRXP)6.&7_ '2


I*'C]* %DA$DL4A/\ J\X'KD8J.\M!=Q
RR1C()V$
M?

]-QQFHO[0M



MZ@T 0+9(+B25F+!I/

M9

M01R-\HQO(&3ZGTI1=PE@H8DF0Q#G[P&2/TZU/0!MM$(W1EWB3[Y;DM]:+:
M V\93SI91GY?
.2H]








#/X'-2O


S
M 9]B:DN+;[1\LDAV?W0!_






M/E.




JT1);QT1()$D)DN%



M@CGCWSQB@#*:(BZCEA0NTH


T:RB(

M9[F


M'E 8\EB&7\R-WZT^*U6
SDN\GG')W8X&
8&* *^CM-_9MB&6
)]G7HQ)/ QV

4 9VEKBXU=5)7%RN

6Y/ &/I

Y]*K6F
M);[*2L]N9'6


;@H0\9;GIUYZBM

M

R
+6=)'D1I?


MQDA51E6


C-+(63.#D=^/2DBLTBC6-9)=B1^6J[\ #IV[\=



\ D







O6K&ZX^T7,*OEBJX?:!L'.3[GT'_UZ
M +45W;SL%AGCD)S]UL]*=Y\7GF#=^\AR






LACED9(]MM;(LQA=7 )&3DG'## /0]C[T
G\JCCW75N&GMQ&V<A7PV/?BLV+:]_Y<:P-*Q FC
7^

M]Z -^BJXN8H3;PSRJD\PPB

M3$$=B


R0L HR[[3GN 3QZX]
5H::+F\!BQ*&F7: /NJ
M0




ME60G/MU]* #[5!F0-(JF-@K
M;CC!/3\\C%/ED2&)Y9&VHBEF/H!65Q=:A'9LH\RW(EN'P
N%_P!7^9.?;!]:



MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B


M4Q.3




V,4U+#:
MTC/=7$C2*%)+ $ $GC:!ZGGK5RB@A)I:Y!M;F:T(&!Y00@#T 93C\*DAL0D


M!GGBM%O

E%C
A*  9'E@D-]0
\XH U**RM9D\[1O.B^T EXRJ

2.3Z9[T ;E



H*L
G(4D=.?SQTJW0 4444 %%%%

K!)

L@RPR-N

MNOH+8316=PVXQF

A. GRA

M




MV

M$CQP) &C+%B&;;E1QU+#O\ 2K*:TLB$Q65T[!WC#9N8HQ#8RV.
?J
9YP
M3QZ1IL4BR1Z?:(ZD$




MAM9[L1RP2

I8$9; X!ZD=/ID U:*S9=46&*YG:&

F0NS^ C/\ %Z$'

M;AN!*G[V
':1_/% &G16/#K9DC:62SN8]AG&P&
[O+;!_BZ_ET/ME\^O006T

I@4Q;P)B%VY'&[G [5
M2L]81-%:ZFF6[

48A\\L^S

M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

A8NLYW%RW^D



M65\X4J.C@C@XX//?-:]% %7[#&UO!%*\K^258-YK@DCIDYR?H2??-5K[1TN/

!77'X$5IT4 4(=)MU7
QDFD
7E
SRN0RYST+'\^3[T

C[3+@A_OC[W0

M#U/3';I5VBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *

8 &[HQZ ^^T?A6E-+'
M!\LKA(XU+,QZ #J:R)]'O9UO-]_ &NA'DBV.%*_\#[UIW%NMU9R6UQ\RRQF
M.3;QD$8./2@JNK1B&26:VN8$4*5





%VHS' !PW/) R
CWJLNM+(C_:[

71&,)N ;$
MS_:!#Y?S!]V[&[/W=W.,?C4,6AW:#=?PL8KU[LXMB


KR ?
RKM!/L



MUBN8&W12J'4XQD&LFUT*ZM5ADCOX_M
+2[7^SG8RR-N92N_/WNA!%;2!E0!F
MW-W.
9H YZWOI)+^]N;H7T?V:Z$




V?F #'' ^M1VFBWMM/
M:RF_@?[
DJ@?9B

9)W$#OTS
MFK]I.+JUBG$;QB10P5\9 /3H2/UKFIM




_IGM7LM N+&XMW@O81%;B8)&;;IYC;NS#@8'Y'UXEL-$ELUTW


Z12;09$'



MC=(]FU6QDD9.6X'/ ]J8^D7C
&^WP_\ 'H;8YMCW_B^_[=* )XM:MW61Y(IX



M- %^\U-+6\BM!;SS3RHSHL:C! Z_


M2[HK5V

MULRR6(M[.9UN)'C?)0&
ID$'YNH([9X'&:KVNFW
R63I-'$EK




MT)'ZUF76FQ?9+;3HO.\U9!*)@AXRV7);& 2&;CKS6R %  & . !0!SD^K7
U
MS:
(+FW1+\P% 5(F&Q^.3G*CT'/?K5R;Q)906B32AHW=WC$,CQHVY#AAEF

M9#N92N[GD#!!'2@#5LKN&_LXKJW;=%*H921CBN?2[N3?7T$NJ:DIBN!%%Y5H

?I65#INIV\MV\.HVJ_:I3(=UHQ*G:%


M@-N9@

MU+%*X
!;#)MZ?

 @X/IG\:
RAWJ^%/VAG&69L=0<CO['\* -&BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH IG5=.6X-NU_:B<-M


ME-VBM:2E8\@ _/T3!(!!YZ@^V: -R66.&)I976.-!EF8X 'J35:WU73KJ416








ME ?E4+@MTZ+T!.*K[UA8[2V-P_G7;S



7NI6SR6R7I=8[JW3SVB4N
MRR-@KP N1USCH1]:Z.)&CB5&D:5@


MT6H(QCU!(L
[

;[?X6&



7VL





X![T =%17
ZMJTR::UU9WDWFQ0&8PB%!G#
M$9?=T'!&!@\'&:MHU[?:C?PIJ3P)$(S%Y





#^59


MD-R]S%:P).^=\JQ@

99+6!Y3C+M&3@Y'/M5BB@K'IMC%;O
M;QV5LD$G+QK$H5OJ
8-*MNYNO.E=&5 1$JIMV@XSDY.3Q[59HH 9+%'-$T4J
M+)&XPRL




))Q S*P 0^_K^% %F2&*5D:6)'
;;D+*#



N]T6WFAV6T-G#F3S'5[8.DAP
M1EE!&3SZU);Z1:1V9MIK:VDC9M[1B +$&QV3G'ZUH4UY!WJH.3C!SQV[4 
MJJ*%4!5 P !@ 57CTZQB:5H[.W1ILB0K$H+_ %XYJU10!3;2M.:W6W:PM3 A


4D1L;;RY6WNGDKAV]2


CJC LHP6Z9YX_'KVS0!;JN^GV4D!@DM+=X2Q8QM&
F_)X(/%::%RS[U4*#\A#9)&!UX
MXYSZ_P!* '*H50J@!0

CN!^&:OTT%][ JH3

M(R*70$*Q'(SUP?PJ'^S[+=

@



M!!!!Z$4 5?[
T_R4A^PVWE1MN1/*7:I]0






M@!J6UO';?9D@B6#!7R@@X]

1OI]HR#&%
*D#'3C';)I=*OCJ-
M@MRT)A+.ZF



M '%V

M\ATS*-N 6(P#@.!GU&.HKM:* .6CL4AL6DMDOY87FC:XMY(!&2H)W8157/;.
M =P&.:EN;&SDETJ6VTUS;Q7+DJUN05!1NBL








MXLY)YKG2EC)6


C=0: .4O;);?^T@NGS!I=0AD#P6[
M$M&/+8X*C.




5X]

 D5EK;2+9V9:QN4:+2I8)Y=ACV
H4@$\$C
M*G&

&


M;:S:=_9\BR-;;=A7S7R1Z%LY/YU8BC6&)(TW;4  W


&/F'RP
A=OJ
$CUQ6O%I]K;^(HY8M/C1/LP$;I  $(





M\C (/UYKG[B-V\10W$-@Z-%=8DE$3EI$

Z




M:V97L/L]G
Z74CHV2H
97(((+=01VSP#C/%7KV\2SB5V1I&=PB(A +





M5=2$OGH%\HK%

4
T8%JTOVE&3Y3S@\G/;'0_UJ

MZ4 06FM0I9@W2S1*V28RR@ .I&,CG/7U JQI6L6NK7[
WSQ$!TWHV
]#E2

5V_
'
MZ
#\QZ@U#=:&\HGCM[O[/!-'

RP9#.BAN0
D  [L_ASD8S56'7+79;
M1V\-W


YQ










GG_.* (+W5(K21T$



K8Y89Y/ /!'3ZT)HUXJA?MT)Q9_9?^/8_]


P..?2H9O#\]PL0FOD;RUBVYA/RLC Y4;\#.
'O[XXJU:VK:=!

%O(X

MCH#C/-
_MR(;MUM



MGRDD


M;0N[( QQSP/6@#4@N(KBUCN8G#0R('5O8C.:HPZS%

F:R[71YK=8$-TDBV:%;0-#RAVE06^;YL#CC;0
MWP^9;J+[?,;N.23<K1R2AHV^;@JH)VXQCC'?(/6H;34GL[G41=?:9X4O0@E.
MTK&1
 ].

MLLL7E_

M(9;N5+F*-[B PDI!@'.
LX#89N.#QC)ZT /EUZUMQ





MX^?=E1AAC 8_I^(!:&KPW%O$($G:6=7Q'&%\Q IVL3DX^4_7VS1X;FEN?#]C


@/M.1V(*DC]:SET247HN6O%:0&3#F'+;7[$DGI@=@
=N]6M
TT:?Y^UH

LBM


^_:KFJ63W

M
6JPW$NRVCDG78K[X]N/F&5')SR#G.





NH +



RA@

#GO69/J5Z@U!4MU9K:1%3RU:0[6 )8KP3
M@'.!Z4 ;%%5M/NEO;-)TD20-D;D! X)'0\@^H/0UFZEJ=[:S:HD1M\6UFMU%

SAMV1U&#\O'7'O

_DEY
G9\I(.!C/W3W% &E16


5EFP\V2)G.T%=I(W9WY/(Z;1UZUJWL


@G/WJL0ZOJ-S]D$26L8N-/-WN8

7$4JPW C4)$4Q\
MBGCYCQST]<\]@ :],:1$95=U5G.%!.Q]J<<X..M<E$UY<G2;BXD@EN1J$\:
M2>45VJ!*.IR/E'''0#WH ZZBN;_ +=U6*&VMEDO',P8J@*_NWV9VLZ]
M4Y+C=N)!!X'*Y/R_2KL^H7NF&R@FGMYSN@AE 1B[%B%+D@X7GD9'- &_17-3




O+^2_T_5+6Z^SS_9XHI4DCB95.XGIN)SC

C\*))8X@IED5 S!06.
DG 'U)K+LHT3Q1J
M91%4O;P
Q QDYD&3^0I/$J!K6S;8C2)?6Y0L.A\Q1U[4 ;%%8@U*\:*=#-:1
MS071@:1HV(8; PVH&R3\P&
]B?:DMM5O)1IEQ*UO%:W49$@

Y:X\MTD<Y?RY60/V^900&_$&KM%       #H!5
*UA$4*D(3RQ8DDY))/)/
MN:@O-+L[YV:YB+EHS$V'90R'L0#S[9Z=JN56FO8X;VWM660R3[MI_*
#)R:

99E\AU2:-8G19Y%4H.@P&P!]/4^IJ4:-8[]QCD8[E;YIG(+ 8!P3U






MD$KA;B0 L.AX;C''3T'H*TZ* *D6FVL-R]Q'&RNYRP$C;2?[Q7.W/OC-3W$*

M+V).OE1&!
7

M[

/+/*VXHK!L;L
3G:!_^JMVB@##U/1G
MDL8H+&.
M]HCFE
]P^6VD'&_#





M!T^4G''/;N?6HY](LKF9Y98F+2,CMB1@RXVG .




M]_)&)& !(P2 #C.._6K5% &8F@::B0H(7*0QM$BM.Y 1OO+@MR#[^@]*'T'3

MY/J:=?6%OJ$:1W*NRHX==DK(0PZ'*D=*M44 9PT2Q65Y0DH=Y?.+?:)
[\8R

*DW[N8SKFYD.'/5OO?7\SZ

T


/[

MJ]PJ)8


JQ732E=T9C^7


MC(R/R/855O+

MX[2P_P!K)+




MW\7(R#WJ%=1N3?SPMJ&G+#%$C^88B

MA Y5


M5%J]HL@DFDGE16B\KRXD#
Y)SC_./K0!66_N3=*GVF7_ (_#$5^S_+M#'C=C




M[60W=W!9I)&[A%1T9D2



M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBN=\27MS8ZAIWEWUQ



.VS:
[%QE^3C;S]?:@#4HK/3




M.$C!\MN00-N.5R3G/3M0!U%%9*:[;_VG%ITD-RDLN\1/(@ D*CGC.1[$@ ]J

M\V[/'7 QCG.![U#_ 
)-9_88[M8;AD:X^S



M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH *R=4TJYOM1LKJ*[BB6T8NJ- 7W$C!R=PXQ6M10!S[^&$:#4+-;K;I]X=_





M6\K[ZMG(QG@\]?TID7A=D%PQO%




M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 


MAF$

M#U^OTX/Y5(K!U##.
C(P?RH =147VF$NR!P65PC =F(R ?S%.EE2&
R2-M
M48R?KQ0 ^BHH;F*=F6-]Q0 L
'C/3^5)]JA\I)=^$=@JD@\DG _6@:BHS-&
M)UAW?O&4L!CL ?YBGD@=2* %HJ&.YAD0NL@VARA)XY!P?UITD\

M

;



MW

#BEAFCG5FC.0KLA.

M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH


RG2K(
L8C



8@MU


M2#S^(_4U8AM$@
IA9PTI!8LQ;G&
\^PH RYWFM[.^BVQNMNGF-)N(9G.6_ C


Q_N\#SSE/)/(+


!GC/&:M4 9EO<;]1AC$:

MD?NUPHSUZX__ %UJ0V8CNY+AII)68;5#XQ&OH




MTJ:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **


M2/(TAAB:
$G(8



M.H/455U*2+2Y(+.TN+A7LQ;C#7&U1'OD[!]_CJ2


M+7
1I##$T8).0P8#?




M D#)P
]Z6L37HHVU'1Y)6D55N6!*2
H_U;8Z'KD ?CCO5.SNY);FV*W4QU#[
M2R75LSDA4^;^#HH QA@!GCDYH V[W4K:QEBCG

MC KDAOE+8RI(.

\7-%_PB]Z9G



'8XZ'H: .C
MHJCI\T

M!(P



.H

T#0

@&
MXQT.* -BBJUP\T5C*Y 






M*V

MAJ;7-]?QJLCB.3:B_* 



'CFL^759&4E9XH@&XQC=SDY/&


R1B-ADC.
\@XX!


L
M?_0A5.QN;F^MH95NK9695=T6(DKGG'WOUQ0!I45%.^Q1DD!CM+#^'/ /YXJM


9(GM\A8RJ%22.I.2?ICVH OT5FW=])%=2*B$I;*'DP0-P;( Y^A
PNGC5PR1
RN 

M&&1)/
R2O%F-0


Q(9;G4H;IK1[



M% &7/FXT65YFN3D
5\S2JO?RU))_(9_*L0*TB1Q/;2QQJ48$)*=IYWX'TQ@]?F]JZ&B@


3GG).1T].I_GT=% &/K


GI[5MT4 5+JWDEN


K


MTZ3R+N.29YY


@




4AC1I
M6)*!B$VE?J1QGM]10!L6


*&8 2$?



DCC/6@#1:Z;SY(4@=R@!+ J!STZFJ.DWMU*MJ+G#
M&6!6.=JMN ^8@ ]





M2J RJ03A!SSU^M  T]PFH








\


0H'U8Y/IP/8 N6US/+.L


9QZ^]9ZZE


09I#
MURPQW. 
^E &T



TD@0LNU0YP3C!/
M'3/]:@%Y=M LNXKFY$6-JXQYNWU]*GU.U2XFMO-7S$W[-F
C!!R3^''_ .NL
FZC TNH0/$DS.R
 S E$R







M8?Y% &K1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
D;8A.Y5X
MX+=


 0!UX)!J*7


GK0!CZG*(=/C: F1!&65I')SQ\O)
MY))P

M.W$H?LV.0H]CT/MGUIDF%U&S5I3ODG
HB;K&/*8''MG]36K24 9^HO([QPQH
M)'\Q6VHQW  \D^@Z]Z8CO;:AY3



'[5%BRG$K?:6D:5CN4A6R
X_V@.F.]7M/E++-8L3'/#DL
M0.S

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M*:V[:=N-V.


%FSC;
MCJV
9]_:J
VEZHWVG9'9GS-0CNTS.P^5=O!^3@_(/S/IR :Z:C:R77V99#YA






MV,D\CVSWIHTW5/-MV,=GB._>Z;$[?=(88^YU^8_E[\ &D=7L1;)
4R_T_4;J]$@EB

M

N0#CN.*S


MAB
@;


MD5DB=1& N



$?

/+\LAOEXXYR
\UH:5:7-J;

MI641$*RM$ROD\+A2
G/; Y[53U/2[N_N[L9@2WGM/(#EB7#9)R5Q@C)]:J7M


8Y/(Z]





M6J?:(80H$S'#QL6P?D'!W$9]AQSP ;7G)]G\_#[-N[&QMV
9^[C.?;&:HV^N

JGDNSD=R% R1R.1Q[UHJ&
8#XW8YQTS6#9:3J%C'821FVDGM

M1N*
$R 21OQMS@$XSGBG:;9_8+%+?=N(+

M*\\4\@Q*K

J;8V(=1UVG'S$9' YYJ*

T ;

M2&8RS+M+-&8+N!(R0,#IW-/O;JV6(3W/D&6540C&78G[HR#UZ?3TZU4L+
MYM=7N)FCMDMG@BB01,05V9_AQ@#YCWXP/7B36[6ZN[6%+182Z3QRGS7*C
&
MQPIZXQ0 Z/6=/EF6**XWLTABRJ
5#@9VE@
 _4\TR#6[699V(G012F+#0OER
M

)XF@+PW;W$*LQ






X.#D\C_&@#2HK&@U

MQP=Q]\4D.NS7$

MD:L=C9!R.O0?E5675I(-5ALI;9 )V=8B)P9&VJ6R4QP#CKGTS0!JT5C6NN/*
M())[3[/!-'(P8RAF4IUR 




^U &S161XK0/X9U -NXA8\
1T^E)-KAMFNHY[4B6$
9H1YI:- 0NX'+*&((!Y
MV]C^.RTOE6YEGPFQ-SX.0,#)Y[T 245B3:C)<VY@NK4P)=V[OR3$GA<X; &

@X VGD8P3WH Z*BL33[U8H[6)





MWDQ


MBU+V:+YUW):N%FSL9=W(^49!V'T[4 ;5%8MGKSS_ &9Y[/R(KAY8P3+N96CW
M9R 



MVTL\S;8XE+L?0 9H EHK \/:B)[Z\M&OH[QOEN$9) X0-PR CLK#\B*D36KJ
M6XC6*PC:&5Y44_:



1KV ( /';).*L17\4NH3V2K(

MRXZ\]



8K4HH S_[

M #[73/L]^]X;NXEDDB6)EDV;2%Z'A1SR?S^F)+J
MQ^T7EO<_:)HF@W;53;@Y&#G(-%QJ5K;2F*1W9P 66.)IH]6V@[1[FIXIXIH







7SN!^3H=S?]]'VP)X;M%
 D

MJZT*&Y



D(MV4@D_=8+O..V[
MVSZ5T5% &5'H

M*I7

MGEFEO;MY)5C&[**59/NL
*
'D^WS'CIC4:3 ;8#(5(!52

M'!'I0!GRZ5YTUI

=?7FF6FB16@@VW5S(8)'D4

M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% '&C4E%S

V^6XW
)%9

^8VX'!95Z9QDX YQTKK:* .<T:6U;Q%<_8YY+

=:Z/6);B'2+N2T#&=8F*;5W'


2ZS+%JS

0T@8C!


 BMVV
36T1@D\R+:-C[]^X8X.[

MBCHN\%


MW&




M8K

VW;YGOBK-% '


M=





MWDUS=7\



=:;?V-_=/J
PTK*W


M3MJLD.DR![GRBAW1 N5QG/S?SJ.=7-_=3?99OL:W*3R-'Y;$.BKW+@C&
%0K





MN[
W
O

M$MSI]Y





;(3!()QTZ54C@






@K%DM
M/




ML;J W/3G'&: -
<XQ

L(N83*V=J!QN..N![5&=3L!=?93?6PN-VWR



MY]:L44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 57NK*TO55;
MNUAN IR!+&&Q^=6** $50JA5  '  [4M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444






M.


:&.5(9MLBQL.4Z.<+_%_^JK]I<K=P^:J
@W
N&QG()!Z$^E $
M]%%


P4M@9VCJ: '457CNX

01@ 8QU)/O0!8HJF=1BR %9B


MF6VMI9V!*Q(7('4@#- $M%

@'K49N5!N

ML.


MXSD?H: )J*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#+A$UEJ$<2SFY@NF=R&[HN
YR
M




8Q]* *FIK*T=O'(J.LCK'
0



JONNOE((7[5+MX_P!G=@T 3W


13#:Q&

4:;3( 5
M'50



MN-EO&%E+A60 I\B%0#V]QZFM+3&$]G-=%26N9&9D!^9?X0I] !GT.:MTA$
MSR[26=@Y!/&0 

U(VF6K$EEE)/4F9



M-;R]+CE)S$R!T54.X*0#SRQ)J=;.%6D8*P
C;FPYY. /ZI((D@@CAC!1J%





=@P

ML=SY?F[_ )'#@!R 2#D9 Z\@4^2%)64OE@IR%/3/K0!D1V0$T2?8;4O]F^Z_
M0G(Y/RT[6O

4PA..F2I..






.AXY'KNK990PPP!P<

 )^A'/XU#/
M

 0PR
X(Y!^M1O96\ENT#Q

MQ3K%@7MEYR+BXSP?[S]ZU6C1Y$=AEDSM]L\4JJJCJ /0@!U%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 R6188GED.$12S'T J
741 (+D'OL;




MHQ3TY'452NQ(VHI&$B??Y&Y0


%W&K(F7N'0 


D3%BHR?E('Y]#5.9I%U.YEC+8CABW;

#&Q ? R#[9].: )OM


MHO%A._\ T=2+CYV^9SPH]\C)_$4[4UDCFT]80!&DP 3^\=C8'T&/\XH T%N(

M=?O=S5?5
O?:H2KG9I\;+AL;3+D]?8?E0!O)-')))&C9:(@./0D9_D:1YXT
MGCA9OWD@)48Z@=?YBLZ2,PLBE7#&Z7,FXXDSSG'Z?A3RDS:K,SHD@,(QN0

%61


MR
$^E &S2U5M$B@MFDX0
2[DH4_
'IQQ^%6$=9$#(P93T(H =1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44

M X/)SU'(_#%7:* *OV/-C+:/

FZ2?)RB,@';!*G_P!EJ:B@ JS




)79Y0!\V
*!G 'XD]:L
M44 5I+3
#QQ320NQR94P6SZ\@@_E4L$*6]O'!&$C4*N3V J2B@G'IL


9'YBF
MI;.WB@BD=(XT#&
X P.:GHH IR:; P!B
D$@Z21-AOQ_O?CFI);59?L^]V

4!
R<G)]SR?7O5FB@G#8+ \CQS2C?NP#C9



ZHS! 4B9^







M%J-FMULBHS,H$B[6^5BIR.W(JU0 4444 %%%% !113_ * O\VT[2./6@!]

M3Y;%5$?0#(&#P3[@YKJJ* .0N;FUD\


3Q;-%%HX$MPL






2PIM4E

[G$<D-PK
M&68RD2*5P=@X3 )P!R1U%=910!DZ!.98IHF.]HFVEUN#

M1C6-/@EOW@259 \2RA-XV\'/7\B*VJ* .
6]DO+;3X_[76VA:)@MP[
=T@8C



#@A@HS217DCV-U!]H57@90\OVMS$_

9Q

M?F* 



M0!Q&E7S6UEI2V5UYL\NG38@






M9HAYUML8-&_'WMSG:1R
  'TKHJ* 
CQ)//!90F*401-
%GF(8^6A!Y.T@@9

MM-7-O92PDQ7$SNQ:3/1F#K\P_NL2.O'%6X)A)?M'J.H2PW
;Q_9PKF(3+L4D
MB






M)-S*ZLH(..!PWU^E+?ZLL=DMS8/;W*BXCBD(DR%#


MVOD&1+V998[D

]&C8
M
#^(J6L[1HKN&.9;LR
-_P[:4)YA7 'S%.#TX/7'6K&H2W$5F[6D#3S$855
M*C!]?F(''UH @LM36[U[M/**&#!1B?]8IR-P_X$K#\
]ZEFU.P@N!;S7MM'
M



2[G'FK\@Z9// I6O[-+



UD?L]NEQ('4A& .
M
#D!B!D=1DCD4 /^WV?DI+]K@\J3.Q_
&&P


M!H5NYXXC


M+D2



MR


WT[[58


MZZZ/*(\BX023K_M(1M/XY /LM &L#D9'2H7O;6.Y2VDN85G?[L32 
WT'4U/



2I(6+ .1M/ X& !UX]

M7:Q6@M5U.PFF5F25Y F-HSP3ZDJ/H30!LT5E1ZR)M&L[Z(2-=;%52^U0S=
MBV#@ Y'0U637;PF%&TV
237$ENN+G*!E!ZG;GG!Z _TH WJK+86:71NEM(%N
M&ZRB






X'(YH V**PXM1N+AM
2UM8H[

N-J%W'%:6N8W@CN/,EDV_
M(Q(X !Y&#P<=/QH V**I7-Y-!J-K!Y$9@N5\TRD$
 3C;MYX'KZ_C4352+J

\+)


6J[E/EI_=!*],<<Y/I6G-+'!\LSJD: LS

ML


M;)&?NG'Y]*=0!FMHZ2VAMKB[NIE!5HV9E#1E2" .00.3FKMOT
6UYY)V[


MUD:WE618W





O[U5X7=\O4#C(P?>M:B@#*_L-

M7NK6=+B:+[

;2Z@N O7RI V/RJQ0!D0Z D7






M+F5XY!(LI*ALCMPH&
VE+*KX^9?O*0<@C/<$ U%%ID


M#.
'YAR*I7.I7A6_N(;C:UC*JK;A%*SJ54Y.1G+$D#!].M;=S9VMV%%U;0S[
M#E?
0-M/J


MGM(K!4#JP(YR!CC..GYGFHK.XN(5M8/[1D




M;C[)!YY8


M-Y





M6DM[*ZV[1


:M#NF+;MO)&!G&.%YY-5FU/4!%-$MVZM'J$
&Z:)/-
;[
\
M#Y0?F].GH:Z5;2V6U^RK;QWP5\H(-F/3'3%0OI.FO&(WT^T9!CY3I' P.

M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% %6.[:6Z:)+:8QJ2//RFS(Z
MC[V[KQTHO[^&P2)IED(ED6(;$)P6.!D]AD]ZHVL
1U-9M/MY+9=S_:@T+1K)

Q!.T


#(^Z7 Z9ZX-:





MBDL].NI6FC G20S!NA)0A=OOPH]_K0!JM
45-T;N2


MB* +5U?^2Z*L;D[?

D=@?LX*(C!#DL3@\_4@?4&JVIL%O




?_ !X_D:?IL
 O





-N[ S62KPS:;#!\T$EVFYD0-A$

5^^?














MGO56#[.^KHEJ5VVT++(J_P +$KM!]\ ]?6@6[OWMIQ\@,@AW/ #8R!GL


MHX([_*H_F* -&BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH 0@'J
MTM17$Z6T#329VKUP


IR





S




MM43J

CITJK

$9%







2Q
&4YQDD

4C2)':/&XEB5.
_




M!$$::YG\R6
)(AWLA4D #(((''6M2EH S]$!_L\OOWB2::16]5:1B/T(I=4A
M9XXY5/


*
W.?84VQA_P!-6.&<[;2&*)N.I&_*D?\ ?)_*
MM? SG'/K10!E2'9=7D7E

;/!=X2_D)ED&.'Z


P.Z8%=K!CZCL/3V%7@
M !@#%% %;4(3-:L%!+*0P [X[?7T]\56=_.TI8P/GW)'P


LPP3ZA%!-;V\J&)G
M.Z#!!5DQU^M)=PFZU*XA0IN$=NQ#=

MU!D^1.% YQP03_A6S1@ D@#)ZF@#.TJ:
I






PG]T)
M3_IZ$^_I6+!83+;R;7CDVW&YBRA2)58X/88!X^E &O9W)N4D8KMV2O'USG
M:Q&?TIT4QDN)H]N!&0
YZY&:JZ0P\BX.1@W
N#_P
TJ1137=X)!N4E01G@C;


;
M:0%N54
N2
\=2.2







[+;NVX]0)&)'TP*EL8&M[
MW8X4$K*^%/ !DR/T(H FDU'RYW0V\C1@?*ZX^;!PW'H


C

7RCJJC.YEP#]*KO-$S$KJ*J#V#)Q
Q QUQWJ47UL2V90H0 E


N#@$X.#W]JQH1/9:9']GD:






T 6X-1\Z2!
M1$ )AG(D!*\9Z4V?58H;B6+Y6\N

4[N$#1N552^-^ /





8VA1SC.?O?[/7OTH U+NZ^RV$EPZKN2
MLW8R0
XS_]
M:HY-0'F1Q01-



M/;)%\Z7,ZN#TX[?C5:\$ZZ[92Q0-(HMYD+=%4EHR
GMT--\Z
:E#-G%O$C

MS%+9$@.


M #T I%C16=E4!G.6(').



X') ]ZJ






IZ@U7N;Z.&PENEPVQ6(4G;N(SQS]*;

M#G@G'-17=P;:


MJZ%'4






M9^6!=D)/5U)R6![CH/\ @/TK4:)&4J4!4G)&.#0T4;.CM&I=


\.8;8+(SE#Y793\K#GOUJ^8UN[38[-*
MH)1AG;O(.#G'N*FGMH+E D\

MW4EU%-'OCBF4 &=AL&Q22._)-7I[B.P@C+B0Q9%^6VY. 3WZGK2_V?9?\










M@^[@'G&:EN;+4;C4X)!;B*.&YD.4*!2K1LH?.=Q/(ST_'K0!H:GJR6^G7TUE
M+;7%Q:1EWB



D$#VL4:L63 9=Q(PK$_Q8_ ^V
M0274;[^U9[*SMF$4:R[Y+EDRK$CH$.#E35K[?!#;K)?36]LVT
P:8;1VZG



'!Q]<KD\]Z=J.
MG7C]6!N]_%<Q

M'3&DT]E%O:O!)


MU&2W;WH W3=VPNA:FXB%P1N$6\;R/7'7%5KV\FM]1T^!$C





FG
!/IBVRJ9DW;\N






MF1BB&
*Z



231F[@WP+NE7S!F

BSQW5
MB;1V*A%)
BD=%SG!)'/08]#G-5]+TV2TE\RXLKF2XMC(4E%V620'/W4+X!/'


MA


MW/+:/'#+!$BR%T(+*6)& 

MR

HQ1AY@^5@
D'WQ61J

)

YA61R J&0 MGI

WIUH WTW;%\P /@;@IR,
M^U.HHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBD/ )QGVH 6BN9

#0!O45GC54/VE1:W)EM]I


M8R?F(&!D=^]96HZJ;E--6TBN'ANYF20Q
(W&%;*Y+ @Y'_CIY]0#?JLMA9I=

 BU!M3
MB:V:6X(K-0 1C8!U.1M()H Z6BLA_$$
4;FXM+N&19$C
;(I;+_=.5) !Z

X4Q




5Q$T4\:2QL







MY9WJ#CC#?SQ0!IT51BU*.:98XHI7RBN2-OR[N@(SG]

MNF@C(P02I(Y*GV/7KVS0!LT5EPZY;SRPJL-P$EF: 2

'MSCC- &I1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
,9/6M^B@#%ETB]EN+J8ZA&C7$42'RX



M5!(49.


M


.

!8
MQJF0.=_/#-V]/3G?I* 
ZUT^ZMKJ61;Q#'.PDEC\G^/ !*'=\H..AS]:L:C9

M@%NTH@(54!/1=W7YCSG\*U;=)$@1)G5Y%&&9%V@_ADX_.I:* 
7^PYUDB
=Z






44

&J3:19/'*CQ




J&-H


EPDL\+O-??9H
Q

ME/ Y&.E #=
O)KB2[M[D)YUK((V:
$*^5# @$G'!Z9-5M?U.?38&E@DM@4B:

=C

.RV8R7DEL9



P

MY_'U/J:1- T^/RMJ3_NI3


ME9Y P7.=I8-DCV/% %3^U-1FU.2*UL?
MH9A#*V5XX!)R7!&
]-ISZUI:A=K

CJ&5A@@

14



9H

G@



M]3U.UN=0=7MY8H[N*!59&&P.$Y&#S][IQZY[5L3:7:3QB.5'9 




MNTDN9+B2-GDDB\EPTC%63T*DX_2FC2+/[*]L4E:)\9#S.Q&#D8).5P0
8Q0!



8DC;J



VEV;7(N/**RA0A*R
H91T# '##ZYH S+?5[]H


WQ!J=QID#SPO;XCC
AB=&=Y
'H




M7[(MLEY6R0I#$
1MSS_#^% '24P%_-8%5\O PV[DGG/&/IW]?3GDH]-N$%

4+V\H5@9HQM)R%S\I !7*
MCJ,^] '345R%Q:S7,%HMU;RQ6B1'6UM=P)^78WE.K%1@

8R/I73V
0@LH8


ELZP
MEOW6Z
E0V


@T^YCF6&5+R1XB/WF$^9
MF. V2#R
Y_#C:\0VIO=!OK=8A*[PML0C.6QQCWSB@#1HKCM1B
LU_*FGWHCN


M*SY=45;RQABC
L=W))'YP8 (55CTZG[I'I[U?*AE*D J1@@]#7(V]I%#_94!
MTV5$6[F

M
Q_(R$XV8PP'&
9'-=?:1^3:0Q[I'V(%W2D%S@=3CO0!2.K2&[GMH]+O9'A(

B1JT$5PJMC


MHS(?W+!6)/^P_W3S@]AG% '55%+
(%DEF





TZTCU/3

MCAMX4;^0
?
2



=P(SND;;D$; 

#GM]: .KHK
ME?+VWEB9[:1;QM0=)I73_6(5D*@-_$N-N .!CL:CL[1H'TM!IT^;2[N%D*1;
M=D;^9C!XR


M BBB@ HHHH K06-O;W4]S&)!+/@R%I68''3@G _K-%% !1110 4444 %%%
V5DPWKP1G\?4^IJU110 E16UM%:QE(MY!.27D
M9V/U9B2:FHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

M=CK




#-.%]:&2.
M

MUR#Y


?Q=L#VH'AZX
M
F!'EW<*X6$<PLW^KD
G4R$\D]R



SS&^A



#\* +5%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !45U-]GMI)MC/L4G:H))]L $_I4M

M/RR/YT 16
[75I'
XB!?G]U(77KZD#^56*AMH/L\.S=N8L68XQDDDGCZFIJ
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *

J%_E2
DD

&XC&.0!R.P!O(2R@





TNF(ZVD$(*(K6\JLHGVGGS
M 5X]!P?Q'% '4
P12S$!0



M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
)BB@ HHHH __9
end








begin 644 exhibit10-23x6x1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!# ! +# X
A .#0X2$1 3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ K

M





5D79O;*RTZ&^N;2W


.#SUR<^G-(VAW']B75I%8
MZ7;W





M96&X8& 2HR
GZU?L+.^35KB^NC;JL\*1F*
_M(+P
MQRWBQO'TKQ$C 3(^8\9&/KW/7M$-<L&MWGCDDD5(?/&V)LLGJO'/OCIWQ4=

&C:B$M(I1:JD6G/9.RRL3D
MXPP&T9'RCOW/IR :8UJS6UBGE
L8D3?M

H

$\9/UJ


)EWE&.1P0P!/'/''U



MAB$-J]K&826+;@!N.0
?='RC/UI#HDITUXHK+3;6XWQMF ;1+L=6^8A01G!X



DK


MRB5O-E9

U5Y+2X%YI]XY@C%O\<X+D@ [
M22#@9^[WQUSVQ2:-;JLES-%*);5G/V8@Y 5L
V#W!8G\A0!8U*^-F((XT$D]
MS*(HE)P

MJP

EF. *=7*Z^US

MI8GM(K%9$B


S'  '4DUSXUR]2SBFG6)4
9&D<4L9=YE8C+J PX7)R/]D]* -^BF/&LL31S*LB.NUE89# ]01Z5RNBV
M,A33)K/3A9++37&443KM( PI).20?F QB@#K:*YB?7M0@M;YQ]BN)(+83JR



:A?)%K4%]BXQ!-]F8^

MNUO;N[FDGB\A;.*:2)D93YGR$@L#CJ.F.G?M52/6+UHK.Y6[Q7ZGR$P5:-
_I570[F:RAL[6*& 0SWMS$V1MP78!1CI\O_P!:




NX X]





M9OPJU%JMRUU=V\B11SH)&AAD1DW*IX8/R&!ZG XSCWH UHY$EC62)U=' 964







#;QQGIGYAP* $N-(
MM+B[-U)]H$Q7;NCNI4P.. %8 #BFKHEBDL4JK/OB5E1OM
F0&.6_BY)SU//





M?2+C[9(8\B-\8E%]


21-&Q;#+M)5BI_ CD'Z5#9V-O96HMH%80CHKR

C(4\O!GD^[G

!F@G;6(


_)G_9Q5
MX
&S@@X.#B@D $DX [T 4!HUB+*&T$3B& YBQ*^Z
^S9W#\Z:N@Z:CQO' T;

1AR5) 9@C%?NDKG:2,#!(SP*O4E 
H=2K#*L


^+1K

7LT@1AG
MD









M24J)9QD


A^[G!YVG/

YS6QJA-WX1N759U9[
NJL2) =F0#COZBMBB@#E9+B
M+F&2^GM[?[*C6

_
P'20\8(/(VG'6K&G274^LL\^IK%-'
M-(K66UMS1Y(7@OC&-IW!?QZUTU% &-JJ0C7-
_?Z4 8OVB=[S5_)NGGO;:%7A
M@$WOL.1M! (SCKGM3#<VI61DU.X_L]K8M<S?:6W0R[EVX;.58Y/R]..GKU5
M% ')Z?&U[;WNGS:A.FK(BX7;X C:P ;OQNYZGZ&MG1I&O(S?.LT1=1&(G=



HJW<B-]0U*2UO3'++% \;F=]C(2<]#

%N_.
$
MUT5% ')6EQ+/JUA:WM_
!)#
1$)O++A9/W;';@Y*Y^N/K3#=1R7FFR37
S7B
MWKXB+,WD_+(!\G11R,''(Y.:[B@#C+/4DG&D))K+L'N[B*3$X!D7Y]N2
?
M[&
8^\

E<_I
&+&F2%\W!5@<(2,DY ^5NA&
M-I'8BNWHH XJ*]NM1@L1)K6:O:1-'.=Q\R;D.
AU!8$#Y6S]*[-


*$)+&8F$I;KPP8CH
M



#\*N:S8W5PFL1I9?:%NK=%B^





L5A)OO)4*P!T
MW+@#+
=V

MB*9V
*[
0*&/MGK6+!;:G#-;


8'#'/7OVX(^

!@
M=?<5F36-[+<^9)IJM&@N$\E?*
'P01SDYQSG'/;O4UK97B:?H -J5DLB!-&







M4O-$%Q

I!4KGK@X/ZT ;5)52U
8C






=H

6)DR3GB5A_

M[97\:OT4 4=-LY;.&(R*46)0R8SA@ 0?0U5ETNY:!X1*C!EE4
Q(P']L=O



M2
12(A616.^


MN2





I$9)6 (XX8\Y
G6MXZ23(WF(



MI8P;F0@


(6!W-\V
D\#;TQ@9H A


UF



W

:QNBEF;Y)
M74_

$CGCD^PXSQS67#K-](+-!';

=JK'1+ S
M1R^5('CD




MZM*V]F61@=V

: *

<\?G6A56WT^WME B$HP_F$F9R7;&,L2<MQZYZ#T%
M6J BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **

MD@E9GZ.%Y/Q.T' ]S5BL;5'A2[9[2[*ZHJ*%MQ*?W@SPGIR?FQQD\T :D\


MW:.2T@'WL\?ABIX+H2VRS;& 8D84;NA([?2L)4:4I&DK*72



#!IVVE1D[?E8\''/2K4MQY





$

&XP0??I4&E1B!FA^?8B(L9D10


M:)WNO.,X/7U^E1JH+WRS*SIY:Y02%N,'H3C%0.9GT:.5)442A)'4LW+ CG
M=V&!^% &FEW!*DC0RI*(_O;&!QQFJL6JK+Y.V!_WVS;DC^)6;^2U+
S+8W'G




 0#R:K3K#-# DB*Z,Z (+AOESWP/2@#2
MFF\H*=A89 ;!^Z#W^E0F_B%R(]R[/++[L\YSC&*@NHHHGL;40EB461G+$*!
MD@D\G(7O4)N8EN9+F2] A11&K ID\\M].G;L3TH TYYQ C.ZML52S

8 J&&


M&)'0'HK$L-W3KQ0!?FNDAG2-\!2
LY. N2 H_$GCZ4R*^62=X]C *5 )!'49




8SA @)8?0YY]:M:9$KVDKI)EGD=1(
'Y0QVX[=* )

MXUDE 0 8_P!:WJ
UK+&RK(K7+



Y1@!G/!RPX-3ZQ&T

EJDLEK.CL


M&RPH&B4HAQRH.








8U



MD X&3Z5GMJ\0@N)0 !&K% S &0J/F 'MP


:1[SN;:





 #TJ@FJ;X5(@?

M
@TH50  H 7H



R;\8)RL;



 _A0!CS[6
T

W(W8/48!/0^M6-8AD-M;1HS[%GBRQ?YB=X &?QSGVK1:%H#
MT2&(C&PJ-N/3%!BC

MZY'?&





AN80(UE4@]RT2':H]L8KJJA2UMT*E((U*DD80#&3D_K0!4TV6
-=

MCK2[1Z#\J 
G79XGTP&.6


AOK0!DH5.EV6Y2S2R81U;


3-
$ D90K-CD@9P/U/YT 96HI%-?V**K%T
M)9U0?


. .?P 'X5(JA5J  !@ =J .<DDE6
MR#N&8?9IB!(V5;CTW?X5KV<0BGEW JY484RLY\XSDXZYZ5/]DM\Y\B+.PIG


M3% &

M8+/_ )](/^_8_P *EBAB@4K#&D:DYPB@#- ')M DD5Q?/&^%#8CV#DH6')V8

EC@;@/H

M)(V#(X#*1W!J.YACFC(G;$0&67. ?K4W2FO%'(070-CID9Q0!E0NFH3[;F39

*.PRC9-7;FUM[N(QW

M0P_6G&&
B

^_^%:?2HVM
MX6G2=HD
J A7(Y /7FI: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH ***2@)[F..?RGW*?+
FXCC Z\^V1^=.BD\V)7V


M(#X(D
?/&6'85'!_R$+K_=3^1JI:-%

M3-

M35'Q#$@\-Z@B';BWDP%.

MMI)W#

M@ZC!_'-6&3[/?
L9()AR6\LN22Q).!0!?DN(HXUD9AY;$ 

CF(V2
M
OM5?4XDE@\@1J9)V9VC.
_
?P&?THM

8Z]13HIC+(R^

?PJU9B1KJ9)4D(#L
MJRB4D+P.

MG+MV[6POR$[V\MCN/KR /P/K6O;74?V)93 \&3@QF
@[LXX'?ZT 7**9&ZRQ
MK(ARK#(.

M/+?4TODIY AQF

MND_=+DA?8 ]![IJ* *C:=;-;0VY1O+A*E '(Z'(SSSTJU2T4 1) B7$DX!

/RR-IS@@;LG[IXQGCI0!IT5';SQW-

M.IY( 'N2!R*?;70G9D

L
B %DD R
Y[@D'IV)H L44AS@XZTB%BBEP V.0#

QA:$K(\9

MIF@!]%%% !15+4[\Z?' X@:42SQPDA@ FY@




AFMV9RFY2=I89(P#P*ZZ
MB@#G9=*AM]06.TL88[748Q'.@C5=FWG./=21]<5TJJ*%4!5 P !@ 5&EM&E


M%%

M\1













=IG[=]I_US?=]/N=: -%=
1(7;?'C<KQLC 'H<
 2#@\]*SE
MTN\;3)])E


M_*




_





 7 #)C:3_M9!&!5C5K)[ZT5
<=O6KNGK
M*MMF:YDN QW(TL0C<*1T88'/7L/I69=Z;?SP7<JI;ZN_+5D\YMB*F2#G;DD
MY]!^G.U&7

M!02#CAN*AAU:2VU2\CU*4+&D
#JB1$B
MN#9(SQD#D\#C\9-/L;_ $N
V5J+












0H[YST'?CBEU+4XH+%F@G EDA

M24%VPNP
%93MYSNY''UH OV^K0):6ANI3YLL2





M:TAE/G_



MO3[C5;*U56EE(5E#Y5&8*IZ

!E

4]G%:Q/)
VX; 1EAM/9CW[#
MUXZ.
N8U


MV]]J


.2/6=5$WE&0^26:)-@8


8Z=^U '3T5@VVK:I=RO)!8*UIF15=F50I(!)#DG)&
M-@Q[U';ZQ?W$%NQ^SQF[L'N4VH3Y;+MZ\\@[O;&.] '14UW5$9W8*JC)8G



M0T =!3%D1V94=6*G# '.#[UAW6J7]I%;O(]H6*QF2$1/O.YL'@$[ 
]3G)!Z

 D






MI[4L6D6

U6M+Y+R)I(8Y2%E


MDSLS]W.[./;T)'2G?V)8%Y':*1S)&L3^9

8% %%]%L9#.9(I'
^WS-TSG.WH1D\$
N:T:* ,.YT5YM6M7C['%\;-]JD
M64EB#G(Y/W<<MSGVYOR:39.8#Y)C-NNR,Q.T95?[N5(R..G2IK2[@O83+;2



UHT4 41I-FKS



//D 8#H
!N/P]ZT** *\EG!)9&TD
M5FA*[
%V)Q_O9SGWSFJIT+3V
<[I
R
P)^A.!QQQV %6Z* *C:;:F\-U


I)[C!.:NW=REG:RW$H<


MG*D'*\D]



#VJ^.!2T4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%



M(QTQSUK

_0]C:3;
M3)

\\=U';&:


M '%SYN;A@P.4R



ZEED=1(%7 W!U

MY(8
!OR


JV4S




HCE&W: 
\-C=\HQTZ5UE% &-X?R5FD75

&R



*V
M.QP:R5T74H[I'3[


MA++
8=BO$D9)0MTR 




R/$%C3&QPQ.[(YR!C\?PZ5-0 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110

M+


S.S

M/1YH?+E41H%5G8


M+!$+E85)
CLJ27#





 CV%+=%C=B
)



K27$B#:J'E4;?Z^@QGZ4 :U%9T%[
M)/J$



MS#J#@_K5.W)%I
\D+Q


MW N-/5H_W;F0##KTVOAAT/8&L1(@Y2XAGB5MEPD6?XR[AE(^7D86@#J3+&L7


M

M4
%+ 

DX'S#K4E8#K_I40:1D5KN0 Y  .




 $Y&7SR5!



M[+MP!A%'H!_7K3[2U-LT@

M







9Y$9#(




-SMN'P'+)E/0+GCZY],YP*OT
M4 5;BV:26&6-E5XW+DD9S\A7^M1G3RLBS03LD^?WCL-WF#T(_ECI5ZD'/2@

C





AM0



M2QP$80-()



H^7Z\FN@K(MM&\FY^T'[.6,42;3%D*4+'(YZG=^E:] %:V=IIII&)VHYC
M1<\<=2??.?P_&J.IHWFV[1F<RB;,:DC!R"1SP 3^'O6C'#Y4TCH?ED.YE/


#Y@R #C  H BT^T^Q
$7[2X:21R68;5W
6Y&??



MEP&B7 



MT3(DKO;PJD2;CG)ZDY[\%1^%.DM)OMKSI(
.% ##A
9YQW//T%)8V4NGLL$#


BYNY1XF@8F/R

MEB($A!RQ0C'_ 'R:E?3TBTJXL[7($D;J@=R0I(/ ST'M0!3GGE2Z6420@0V\

=


!GKN[MG\/;WDE@NII
M+27=#')&&W\%UR1CCI0!G-=R+:S:A+*@GAM'= 4SE1R6_
#\AZU=U0'R4D:=
M8VC^:

4C





8[_ \Y6:(

MR[5V1-
GTJZ?
M&GQHLC&/S8E0.A8D!UP=W?(&: -JBJ-S,RV4I#MN&02;=CV]!_.LHW+)#;&2
M1@H2-?N/$ R \9YX)YH Z*BL%Y7_LW3K=I

M*PN)94#PK


M-+=6*&61F0KN!=CD&#=DY//.?RH Z6EK+NY


, $#\!^M7** ,F;3)9(C$A6,+*9(V!(DGC@8SQ[BIVM9I-(FM651
M*8FB0F0OG(QDD@&K]% %*:X9[-4$9BC8&0EB





QD^9@0!O8GW/?I[5HT4 59+

N]
?;H*L444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
CD25=T;JZY(RIR
B@!]%

MI0!+1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44R
2*(1VN?((8LQ)&3D


2: )
MJYG1;B6Q2UMXTA%K-?7
(0*05PTC @YP!\N






M 



K


JN0Y)S_NKBG_




E:A+=S2Q7&V.9.38F1D';J2&'^T./:E30=/C$85)OW<Q


GD=ZO*-J@9)P





5U.B&XDAN/



2.,XY'&,4 =Q25R]Y?K,\YEOI87-JDEB8I!*V#D@#ASG V


5=GO8UUB$V


\\;?:I%U);IEFMC*=HAWD9V'@ )@[L


A2



MWMS):V4D3GS5E



Y!(4$X49)^@[UR


AP1\
W6K<


M
4J.HN)\E6SC
C$?H0?QH O1:@LMX8(X)F0%E\\ &/


#MYLR0#8N=K
0!GT


M.


MXP:=-J
S&]ACU+
*:ALEF8EO)C
8QG85*KO!&01T//6@#L**Y6YFGLK&UE.I


MH/MMJ)U@^TP^:Y(6/S!N8CJ /:J5[JPAU2RLX'MY#+*8YE\S+Q_*6'RCUVGK





4$K@0EN2ZYZ]1RW
M;^O2@]161%JIO-7EM+*YLV6V8+-&QR[# R5(/&0.AYR
E-EUTBL&
MOFN(S:JN[S58%2/8]Z +5%8]MKD4NH3I)-:I:*)X9O-'S[RPP3TSE2
#-:3

M969/





MD8)P[ 4 2457^W6GV7[5]J@^S_\]?,&S\^E(^H64?E^9=VZ^:,IND4;QD#(
MYYY(_.@S16-:ZTMY=32PWE@;&W8K+F3YU&.'W9Q@GC!'OGM6C]NM/LZS_:H
M*+^R



MS4=WI!DU.42VD\]I-&@0Q731+&5'1E##([@@$UT-% '*W&F7
FE:];)I1!NI


Y'7CI73NBR(4=0RG@JPR#45M:6UFA2UM

+H33F:X65U 0KDEG/JO0_P /; RMI::A

CRRR-N5Q\V



 Y(R!].:Z.

R$$*BKT

G7;.:Y-G)%')
L$I:2**8Q.P*D95@1R
^H

VG3WUT)[W3;@P

QZ2XDG$.TJT67*XSSN_G7444



M'LX96 W9&3SCD\U+9::;37;66WTV2*W%M)&TC2*Y#
P8 DL6/0^O+?6NAHH



L5O);()6@G6




ME5_X!UY;_OH^V+)TQ'G@EEN)I3 =RA]N-V

MU;)K@E!.T@39QDD$]^WXUJ556S(U%KLW

MR+42HE? 1PAXW[MIY]

M=:DN=(D@M;W[-/=3?:I!(\6Z

M


 G()!Q





DU=H Q+
OJVH7[3S
M3I%:3^3'%%(T?102Q*D$Y)[\8'2KZVKQK$SW

MEH;Q[JWN)[663'F^45Q)CID

2F!GM@M1;:^\MI-=RV@2!=LFV0LXER
M 8]NWG!.,YJU;Z0MK!)!;WEU'P(CC#+B'/]TXSWX!) J/\ X1^VW2;IIS'+


M:Z#;V:6JP3W*FVB:)&+AB58@\Y'8J.G'MCBDAT&*!+817EVDMNI1904W
A.=






C;CCZT 
U6^.G6+


JD 




M



M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
DDCA0O*ZH@ZL

MY6007.Q \B

VG$
J22@
5X^;:(\[CG(^8 ^E0Z??:S=VC7
BN<AGU41JVI.#-8YW+$F488^[D
M=#GG.?;%0PZIJVHF)K22VB*6T
[I)+M#AU!)(V





MD*2 !QP2


MV@E4W 3S#&.H7.



';G


HW=G':B+;


B76H?:[0HUL9XF#B0@C!( +Q@XYW$''6IK




#WXQ7.-JFH1IJ
27C%H8X
M9(I+F% 3O)!PJXXX&






U*^-A' _D




MO  YJ(Z98&&.$V-L8HCNC3REVH?4#'%6Z:Y*HS!2Q R%&

MEI \P7;YC1@MC&
9QG&12+IUBD;1I9VZHZ!&41* RCH
=.3Q52VUR.9H/-





M4V!EB4$+Z=.GM5JB@M#86=NA2T@B1EVE4C !'IP.G)IG]E:=LB3[!:[826


#Z*J[R<D$C.1WZ5 -.MC:SW,.FI%<Z@F\


MTTYT47

M1EW
 




-K=0SQWLMT=*6







VH^^=A



M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%)0 M%
M)2T %%)2T %%%% !1110 44E% T4E+0 44E+0 444E T4E% T44A.!D]*
M %HHHH ***2@!:*** BBDH 6BBDH 6BDHH 6BBDH 6BBB@ HHI* %HI*6@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HI** %HI*6@ HHHH **2EH **** BBB@ HHHH ****




M


T 83)YMH8ER78[@OE]MW^[G]:U[



,.Q7YL'G(SZ^]/$4JVL<
%(0*SCJ
#M


[U+9W
M%#TR/[IH HPW




5O-B\M[D3;=IW8  ZY]O2@!EBYADMH$F5Q+YKR$*0
M2X/S=^/F)XJ2Y1[V01R12K;J0W& SGL?8 C/UQ^
@MI3J:S
L2P11N$VYW%F



M&
;-[G)=0

L4:W+[RH&
M[:-H9AWQ]:IKI*2BZ6YWE9)O



M&2DHWJROE50  ?F=Q_\ U59DBF:X\U0FY050L20H/4X[GCV_G4-K93V4V(7C
MDAD.9/
0@E60.-PP3P N#RV<<]!U]JL6@^RW


U8T=D:PMV59?-FA

MKN/W$TZP0O\ 

VJHBA0 K
M?XU);QW
5NRN\;RL[

\GFM!E
MECLI0SM



M]W']UBO\J 

O'YB@#.5C]F



 8[YSVJ[0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !112$X!.
^PH 6BL:62[BN)(?


R^4S-*)8QQ'L.=P'0Y]?Q[4 6Z*S#/(FDW%Q%
Y
(E*^8HSE

7(4^4YZ 4 6**J:C<_9[?Y20[G:.H[D_@
X]\#





I
AB
M9T;TXX(^O7\:B2YD-W+')=/$JS'EBO3RT('3'4DT ;-%94=Y
-!%PX#
D.7=

M$W@8PYXS^!.?PJ%[V83Q+Y4FV*X
1VMN


]R.P'_P!:JWV^&V


HB9BI)YR
=
GC']* -2BJ%W
8[L9;Y!
M%D@N5'W@



M0/NJW)P?[U %VBL72+^2ZLX':541EZAMS XW?

M@J#R
@\=

23QR
_RK7C=)8UD









M-PX(Z@]C^%244 9PMIY-
DM)$[QL&#GG&?RR0/H*A-K=LMRL

M
*-@7MW.#]




M:
DRL1\Y(Q^?4FMB@IJ

8M]VX3(6VMM^4

\_2FK#
+^)\
(A&X;]Z
M6&25QP?H:NT4 4KBV-Q=X8
DRC:JG
M;@XQEC_+&:=81W%L9$N(][

S+%YADN!.



MYCC&8F(X_





MZ(.#M*(#@_4?I4M@D\0NI)(&5I;@LJ;@3C &?TH 43%-5N ?
91#&0JY(!R^


M7)R@;(8=L_X?SH R[6[$MY=;Y[A;:
)Y;[AM(.[YL^A(^F #WK0N98[&Q
KS

M?QH B22ZMXA%)]H:XF+
 K1GDGG;GL




LE_' 'D50'+[E7)*E...WS&J^HW3VES+*]SL
MVQYV!U'RC)! /4DCT]A[VEMS'JL;1Q.(Q'(6D+9!9BGOG^$U7U.QENHKMH5D

IQDX'?L* '6\T\P=T:1!E0!N7Y




MI;^!II83Y1E50V1NQSQC/MQ4*V+M-'#+%F!$=GDW8WNQ!.!U'.3^5 %B29_M


%A$4D



MDEOX'0E4$4BLPZC)3C]#0!3@GN#9++-(\@:X* JX7@R[5Z#L
?6MBLR[L=LD



DT :5%9$FJ2OIM[(D+2(2A70J0-N0#R?;TJ^LLQ@#B+:1U\Y@./
M7C- %BBL6VU2=DDN)=GE2.!$'P%Z YV\Y//XBKEW+=Q6:*OE?:I/D4@G;N[


D



2YWV\T?D0@ADW &9O0
M$^@_,T :=%5K.^MKYUM






V!A3V %6K6YDFM#
HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** D/ R:6B@C(P$IO9
MDD\J)J*$+-SR6VCGL !UZ^M&G*T&G;V1@[L\I0C!^9BP&/7DKU% '/7&F2
MM$T7D5U6$;R@.2&RV?QJ1]/EDM+F**!4+7L
H4J$!53&3_ .@FMVB@#$N+
M(V^E7;/&6F83[!W#YP



B^M@R01+'-Y
MDLD#

[?+!P0V
Y__ %5=HH R-'6\D@M;RX7]

M@FVM&3(TD3C.
8'S#GJ:ANI=]S:
GVG;'*6.+=OE&QA_=]2!6M10!7MI/



BW4$Z73L[*?G=
$^HR!QCKZ5L44 8M
MW;

MA]C^?I5ZB@#&M=
1;



A
AA0R@3:-P'0'O3Z** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
+Y
[B26-XLG=@




'^[G)_ $\BF0ZY:[+:.WA


MC]3N(_(9-37T\LFAS7
#2VLODF13ARD#.#U%8EQILMNEE8RRLZP0)95LYG
M609Q@^6XQP!D


M-\^J6_V9I9BB*S1


!;$J63';?GD@
M=_7\ 1M?GCNKJ-]'O=EOLK!3$S@'=V#_[/&

F+5;BYFTVZ
%U&)1*/LRE2)
#(/!_#YB!^E
M6;GQ-86UM;S2EE\Y-XC9D5E X.=S '!XP

<_A0!)KUR7\,75W9W#Q
M_PCF6.6



MQPS8(!Z!1GVJ6[LII]1L[I)T1+8L2AB+%LC!YW#''L: *T?B/3Y=36P5_P!X
MS
@.]-PSE2 VX=#R1CWI(_$$,LT:I9W9CEB::.4*I5T7&2 &W'J.,9YZ5/:
M6$]@\HBN0UJSM*(3'\X9CN(#9QC)/&,\]:R='MKE9B\9_?%C&:SF3RL\\%G
MVD;@
A 


M2SZ&[SS317ACD:Y%S$?+!V.$'//S @=..I]J #Q':W*6YMH;B=YRX5(PIP
M5Z@MG;^O-+'XDT^34A8B3]X69-V]-RYR VX=#R1CWJ62PNY;VRN9+N(FW+

EMFFB6Y!LI6=_*
?SJ6)) ;/3)/&
\]: *::B]UK^


D
K[


M_7UX?=:%/.LT27_E02S+/M$(+(X8




@:%L#D*?O =P1ZXI/[%N

M#:-P4@








MGDO8=UK(78W(#Y4K@?/QP3Z\_E5C4K'[=%%LE,,T$@EBDQNL
CD=P02


.N)GWL
O?G/& #J@00.A
MI:YF[U2]T]KN(3++MCMV1I %$?F.5;D _*
9YSCWK6T@7Z12)J
L

A!KG=;DNCI6M64EU)-'#;+*LY5 S;@V4;X[ \ '
M!KIXD:.)4:1I6 P7?&6]S@ ?D* *UOJNG74HBM]0M9I#T2.96)_ &KE<TEE=
MZBDTK;1VR:@TOG;R9!MDW8[< Y&,YZ'I3Q?W?]I;(KYI(IEGM)HC1E(


UE66(D@.O0X.#6=?7EQ;:JF]I!9G8FZ((P5
MF;'S@_


;I&SGKG*^N
=J .HHKE&U6

M&WY5Q&P(Y)QC//7B@#HZANKJSA\ZYD6./(&3ZG@LJ.\O8[^%;Q_P!VX1-U

K

#V].*K_;[S3K
/ER.




Q)W;R5

G3 ''M4UO
M;06L0BMH8X8QR$C4*!^ I+2YBO+6*Y@;=%*H=#C&0:=--';PO-
X2.-2S
QX

$)CI@8XJ



$GU/.:E



8W$C@$G':K-% %)-(TR
QF/3K






M;(^SR]RQ*#M_N].GM4EM;6]I%Y5K!%!'G.R- HS]!4U% $
EK;RRI+)!$\B'

(RH,+)L&Y1[&EN+:[B
5S#'-&3DI
M(H8?D:EHH K+I]DC2

U,CTVQB=7BLK='5-@98E!^G3I[5:HH AMK6WM(_+M8(H(\YV
MQH%&?H*BN=




:X
M\/PS71?R[%H=H18Y;-7

M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !6%=1/=^(GC2:^ME^S!


MV$
27\9M94$04@$;MV/H&R


211(J1H JJHP !V%
%O&+DW'SF



MY_*8AHC]T;P








;[LY*LK
G!X.!CIQ74T4

MZ^]O;3&YW9M9)(V!^X WENPP



8HF+*=XVD?Q*2NX@=1DCK196Z6^EZ

M

Y!Y/7'IBNNHH Y*


EMJ$SSJJ


M';MRHP0PP!P2.: $U/6ML=[':L\
MIL+R20MLP2
X)&.A]?PK075+1HYG$CX
MA;8X

EP(MGFNP(*@ YP#Z?KVJ.^TB\O9
M;IY([



H
M5
A4'
9S52XL+LSZ4T0@9;6
M0O




6UL]H(;F:.=7?<C*4R-H




4LC!&VL



M* -JUNH;N+S8&++D@Y4J01U!!Y!]C69K&H7%C?6T8O;&UMYE;+W


.3NV@[L\]/;WK.T0/=VT%S8
MRVTQ@O+GS 9
#:[MR



MD*\@X/4LV^NM075X[2VGM(HWMWF!FA9BI48R'''S?ABM.)8($B7.U%C/
M4UEWVEM?:W;SW%I9W%G'T968[F!8J=P4J1QMQU[F@#3-8N+V]M'D9([::T
MED9 . R.J[@W=2#D=.*TH]5LI!
1*5\E0SB2-D.T] 0,@X..#5+4M)GO+X





DL[C3='O+:9;9;0S[[=


M2LHQ[.-G&=@XYQGVYT[&TGM]1OIG
?E7+K(H!)8$(JD=.GR_CGMCD L7E[
M!9(C3LPWMM541G9CC. J@D\ G\*KG6]._=[;D.TD7G(J*S




M6)9Z+J-I:JBFU+O9+:2 R-A=N[:RG;SG=R./K6WI\$EMI]O!
R/)%&J%D! .


L5P%0*]RP.%R.1Y9ZYZ?SJEK4%W:Z




M

MR6]L?-G199(FV @$JY7(!)QG'K65XGG+?)$+DRV@%Q'Y4






#
T
90

9./Q'YBGUEWF



M=*T+3Y)DBEMCI^]%0$.I2
'DYP01[#'O3[O4-;%A(\D*6O[V$1RE%.X



B-]K01

M06!P
$GJ
#H.M;SHKHR.H96&I&01Z4 .HKDM+L&)LI+'3!9F&9VEN@442(










]\X(

MC
;E9I/-?


M6JNJ

GD#UI
M: 
.?0_(C@BTZ/



!C28

MI_9EI]KDNA&RRR8W[9&L1T)4'!/OC-0PZ#I\)@
:3#[/(98\W

/=HC^;(@C;
PQ3[72[.SG,\,/[XIY9E=V=ROIN8DU<HH I7.E6EU=YF67S1

M
=_;I/;Q3%&D:
[EEN0203GJ

C<_-C/&<XJ]%#'#L,2*D2*%5 . /2G;COV
M[3C&=W&/IZTZ@C;Z18VP81P#!4IAV+A5/55!)VK[# I!H]B+1[7RW
+8^5I

8RS'M4H((!!R#T- $#6-LTRS&(;UC
M
0.3]T]L=.U1-I-DUE#9F'$








TK


M:&0H8_+P9Y
[





MYSU/&:U** .=U.\M%\1I&^L)8M';$
1)&#DLI .\'''/K4+7]M-J.G6_]KN]
MNUM*LC+

1AP4S[

U2:I=QW
M&IM-2*!Y(6B=+WR46

X(!ZXR







+@[


ZHEU 6*R
F!YBY)(([?EUJA/=L9[E5NIX]0BN$%O;F1L/$2N/





MT[CVK


-B)-72S62TB:.8[OGFR0




$K-P[,6&[!SD<XQTYJ34+M(7U&%-6D/V?3
M%EBW)XD^;G.<G^ X).=P]172SV+2W0N([RX@;:%98]I5@#GD
IQU/3%68HU


7Q7-%%I49EF6$&Z@PS
!C$BD]?

MQG!^7OP3_


M6D:
YB 


MREV8\8*LA&










UL4B@_=S[VS*1\

M]:MT %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !5:VO$NI)!%'(8T./-


MA65-IVISV[+(+@L&C


\OVJ


2JE@N0I/).!T]S6 EOJ

M )\-E=N


R#8X[28#;MISU

ME:.)R67/5 0.02

194\\;?





MY#)ENPD;/!XY(QCG@4GV36_)M )+@!78L.K+R
9_?_



M!0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
110 4444 %%%% !1110!__]D!
end








begin 644 exhibit10-23x7x1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!# ! +# X
A .#0X2$1 3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

03S3R1F1

MEWQLL
H


M*KQPA(W$C
@4[^BYW=?KQ[U!%XFLITA

%M[HR7$DD:QA!E

MN))Q&;?CY]V5&&&

G7KFK.D6

8VU[]FC9HVD5=IW X(P#N'UP 
=14E]KD5
MG+(@M;FX$4B12-%LPKOC:#N8==P]N:A71+H:3=V1OH2]S
\ID%N0%W-N(QO]






B!DW+G


M?+NSE2I'Y-0!F:)J;)%%;737$KR7
\*7$F
$JS8!Z?PKV&.*LV'B+3]0O_LE





M1:A- ]M)Y$5NLQF!7&&)QQG/;'\\#FM&WF

PN


*W+0SPSVP$;RK)
H565 Q'.1C(Z@4+J\?E/+-;7,C;L
BC]YN

M[O5DV%#%(D.Q@RD%6;D@G('3 Z\4 2?VL BAK*[6=I#&L#*NYB!G(.[;C'?=
MCMUXJ
:[ [0I%;W
DLQ=1&$ *LGWE)) !X]:6?3KR?[/
U[$MY;N2CK 0A!&



M^



7-N
M&=2#\N







]#C\^

ICD@@,.G)_3%6);RYAN;F*:^B5$LEE$HAX



$'[M' .3V)YZ]

M R6Z7BOY5]!#YS1J697*Y4XP 1GJ!T(Z=:T]'N)I3?0S2F8VUR8E=@ 2-JMS


@M
SGS$(CC.57&
\#!
MR



M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** (%L[5;IKI;:$7+##3!


57_LVQ%J;

^N

#J:=/86=RT
M;7%I!




M$      '0EHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH

M\2O[7;F
%H_


M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4



D$$;


YX/(S
M5NX@NIH[*WM4C\]K #

M'.* .


PW$C=C STS@=35.'

MG'6L75?#6IWLNL-$]HOV]H2A







97.1U
MQU%)_P )!I@E

)!$V87 5CP QQ@9[9ZUF7.@73Z3Y4$5NEU)-'+
7NI9
@#3EE2&)Y97

C?NS#NVF4H=WMUI;5B-5*0LOD9QYQ
M

MJ\ MH!*'&XN2G5L_


OI0!



M!V\?7K0!*I#*&4@@C(([TUI$3&]U7/3)Q5.PAE5O


9Z?B.!Q^5 &]3'D2

VPFX

C#(8'((IU4M/D



AE







HWK/=HEUB/

3CKC\Z@M8P!+MCN(B3C,DF\GCJ,D_Y%95Q+<-
MK=O)%([P1Q2 $*SD%=V./\ ]9% &Z[*B
[L%51DD] */





;67
M&/Q_2FBPVS0$2DQQ





M.)0BCT &*EHH BN8VFMI8D8*SH5!(S@D56DT\
UMY9C187#-^[Y; ['/%7:6
M@&:!9\++AHAR4(X8^_M50Z8PCB,=PR3PC$3'Y@@[@C/(/?^E:-(#GI0!!):
MB60O*=^%*JO0#/4_7W[57_LYA#'&LV?WRRRNZY:0J01SGC[H'?BK]% $)@\R
M=993NV']VO93Z_6HFM)7U%+B25#%$40)AMQ!')SR

O;KV_.DAL1;2L\$TBQD<0DY0'U ZCZ XJU10!2ETV.6((SOR
MQ
C X+@C!!]C^F!4B6KB[N)FD&)(UC157!4#=WSS]ZK-+0!%:Q-!;1Q/*TK(




M05VJR948SG(R



12(






MY78^ #D'J/RIM_8SW


*%[_2GW5C+/)Y



GMSS0 6TKR6IN!
SJX!4&+I^ ZU0FN?MTUHT;!XTN&1F
M:!@
[70CD^O%:

.-&*[LAQEN@]2
M 1^5)I_-S(L,K/:Q1JB9.<L<L?R!4G2V<QU!KF.089%0*PX4@M\Q]3\W X'
QCGI0!S:&79*!<3@Q_;R#@#.)#WV_P C^5:C
MRDV^ILLF2MDA^60M@XD_(U9FT5)(EC^3+%O
.P=&ZA?3V/\ .I+BRGF&HX$:
M^? (HL




M


6 4# Y

9*\D'L1GD ]* )K*4H&6=F$\H
^R0\*O0#V
MP

D_(QRJ_P@;1CUY/N=U@G3S'N7BDF9B5*)M



MF$$HM@MX('S/+


MG'I+B\);:(EB*K)G+
[
9@1ERPX
MVGD$^M &S13(PPC42$%P!N(Z$T^@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **J7XS]G''
M,P'(R.AJ@]R);9(PHFB9T;R0

0RJH*N00=M

M


M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B


M[QSU+8[_ /UZOT4 4+FSFFN?/21$95**I!(8'J3TP?3'3GKVBL;&YM[C+)$D






M^F14M !13'D1&17=59SM0$X+'!.!Z\ G\*?0 4444 %%%% !1110 44Q9$=F
M575F0X8 Y(^M/H ***9%+'



ARIR.H]JYZW

9
9#$ '(#=
\M6]+96\MC]B*%;?:$V1L4PH[ J00
M*BN=+M+NTBM9UE:*(@J!

=!Z@
M#-?5M6@@2.XL,74T_E0D!/F&PMDKYA'&

C[G



MQFHWT:QD



O8H9+_66
*8ETR-W!4?



1AGL9

YZC =NG'.1G/041:!I
MT1@VPR$01M'&K3R



[SGRZ^C<_./
M][-/73;5+MKI$99'.Y@LC!6/J5SM)X'.










?-D([+


;%;<6\
M=F9%AD4QGY 1A=N !G QCO4CZ39M-;RA)$-LH6(1S.BH!VV@@?IR.*L75M#


%)P

$;BV

FY\
#@K@8XX

J@%CW]ZDH **** BBB@ HHHH **** D5@PRI!'


M_$FG+:R7(^

W


N
MT&/D;5(R-V1R#TH Z@29= J%D92WF C:.F!USSGT[?2I*Y);TV\]O#IUZTKO

%7%LC:N\2 G )P2QS@YR:ZBT#BTA$LOG.$ :3;MWG'7';-
M$=Q?PVT]O^XM/)Y2[1D!L9P3VX%6JXQOLL%U!$URZ2'5V#!YV) V28QN/&=





?X66/


X&XL6;#8 .[J?49INFSP

E4

XSG.!T.* .BHKC;741

GG[/F4C!)&#G&[G_9/O70^'KHWN@V-PTHE=X5WN#G+8YS[

J:A]N5XX%D(W1G8&)3



ULHF=8Y% RRL2Y+






MWAT5W8A4Q\N%)P

MC;3^;^_EW?OC)C]XV.I.
C!]\Y[T 7[G5[2TN&@F

5:A
MFCN(4FA=9(W&Y64Y!%8U].[^(TMK34+6WN#;$%9$\QCSG@;ASCGOQ6=JJQ:1

=


M*ORW X(S]
8H Z2LQ?$&G$

8@A2




+ZV
^2
M/*$R[LCKQG- %NBJD=_:[XH'O;9KAUW*JN 7'/(7)..#^5 U.P

V
MV-O-7#GI@'/)H MT5$+F W!MQ-&9@


M!-154:C9'S

M!;HK


,3%=PC+C<1ZXZXIHOK1I)8UNH#)
R




G

M3KZTJW=L_F[+B)O).)
.#L^OI^- $U%5DO[.2%9DNX&B;(5UD!4XZX/M44VL

NI0Z=93V@N9(FE'GMD'!&%P

M5HS@%_H.] $]%


D9 SG

0%

MM((7?[[1QA2WU(ZT 8UE8WT&C:4R6VR]LU$31LRG*D;6Y!(QG:W7/RT7^CF3

#GW/'2NAHH Q8[.[AUA)($D6W=RTRNRO&/



M6[LYYX;AHY$V7918BH'#J& .,Y /6NBHH YJ.SN8@?*TITSJ/G_ M$


5ZEPFG&2V
^&6NCW#I NH6%S+&]I% Z)=[-C)D'<%<!E/
M!!&3[5UE% &9KEI-=6$:VZ-(T4J2&-93&7 Z@,



9SUKHJ* 
*WBOI3ITDFGFU:%9(I$#IA
@888)X
MXZ=?YUF/H
O]AS6[Z9/-?);&!)'NMZ.3CE0SX'(!Y QCC-=A10!SHLKF:]NM
M^GSQ02VL*5DC4AD8DXPQY&[CC'RGVR@M+]KK2IYK-Y9(9W9YB(E=49OS8;


6UM)%

M?^T;*YA@

M[3^8]ZZFB@#EX['4H])M%M[26&[BC\K86B:



Q;R5V*#E3QMSC
*QLX;AKB*U@
MCF;[TBQ@
'1++[)+&UI<,[VZ3-G4[L;61L C<.XZ4^71MDE




]^O6NEHH SM4AE-S9745N;C[/(Q
:E0W*D9&X@=_6LAM%N8
MVMYG@EECW3L]M;7!B9/




ELL





M&NP1&=CA5&2?:LJ#6)IFMO\ 1$6.]C+VCF7[YV[@K_+\N1SQNZ&M9@&4JP!!

ML1IUJ+=;B:=025

J?[J_E[G(
[=L]ZTCH\?DVJI=736J%(YU*[]IQD$;=I' [=J *DWB)D
8BT


/WH&2-V0?4\C!YJM/X?28W.;^\7[3



V*7I@+221M#)YBE-IYP1R.] &=%KTES]


N

M
#.




M &6NKW)\L/9+&;B%I;?
V0V #M? ^4X/;=T/-95G=WDM]8:@T$;W
VENY7SB


B(Y(5\X VJ1G@\$@
6[22?.3M# A0.01U(Q3+?0HK46_D7=TCPQ+#O!3
M,D:GY58;<<9QD 'WJQ8Z:ME<74RW$\IN7#LLFT@$#'& #T ')/2@AXC*I-I

3+$%!^8D%LYSC


B


OAJ%J)U
)!.

19_ND#/?@

':
[I=KMGNJXY ]0



'AJW%K) +JY D
MMQ;
5V [ 3Q@+CHQ'3OZ\U;M]






*#


C)*

 =@!SGI]:@O]%AOO
MM6^XN(Q=1K'((RN


+;U5MN-V
@-4)-?GBLH;N;3FBA9VCE,C,AC/12 4R58X .!UZ5IW]C%
M?PJDC/&T;B2.2,X9&'<?F?SJ*73!/Y7GW4\H0,&5PA$A(QDC;C([8P/S- %1
M]2U._L89K6))89)9@)BQ4*5Z';SPP_QXYKMXHD6RN+H:7<&..'SD.UT##C
M@EE !YSQN]JO0:)%+0-=7
IM5:-3(RY9&QE6P!D?*/?BFMH
3:9)IWVV[%J











\^G\
MS0!I0&1H4


^HD ERL:QG:QPIV

MJ
LD4UM%;0W#P/$\F2 0#MV9W'@_?P1VH Z&BN:CGU%M$BU-]3ES&^Z9%CC
M&

MFRC^VM$UP


4-96CW!N&M86F*[3(8P6(]

MHH @@L[:V@




/

K^E+'=.PB#VTH=L!L#Y5






YVH

M[T :E%5+NZDM].GG


M1UH TZ*@-P1$LBQ%P1EMK+A?7G-4+35GGB+M&A

MJC=7S1/! J$7$J[]NW=A5*[NG^\!^-
CU19-\X5OL@B5@VPY+'G'Y$?G0!HT



MQW[U(UZJ)+))#


M)^E6);Y!!/)&3X1@P*\G!_DPH N45F?VE.VX1PQN5$K$[SC$ =N^3^5.N
M]32+2Y+J)E=A&67:ZA@.A(_^M0!HT50EU'9!/

M$B6&0KL+





MT 8PAE31[5C)$C1VZ ).. P Y/(Y^OI51!YH2UN#Y41^Y/+ 0SR$]0P; )_7

8]#4.


M
T8YSWH YW4[0V\Y?

L;B7S41&\O#-OF.03Z_I2I:
^IRYB2+Y-^-Y







BXM+N2%_
6XNQY;+W V@D?3:?RK9I
4 8+L






OF#)SN5#M/TR!^%5&

&3(PP14QN_
9_$5M$ ]1FB@!(PPC4.P9@!D@8R:=110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 0W


A:S4AYS&


C#*

MRI_*GQWQ

M



:J
EG&T?K526WDWR3



MTB6


A4WH=K
2 !QTR3C/;K4&FBW7S6D1/-:ZD*

M$ZLJ/)AN




(T

5(^
MGW%&.GJIJU;2O-%N=-AR1CGGWYYH FHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB


M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH

-:6S-Y

M&2T^RQSJI@8
F68
6&




@C()
M]#Z#@=P#3HJC_:UD(9Y3*RK P1]T; Y.

HMC*?*;:




RRB
M!MJDA7/120


MY615BEN/*E!7)(V



MXD2X\QY4\Q$B1I&*YQG@G&: -BL_7+B:TTN6X@E6)HRI+
N0!D9_3O4BZI
M:-'
XD?$+;'!B8-D]




2

-5LVB219'(=BH B8L.N5QE<=\@8[T 7:*S?[;M1?3VK
M+
ODQI(7


3DL&V(SJ K%=V0.%)'4XH V:


(UD5BTH!









4E]INJ3W-])&EF5N8HHU+3




MDUC[1]G5;X?(8W9B
($Y!48Z9ZGKCWID]J9Y-/@



MX@%OJ15VB@#!U72K^X-X+7[
4N)89/WDC*1L()'G^Z/S]N9=6L-0OG*H\0A
MVHRH967#JV3G_

M?3FU'IMW;WL\]N(D217)B$[;)'8\$J5.P^I'7)XK9HH YF+0+D6^G?:;;3[I
MK2#[.T

CR11JA9 0#@8[UD1Z9JH

22LRLY(.X*1\F


M7AC2;S7(;=(^\[5VXP

2/2YX;RQEM[.PMH8F=Y8

U&YN+^5DM4^T0PA )F.'C8M@_(.#DC/L


:KS:W-+O=9H?LUU' V)CRK[<,/EZ_../KS5Z_L5OX3%)+(B,
MI5E7:0P/4$,.WUJI=:!;7/G*9KB..8QLZ1N%!9


-N.P
M


M'&005*XX';Z5+%81Q7S78DE



M[K3H;NZ@GD9PT2NFU2




@\A;=8A
MMV(B]
?+G@DGD]ZBBT&.&*$1WETLT._9.-F\!CEE^[@C//(H CM]=DO+NW@M





M_+QC Z8)QSFGPZ2MN)DM[NYBBE+



;AN!TQ@=
WN
M+6,+,XC5A.-[-MSD)C[N01G.?;'-6K6P^S7ES<?:IY3<'<R/LVKC@8PH/ &.
MM02Z+#)=//Y\ZL\JRX4K@,!C@XST[9^F* ,^77-2ETZ*[M[&WB1[E8,2W!+
M^;L(($?CDX]^]M-5O?
NH);*W2YA
8CC%R2) YQG.S('7MV/3K4D6APQZ=]



!Z@BJ-E++;Z[;0E+VU@FB?*7D_F^:XP1M.Y


M

MN)3-(
Y




3DR*00V_G=GKF@##OM2DN-/EA
MN;4P)=6LDL#I

 $\#&3D^]*FCQK&X:ZN)'
1A25MFZ




D:1L








MGD].*I_VW

M+.+V[67SC


N0.

')'/5

LD)G#S

LXV]
\'GKG/?'%)J0D_

I]0:?7
?;[S3K
MYX


7'N^;< ./4&DN[V

MK:!R-P6655)'K@FK*.LB!T8



9!Y%9&B_P#(
MG6O_ %YC_P!!K._M\TS3[=X[@7-IQE
;(

T@




M*D
3RRN$C12S
QP !U)K 

URT;% )&*^66&3M4 \'^'N/QT-
M%N9KK36:=_
D266+?@ L%=E!..


/3/8'@]O3BDN=3O--6Y43+
%M8)4W@*L9=RC'('W0!GG- '3T5G:








3J\5E;HZIL#+$H(7TZ=/:I+:UM[2/R[6*/.=L:!1GZIJ* *#:
M'I+,6;2[(L3DDVZ9/Z4]]*TZ0R%[U8RX\PMIWXZ9XYJY10!4FTRPN/]?8V
MTO 'SQ*W3..H[9/YT^6RM)RIFM89JE%WQ@X4C! ]B.U6** (/LEMYR3?9XO
M-085]@W*/8]J8^FV
CJ[V5LS*YD5C$I(8XRPXZ\#GVJU10!171]


MSX;.WCE*[?


A2SMU
B


I:6\

@B')[%L8)_.BTMS CEV5YI6WRNJ[0S


M)1N6WACG6
QQ3+$N^(
M8(&TD
./]K).[IGMSSVK0CTVQB??'96


M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44

MW^T+*AAV[O
##;CUSZ4 2T4BD
H92
@CO2T %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444









@9;2^
M$:-()/WL9=@=FP88

D_
222Q)
MZF@#/TNXGNOL#&6[V7&2TAE4J^%;A0IXZ#J*V='9VTR$R.TC'=EG.2?F-0MH

M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M**I:O:07VG2P7
2R1L.C#I[CT/O0!=HKD+.
V6J6N@ZM$MW&KF2PN)$#94 Y


MZO'M[D-?A=C1
^M&DE

4 :-%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110











2*H7J?
;H/H!R?K[4 :%%5[:Y^T1Q.L;E)$#!\  CMQ
MG/-

MC0F21=ULA 8' 7/XG/T^E &K14$5PDAD7D&+&\E2HZ9[U4BU*1K.Z
(D69



NK3MM'EHFZ
.58XRV*U&E%5?.XC/RJ30!



M^2[MHBS S&%)) H( W#_ !!J*XU)H+=G=0)(T9W15+Y .
@CCMT/K0!I456M

MP')4#!QZX.*HIJ[^;

IRV=P0^4_TSBJSQF26

V\9X-1M9 @/[F17E(PJ\IR?R.

JMY
MBL2R[E55

E&!Z4 <[L0W+[B(O+87

DX&3U]Z* 
&SM[F



5!^[D@5G^63[6Q8*2.!(
M1G&?0#FM@  8 P!2T 9L(B5]06$+M8!R0226*XY/T452T^
3P6ZAID=;$ .8

M3V



F<YW'\JK7

F%4EW
/12*Z  #H*  H    X % &;;AKC2) 789:56.YLD!F'!))'3\.U5K
M@!XM+V73*%=,JNW?(W/(_#FML@$$$9![4=* *;M]NH,LLY!(&QRK.?^ X'
M]*R;2QDM[FX=Q++Y90F**5AL!7HO/.!Q[\_2NCI, $D#KUH RY!;ST $H@6



M#+&R@J4D,#WY%8R*\6BV,RW,HF$*B%=@(W%0!VH UKF\6VW[S& J[L-( 2/
MI3$OO,"/R-[D?(9QGWZ \@9JCJ95;V\W$ _8TQG']]J;ZM?K\P+?;\\D9Q

4 54U-&\K


OS!P.XQ[Y&/4





I&
@TV.&*-46.-55!A HP%'MZ
M5)10!%]GA^T?:/*3SMNWS-OS8]
U)2T4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4450FU-8

M]ZMV=QYVGP7

M?%92WAO('@BX9DD##/IUZT 7J*@BN8IFWQ7

D10






R 





Y[]*




M5P

8)]?3.* -&BJ%OK6FW%H]TE[ ((W*-(T@ !!QR??MZT^^OX;6T\T



M/HJK_:-CM=OMEOA',?-7Y6/0'G@^U.-[:#S,W4(\IMLG[P?(?0^AH L4563
M4+*0QA+N!C*-R8D!WC.,CGD9HCURE
(BO+=S-GRMLJGS

JRG((]C4E !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 R1BD;
J-(R@D(N
M[



M2
#H#GOVKHJ* .;N]/N[J_U)H[#REN;6-=[


ML@.\@L) Y.02
D@D^E:NIK.UC^YMTN)0R'80#C!!) 8@9'49(Y%7:* .633;

!DCR!(^Y7


!PK D
3

2-Q&.


WU/4U/0!S/]



MEX=5]

M3I/9K;M#O3


EK-;-
V]UGF
M
KEL8R3N;L!WK'MXY!J*2M!+]BCO))(W38078E
#[L3P[6%J24?!*L![9&0?2MRHKBW@NHC

Z61A;[
D21LZ9E*MN[' '89(ZGI4&IV6H7

:^

[2@ H^_
M!&
G^/H0.1^-=+10!R-QIVI36MP&TW)EL'MUA0Q*D;9^7;ST'7)/;H#P9KO3




'EB
_*O8]_7BYIFF?V=%.L31+YKEU2.
I&G&
M.%W''O@C/M0!!?W]Q;ZI;




MB4@G).[G[I^[FH8?%.F31W#^:$$ 5CET(8

(MN



@Y]2!S@\BIDTXMH9TRYF$FZ P-)&FS(QC(!)YQ56;0
&# X).3E5)[<=!0!:TG5[;5HY6MB08FVNI96P<9'

MLGG\:RCH
VZ!%U BWM[HW







M$*K% C;3D!CW]
^^*N:E8_;HHU63RI(Y%D5PN2


MTBF

M(

MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHK&N--LGUJU\NS@

MHY./7%










QP
CV

M1
69E1]V6C' V\XZ8^E:ZR([LBNI9.& /(^M #ZK?;8/LPN-Q


M1VR29
]N.IJOYC175P2[1@[PTA8 IRO/0B@#=CECEA65&!C9=P;L1ZU7AU*R
MG\KR[J(M+]Q=P#'C.

?=/Z9_&J$4\T4_V@1^



44CAHAA0N?
-U=&&0RG(-5-2R4@  ;
HX)Z\&@=+J%X(IA(HCE *%OER
CK[4


MI))XXFC5VP96V(
=3@G^0-8






#)

%43#)/_72I)ECCN=/B3*A[EYBLAP0-K=!_O,O'O0!KT444 %%
M%% !1110 5&L$:SO.$'FR*%9NY S@?J?SJ2B@G/IMO.B+(UQ\C%E*W
BD$]





MT..M:5

G'FN/N

G3K1!/'<(7B;<H9D)QW!P?U% $:VJ17=FD9/N \!?
^.QXZBI)H%FP)2@Y*=F^O^%+%/'
TBQMDQOL;


MM& S$R2M$ORG[RYS^'RGGI5B@ JI:V


8,L0HX/)-3,ZH5#,!
MN.!GN?2@NUGF:*03RKY2% HVX[<\CKQC\:5+
)))(LTH:5@SGCD@ #MZ 5)
TM/L[2NTTDTDAY=\9


\2L



MR

_Q'J:)H(YPHD&X*VX#WIT4J31B2


;R . 1@\4 02
M:7:.4_= *ISL ^4_*5 Q_P J5[1# D$86.)


(QR1G(''.


VR/.]MC8&.O:@!D-@EO.'MY9(HL'
 (


MN%CEDA-P



M@C\P?K0 YK9#%$@ _=8V

I(.#
MR
@Y'ZBH)=.CE;S#+
)QTF5L

MA_PJK9%+Y%
D
2[;F1

XZ9JN-('VR*X:]N'





LAD99B2ZB0@'(QC -3)

/I





C$;2. /R8M^!K9:...'#
RHG.2Y&



^QZ_Y%VZLA=21

W(K


MKQM4

M/?7


M1F6.169#A@#T_P \TVV2!Y&0N?,()W,3T&.]+%!'S

ML$$8'H

^.NXE2ISGKP: (].BFMK-
;'L) /][:






V

#/L WN*U6 6W
M5KE\%%^9E9E!/YT /AFCGCWQ


GN(K= \KX!8*

$=2JX*

;ZG;AH8X8@CNHVHS J,G(]&/'^0 ;/F)O;UWD9YYQ2:
M-IFB##S$ )7O@]#^AK-T8K)/?91#Y$XC1@B@X\M&ZCW8U6EM5EOOLR)%'=$-




M/:J\D3W'V(H9'

M DX'O3JJ1?-J5P7.615#T4YY_$C]/:@UN .
C-1Q7






MDOH8G?*



@ 'X<$YJ[.TAU-8OW?-N[!BOS+QN'- %R.XBE95C<
60.

M2F:)6VF5 Q.


M/-R7EV
..5$1;'W1WJS]K\J343-Y?FQ *&C0AF 3=ZGNQ_/WH TXI4FB26-M


M

M



HJL1@9QD]
YX%6J
M* *[VB
!VYJY10!UNK.79FR!A<<








M@1YIW\EV=6
9BSQ@EBQ(R3QC'MQQ



MV3^/-
73D64R+/
F1^?KT%2T4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 45%<7$-KTUQ-'#$O5Y
M&J.W4TQ[ZSCM5NI+J!+=L;96D 0YZ8/2@Q138Y$EC62-U=' 964Y# ]#0



M\B5@/_'6/Y$^]=3+%'/$T4T:R1L


M6:PLLJB.2;_5NH.T8V C!'.6/&36\UC:-/'.UK 9HQA)#&-RCV/44JV5JLTD








.GF[:\M&CE:$Q$
)3AGMC(-N






ML!Z9ZTR/3;&*!X(K*V2%SEHUB4*W&.1C!XH R8M2EU&X2W@O)+7$+2AVC4
[


M_F0K$OE@2


CI&%+GW(ZT 4]3N9!?6=E'.UM]IWDS*%)


MRM+)96SR
NQF:)22OH3CI[5(EI;QQ1Q1V\2QQ'
:J@ 0^H';J?SH PFN=7DU
M*:VM[F$+9&/S#/(%



MO0!#I-T=04WB32&W955(V51\P'S'@9SG@CU!J[/_ 

M-Y#B120



CC((]Q4!


MD4:/?WNIO8YU ;)+%9G\J-
F0

MF)IUE'


MJ#[!9_9C;?9(/(8Y
7EC:3ZXQB@#&B?5I-3MK*ZOTB+6TCN;558[E=0#EE]#
M_='?\)[)[R1S9R:A*US;SL9'

MD@B4

6]W\I-\BA7;:
L!G /J.3^= &%:WUY=I8VSW9BDG29FN




M
5E:02RRPVL
6S^SVL5M;IY@D9#;JT<A]&7C/KU'0
M4 4(Y]2A@AEDO)726]2


] &+]JU2UM_]+NK?9/+&L4RR0QACR3\BC'0#@\



3DFQ@)_[ZDJX-*TX1&(6%KY9&TIY*X(SG&

M/UI#I&GX?996R


:?-!,;3[5&R2JT*,H,.]]^!N(
M!&, \]A0!NO=6Z21QO/$LD@RBEPP]AWJM%K6FRI.XOK<) ^R1FE4!3^?KGZ

M
JMGYD!.

;ZV\J






M)X%6Y;VUAFCAEN88Y9?N(T@#/]!WK#:UOFE9IM/
C_87A#IY8&XDG&-W&1C/
M;-






%)


MNUF]

]
UE36


=

]#

8(&SG
8/?WZ*?]RF:YYWVFS-G'YETF\JN%


M^?*VRJ?



]LE@UN)5F:4#YBV
$]!Z8]:TIU::TD4*59XR I[$BL!+2]PGF:
M9(673?LX.^
X?N/O?_6H WI+NVAECBEN(DDE_P!6C. 7^@[U
2:*X^U$Q@,3_  ;N&PV/NX]ZO:M!</+97-O&
M9OLTQ=X00X*LO&2!D9SS0 W4]9MK2T@D2[M5-RP6*220%






@VE?7/I[UE&
MWOH5D5+-7_TUI%DRC
JMGYD!.










M-7O7T_39KJ.$S




Y]J

9763[
!\K$L2
M?7C=C/IB@#:HJA;:I'=7LMM!!._DOLDD*A54XR.I!(/'0'J.U7Z F2QQS1M
M'*BR1N


  8 IU8MMXGTVZ

MLQQU'#8-:MO

\MJ57E


^A_*@#8HK
75;97N6DCN(I(A&KI(/XF^Z

VJRI=?:9E-X\(N&V

4 :506]E:VKR/;
M6T
+2G+F.

M%9



@'.



6X

M %96LZ.^JY0W(2%H7C:-D+#)Z

M()W@ 94YX&%'!!HN=!GF2:%-1*02RK/CR0760
2#G&1G&.OMQ6Y10!CKHD
]L?(O)K:=CU#VV8SZ';NSG_@
M5:5% &

M

M:Z6B@#-M=

MNUN2P7&/F.[YCCTQZ\ULT4 90TV]&H07?VR#

_6H
MK71;JU2T:*_3S[=&B+& [)$)!P5W9R

S-/&\=RRLJ+$5*!5@9W'/ '8<_E6C110!AW.AW4YO\7T*B[GCF'^CD[-F



66!;EL-GH3D\@





M&^ADN2MA%+#;@%BEP=Y&



M_(QFI=1N9+.QEN(HTD:





])'J-E*5$5Y;N7(50LJG<2
X'/IS]*RU\

=_XMQ]ZCMO#UU;^4!?0
(TMX_\ CU.2(B2/

ML38A('RNS CYO1R/R^E $K:K-6%D'B8%Y)'$HS&5*\
.W# YSVJ8:C8FW2

MN/M$+7$C
9@T!


 PB/;C9T)&3^% '2UFZAJ

&3#%=P'W@QB(XZX




1
M7B1SAQN)P?E_@! 4_G0!T-%96DV$$$LLD
 CA5V%NIA\LH#@O@'G!8?IZ8JE


M5]J!LY88UM)[AIB0OE%!@@9YW
.P-8TVA7DEM)%Y%B1F7R4


8)(@4#?/M
MZG/'!/(Q].1@FIJP;W2)YKV1XK6S
32P.\I#'9G).$/.#MZ]/RJ*'1KT/9F
M6P MCE=C9(!9LKN*9V[2.!CIW!H Z.FY._;M.

M&-7C$K%92C$X;Y!P5..^


]

M&!N3&
CCYLD\=J -JBN3O-


//:K+Z&Z:AY]O:6.S[3Y




M@O+#;F*VAMD$
ZL[9WAW*LKA3&OW67@$+CMT&0#JZ*Y8^&[O^S?LXD4'S2YC
M\U-IR 

M.IIKNJ;=S ;CM'N:YK_A'[U[A)IVBF(@V;#*-N?+V%3F


+98+M8\IUZ$'OCM0!T-%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
H !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% '__V0$!
end








begin 644 exhibit10-23x8x1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!# ! +# X
A .#0X2$1 3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C
M8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V/_P  1 / CX# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *

9/




MGHKDX[^))EF;5GD9=3






MZJ+412(;:
AV

MPE^#

'
M QQC% '6U6O[V/3[1[F99&1

8C

MLC'!Z'I5%IU70KZXDUF.YCDB4&
AAY;Y[[G8J3G&WCIP* .RHK N%==1VP37



G#L$SS@9Q^G6
MM7P^I%O*5U--0B9@R

MR62[KE8F

M^%YOQ;SP@ 



M4K%6=6O;8%%+

M

M:D2L5C(F7YR
9 YY/(_.GB\@E8K#=0%DD\MP&#8;NO!X;_.* +-%9=[JPAU2



MNLK%8RLJD.1V'/)H LT50FUG3H!$7O8

MN


%+CI^?ID_04]KVV@BA:YN[=/-
M


ME9
JW=Y;V[

J)950GZ9-*+VT


MYHI)8KJ!XXCB1UD!'W/:@Q147MK)LT=S\3'NL@*D^@-4=2URTM=/BN
M8;JV=9I5BCD


MJ:?_ &E8^4)?MMMY9Z/YJX/..N?7CZT 6J*@6[MF:55N(B8?]: X^3Z^GXU6
MFUK3(;9+AKZW

)^8GM\XQW!Y/(
M/&0?P% %ZBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ JAJL
THM'@B\TPWNRA@.,$=_K5^B@
M#G+TO+;1[F-=+2&\::.%_+;E]P*@-MRHZ9(Y%0IIMXEW9
^G/+Y-]+.92


M5D8EOX^#AL?@:NR6=V-3:6&*7R)BSS1R
A3[FT%3]Y6/ XR


MJ
YW+MP




M@@X_O5T%
M126\
KQO+%&[Q'*
R@E#ZCTH 2TB:&W57YD/S.?5CR?UJ/4A
;46\3R\;8



MAHH Y.TT^[A2Q0:0\:1:C).5#182

MYA

H;3A \9=#AQG@Y.#G/TZ\^



M
.




 X&
'OV[UTU% '









M(YL!VR2#!53MW8ZYZ8[8YK/NM$OKB:YD.H6ZFX2)6 M3P8SD$?/W)/Z58E

M!^/?GTI9M8@AF96BF


07 5+D6K2


M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@

VT..V
 !

MN-YP

IMB]O?[@QD*.TK

60H;=O&
MT\]


MB0N
 ;ONG/H:338!'IL43-%*I4_

M@F5$YC7U)!(S]
!Z4 =E13(V9HU9T*
1DJ3G'M3Z BBB@ HHHH **** BB



M$


ML:( #Y; %ACIG&1^&#4$^CV
]FMJ8 B(=R%#M9&_O!ASGWJ_10!3-B_V6.V%

M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@


K$9 '/T'6IG
M=(T+R




MH4'F*V]MN5(..O)]N* +-%1?:8&(FC(3&XAAQGIFJ_]J6GVH052=F\L&&U



9'9A['L: +%%1


(ECSM+


D \?G4;WJ)/Y)CE+X+




MO%YCY(W*O'








M2&1Q&_FLQ.)N3V'([5FQI(IO'=Y&E\PY=2X'C' XP*T[2SBLT98FF8

M9GD/YL32M:1&&6+YPLI+

MP0I;Q+''NVKTW


#2SP)YMU;R$

M4@MH1(L@C 9
X(XH HZ@K?:

J&/WUYQ52X21)]K(1&)[;8S1JI)+\
: '&XB%R+<MB4
MKN52


;LPD ^A!.
C]1WJU- DS1
X)
3[UY[X(

HF()08'&0.?QS




M+=EXY ZXJY=VD-[ T%PI:-N& 8C(]..U.N(([F!X)1F-QM8 XXH R)4EMY8%

M64$#+DXS]34A12X8@;@
 ^E #JQ;39+J&KV[PF0-=(S9&% \J/G/U':MJHI;

/WLN]!C!*!57/N


M=OPH JV







M5)[X'7O6?IL]U#

M1TZ4V*R@AD5XU8



Y



1(ROY!#D?
264$?@



MD*

M8% &D+F(RB

M''F-MY^F*=;W$




B[ O/SL%!YZC)ZTRUE26]NVA97&U



MGT-1_P!H09N/F'[@X/S#YOE!XY]Z;9^:]DJM
CS


M93J4;S01J9E#
8SC_5I[T :B7*2PQRQ*\B.
@@8_//2FQW0D+A(I3L;:W Z_

_9K.5-N]&1%#+D






02
AD=6+87OSC.3R
@=Z +:WD1D=



0 3=NWC'TSZU-/=0P)&SL2)&VIM
3')(C,5+A<*N0<YQW&.
UF7UK-+J=W)!Q^XA4OYI3;AG


M/QK/9S

RR#NV[Y0?[H _A QSW.
M: )AJD#0R2JLIV%@ $)+XZ8^O;/6K
$Z3KE-W3G((_7H?PK)EBEDN%9) DD9



M)+

MY6BGD3?Y:LR[@&Z@D'_EH.X]JUZ %HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *9(@D7:68#
MOM.,_C3Z1FJ68@ #))[4 5Y+&VEB$30KM7)7;\I4^H(Y!]Z/L

M8




P59$)/0

%4=23BH/M]INV_:8
M=V







M8?





6


MD'C&#2+*C3/$

T3Q2!BC@JPW

VL37*


BG/&&()X_X*2VBMVD:

E
M;:N0


M% !1110 4444 %17/-M(
9)4@#U/I4M1S0I.JK)GL&P1R#D?K0!CKOELQ;
M)N
@B'&[CC@\[\=1BM@EG56B=
$9R1G/ZU5&G8P%O+@1AMVP;

^]




?4]/Y 4 1:C(\.FW4L;;72%V4^A .*HJ\WVH-







Z:MMECDWS0$[BRD (W3@=_
_2



M1*1C(P0
UI7


A['CIGBL: F1HKAL
MK(?,41!&=% 8+A<+C@(/SKI*JQ6,<5NL0).QV=6.,JQ).1_WT: ,Q)V@:AA

_&



M0IS6R

M]?IG\JDTCRF


M 


MFMUA+


M5HA





GE#Y3][TJ8YP=N

7_

?.6Z8QUSZ8Q4?]H67_ #]V_P#W

M12

$'!_E35NH6$!#X\

M:

[(58E8I$=RS8 7KGECD8H T9KJ D2RJA SR??%*E
MQ%)/)C@R18WCTST_P ^XK.U&18[X

MR1E-Y9F8

=
\


#U8YQGFK$C^7JUE+&
?:D9)%'?[E)]Q@C\: +LMS#2)' (0R$=]HZG



MCFSRCHFW*]L\GGZ4 2XB:Z:V#_OD0.RXZ*20#^AJ6L=':S-?'B%BMIN[9'
M(/TW$K]36I*)2H\ET1L\ET+#^8H %FC:9X5;



Y)K/T]2FHR+)&7E$*?O



!O20F


MI;
T;LGG

M9S(=O\ZRB99_#UL58JKA&D)Y)&X?+SZ_RS4\BRKJ]NRVL 8PRGA^O*=3MH T
M)KB*WB$LK@(2%!ZY).!^IH-Q H)::


M7!:-MK#T.

P1@,AH^3P?7TIL0?:[;_1XEW/P?+

$[
L

].GT-4




M-O7S-FX;\9QWQ3J *7]G!V/GW
\ZE2NQ]H'./[H'H*L^3&;@3E09 NP-Z#.3
M_3\J:;F!9EA

X_0T /JH]A&Y0EY!LE:










M%'H
KFK(EC*%PZE!G+ \#'6D
T0QF5.1D?
.GK0!%:VGV6)XTFD96.5#8.SC

M!NA)ZTTW$(&3-&!_O@&73X)8C'AE4RB5MK$$L


626B%E

OYT%T5=S


M)


MM(4+#/\ =VGG&



))HE+ &

$NW
MECN^49P/9B/SJ2+3IK,;;Y(6RRS1^9GZ$$$?R'88XJQ/;-+=1339LC=#@

BSN4N;M0H!^Q3;3LMV!;Y

CJ[#=($WE1










M2 Q31J2L[
&![5?DMEEN?

@^E2RV'F[G9AYS.

\TBFY9&NQ

%

!!M_=QLF?+/USR/;K[T 9 D+Q)(BS!;?:XW










6I
M?
O







#\/\


L#QAMN]2N1VS0!A6Z M'NAWQ@0E@% R=I &#[FK=

Z/



ME'Y]3]:T: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ I&8*I9B  

MX&.

&AZ8KIL9


LQ. !6



H!['G\


F@I*XV&2-7\Q7YR5'S'IWJ

DDX %+66NV&PM$A. \^V4 =2

!NVYYQZT(Z2+
MNC8

H&

M

EU;R




MJJ(BLCR/O.%B 4ECU ''Z]J +E
\Q/


99&.
MXC POL


MF[B6ACD(

S*&!9?O#/2J5N%.E2$;FWA\Y8L3U''S
M-_.LS[-$]D(EMT






$11EF8X 'K2@Y

%G
ME)93\S*Y&.OL*T[)=B7#QQAI/-9?3(!X&: +U%5_-N/^?;_R(*%$L\9\Y3 P
M8XV/G([=J )@ZEF4



MTDKJB*
EF. * **:7Y3
D%P\5N4=1$ #M+$$D$_0\'/6GQZ9'$I2)F56'SL6
M)=N


G/! 4GH1CUK0J-IX5




M/3 !Z5;ED2&)Y975(T!9F8X  ZDFCS$WJF]=[ L%SR0
9/ZC\Z *46F&.99#

G2K!=5ZL!]30&4
MG 89],T 9S:-'O\ ,$KF4&3!8\ /('/'_ 0*N6UL+?S3O=VE<NS-C.< =O8
M5)+(D,3RRNJ1HS





M

M:$B




IB#CS  Q7/


0 !DD]J *]I;R6T44/FAHXHP@&S!.
 $G/M2VUJ








#'7FI

S
S$\M@*/0 8!_'-
33?)N4DMYF
M1-^^6
2!U_F* 
V/
M2LVRVC[HTM7WVL\1 9!S@8(Z@$CD$$5+)9RRR6\

  #



 $G/M4^]/

ME=0R

FI6
MD1H9@QV@$]3C.*=0 M

@GV!YZ5LW#R06F8G4X7)FF88 ]3Z_YY
MJ-=+A_M&:Y=(V22*- A7H5+'/_CP_*GSZ?$^F26-NJ01LA10J\+^% %0![=H

\
\4[@H\=I



 ?X6!.

MVQ 2ON






MC.?\:3[VT#[5.S9R69OY 8'Z&@EH[I/$TPCPBP(C


#;2E( &/DL


M[1%?

YN$DTE@L$[H)5&#EEJ<?



MF6

\89YI&PP 2$XQ&H]P.3Z_P31+9%Y3*+B02@Y0G!#'0#I_7WI(H+\2J


M7\N-R'0 2+N'+ ?R-365I#8VL=M;J%C3H 





23T'(_I
MQ0!;I:R+(B..6%I9RV0SND9.]FY)^[D#G\JUAP.N: %HHK.#NM[+PT;G&[ +
MJP&=I '0D9S_ +HH T.O2C(YY''7VK



MS=N 5

MM+72VT
F]I0S_.QYPR@\ DYSC!_F =#167J-PLL=G+;S#8TOWAG##!'MQSG\

MJ+5+DB./RQ-$S36[;O
/*M
H(QGTS0!M4M9NJ7
L*R+ 6
GE
X&%*CD  YYY





M

L%E7N-OY@C- &CWQ16##-
]_\ N'3SIH76-Y#O


MZR


M%$5T&Y0 N=IYX/O@_7H*1YIO[7WX\OS)DB!ZDQ[7/0].1G\J -NDK/MFD.J;
GWOS[4 7J2H8#<):AKK8\V
<=ZIQEQ92EE
MF)WMN#O@@9[$=O2L=E/FRW#&?8T*9Q))NQECZ]#F@#I*6LO5)7&G+8CF9DC
MD7?G:C
08G8JBNG(*X^Z <<F@#8HIJD
H89P1D9&#







M 9/]FW#VZ(\D:

MGR#WI: 


M7 QFJXTQO+\HR+L*;&*QJORGJ 


=
#'6M6DR/7K0!6N[1KIT^?8



G
MY'+
/Q!IECITEK=1N1'M1)1N'4EW##C'8#'6M*B@#


 #'/UHTFVO(9)&O+6T1BQ8212%CSVY08X K4HH H:A9M+;W0MD7S;
MF/RV+N0

M*F?#N[/)Y9[LQ) /7'.



W[!




3M%8V)D;YR=OS=/]G]:T
M:2@M!%-%IL4
Q

M-!+-Y)

L.G3CCGW
M]'6=@]NEH'FW?9XMF






MNU6U&%[C3KF&( R21


![9[



A@%51&
6A&#G'4G\ZT#IUQ#
M<M<V\R&68H)]XQE5/\..AQD<]:D_L[%\)MSNKEVD+/C!(   'L/TH K6.^.^
M0&0;7:0X\S.[/(XW'WIS7!C%P5CF0BXPP#;@54X !'7/YYJU;V\D=XS8V0(
MFR-1*S9]R#P
8 _.HIM

IR!^0)_/VH 2P<QZ;(YD/R22_-(2V )&
M]3ZLRQE-S;6/G!XQ&X;9L *MMR


/_KUIMI\IT^T@#KOBD1Y
$A3A@6'O^-$VE^?)
M*7D&U]XP
CY6VY!Y_P!F@ U*Y:VB29PRX1_W:M@9 R
G\


QJ#/YC%













4':<CR=H8#
MIDX]S@?6J<LDC6UTN[R[N\F:.-#@_P (QGZ+Z8Y^M7M,L)+-U#B/0+'O4\L

AF0LDDKIL4*T@&TG'4=S[UG:C

?'SH3U'ICTJ.;3@




MS^- $EW-++IX

J;F(&XYSD_B: *5K/)%X=MI

]L%]DYA



M;A1W_*@#
:=TL-0NB98+EC(V%7=@*

MG<6EP7M$BD5HE1O-D*G(9B3PISDL:N


T*RQ(0&[2@H1^!

5)/.1CID\8_I3KFX


_<U7@U#3W$AN%W&639A3L2


HCCC;Y@#GDGD=C^GO0!M457O;I
M;.!974L&D2/ ]68*/U-4K.[D%_JB


86T
*NCLY+GCG((]




#=N/+C;@Y)Z


M =1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %5M2ADN--N880#))$RJ&. 21ZU9H



?CZTZ-&BN;@^0S(Q7;C'91ZFK



.Y[^M:%G$]LSVWE_
MN%^:)\CH?X2/4'],5;HH S;&VE#!I4VB)YB@/\19R0?R_F:$6[6&]G\HK-*_
M[N,,<!0HYZ#)!/T-:5% %!(9(9@$MP8T<*GS?PD?

M$31^47&&.02@]L=_3TJW10!CO97(BMF5%D^Q_=3A3


M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110

1N
M

BWB\NS
M9[IS*#$N]P/+;:W*HQQGI\H_K]SIOVE[)WN[@/:-O!&SYVQC+?+Z$],=?I5
M:'P_%J&.]NQ




[N
=5!XQT].* 
XZ^(K.



M


K@@AE
0QV[^U &AI5_)?PR--:26SH^







QZ@@@CL10!FRZ]<1K;.=-9%N5VQ

H%6AHL 0_OIO,:<7#2C:&+ 8[ #IQTS^/-*FDIT_D7=S#'
68Q*5*JS



M6.SYD6+RI#)O+'&

M(P8RAF4IUR 







P&
@@#@_

_F2.P4%C@#HH Z



LGFSK%


]T^HO8B./[*]H[NPE97[#




L\D*LTY#Y3.XE=N!]TXY]
XS5V]


M#8

MX7GD8/!QT/3C
T^N_97N4N;8J\0B9%1B^\2

MP+N)89%!3&T=
97/=OS/MA9- AFFEDN+NZF
L:1D
4&-ARK#:H((.3^/TH @






M[C]:I0:!%;W



M#'-*J/



@[+H^HWL\NDO<7'F]M'E=-B@*R[
8P
_Q'.3^5 &^9 )5CPV
MY@2#M..





MVD=A%$OSLDBJ&RV?E8'.!C@T =)17

41L5#'<-H XSP,DC&* .F)P?2D1@Z*


M66QCN?

VMVUHKR7B27
M3 I!$R,UPAP=I/EC!X. ..OK4D-Y/+'IMLNHR




EO#









MCWS3Y[[5;F\^SV
UO&T5O%

&X)YXXXIFIWE[!J;0PSQI&





M()/
F




MC)SLD0
/R-




M0GU/ Y]J2*_LYHWDBNX'2






M6.PM456W*%A4 '&
CCKBJFHZ_96UFLL%Y:.7E2(
95*KN(^8X/0 [OIZ=:M6
MMZH\NWO;JT^V/DA(GQO7/!DYZ?7ZF@1M/LF14:TMRBIY:J8UP$_NCCIP.*
F/2F&\M1=?93<P_:




MJ.HH 7[+;^7)'Y$6R0EG78






MAFN88Y9/N([@



M'2EGLK2YECEN+6&62


L@(3Z\\5+#-%/&LD


M8X7<?09ZT27=M%<);R7$232?<C9P&;Z#J: &1Z;810&.RMDA9@QC6)0I(Z'

&XL!DC'K@@


+*T8+J/0'J.I_.FB_LVD
=P TL2N0
M.F2




G/S'BM73TG75+YWM'ABD$91F9
'X(P36G10!G




M
TE]97L_]J^5I4H^TV

MF-8KA)MH
8W_ ;26.22PSCTP.]5[/3[V.PC32Y8!%?32MM:(;$8.%/#=@X


4 D')S@DD]U[?6H9I=1EATYI+-H]3C#;D)CD!&T!F^8 02?[
MP(]*Z6H+JRM;U56[MH;A5.0)8PP!_&@#!TZS:/5-.D@L)1#;VSV\DS&/(.1
M@'#'.
-TSC/UJ*/0II+2XMY()TNU25(KIKMFC.\'D+NX)R

1D;

16]10!S<6F7;V.
MM6ZV?V5KF?S8OG4*XPH(RIR

M8_'\.*TJ* 
J_MY'US3;B.S
BQ;Q)



#((R3[GM6SI*W26F+P'S-Q(+!0Y'^UM^7/TJ]10!DW5
MO
FJS3-9F]MKB!82@*?)@L3D
\L9Y\S?:(W2[/EYX^4IN'(Y'W<$=<5T5% '.:79W5
MM_92?V8\*PF428:/;NAX;G\*+2RNX9-)WZ<2UMYB22ATX4@@=\X)YP/Y\5T
M=% '-6]KJ22F9[ J#9O#Y


TM(V=IVD XX)&: 
MJ'6;8Q6PA@O)&N?




#XQFDAT6\B_L__ $^
M_8I&?_CV/S[@01]_CAC^E $MMJL
2P0LMV\9)BCNI%!$K+G/3G/RGG ![4@\

T$9BY4\X!;
M/*@G(X!X'-1_V)=?V1!8B^AWPSB;S#;G!P^\#&_U]^GYT 3C7(
D/;W*;)Q;
MR%E7$;G&W.#R#D=

M&#P!0 _3M82\CL'G@F@FN(3
H/W
8&3D'!Z\ \^PIZZ[;G:6AN%CDB
L
FP$

 F@#FS=W'



?O!V IEWH
MU*KR7N[RWBD
MC







&[A2.*Z-SY8M^,E=I ^;CJ?7MZ'-V6V2WGO+B9FE@N@JML)<Y
MQM[9.


M8P

M.Q?3O^#VT.9]1BO'O%:2&9I$8PY8*RD%










O7/'T [4L6B7L=HD'V^ E+K[3N^S'DEBQ&-_J?RI
MS:'+Q%'?&.W6Y^TH@B!96W%B-Q.

MM4CFG@2:WN8KHVK3;


M/=11QR



$@*E2
M?F&6/=FX^G/'

1D


M


C%








9]Z^46!81N1\W3 .!VSU/0@'1JRNH9&#*PR#D$4ZL&UU&



9

9$MUBBU


MM9UZY'\1Q[ULA[V73!((D@O3'GRW^=5;TX(S^= %NDKG8M;O96@P8
7%GOCS








QD9 .3

M&000Q6LBJ5 +
X9 P^;( /(['O\ 6J.N6UO)X@L6DTM;]GMI@R;8R3@I@_.0
M.



M 3NQR
]NH[9XW+/[1]EC-V8S.1E_+4JN?0 D_P Z )!(AE:




M)8D


Z'0


MY/

=?
MXNO\Z (9- T^02ADG/G2B9\7


54L0
A1U/M0!2BT:QADMWB





MR??]?O57O-%4!391[CYQF=9+N6




M=#''ND9L*3G')Y' QGIVIHT6P5+=4A9/L_$3)*ZLH]-P.2.!P3C@5H44 9LV
MA:?.TYDBD/VA!'*!/( RCH
!L ?3U/J:MR6L


M.X?@::VCV3-;MLD#6S%HR)G!#'J3@_

I5<X4G)Y '6GV&GV^G1M':B15=BQ
M#RN_)Y)^8GJ:M5'++'%


4


K

E
M2B8200%)'C?8P+8 /!/.#V-2T 4[S3+2]?=<1LQV-&<2
H93U! (!'UHMM+


O88S
M@8]NF3ZU:
$9@$)7




@C8








MT@N)Y()5N(H[BV5



M@$ 5U*


$-SVZ]\U-96SC[(S6T\5U$KC
M491$X

MQW
;



%XD6*]EAT^1[62(+;M
MZC=D[W
X4J;=S$);;\O( Y&,]!W
MKL ,  9X]3FEH YZL8K.WNQ;Z=-%(-0B=#;6[#<@*G^$?
N-_'3/OBK
=B9
E7]?CN9=*D2U\S?N0L(\;B@8;@,\$XSP:T&17&'4,,YP1FG
M4 <D^DVILX(K..[,[3^;;S3VFU;=A@GY0@@X'&!DG(]0Z!(6L]/5]*F33XP




M
MQH



\LMQ

'Z\T :+:U8*_EM*XE*EQ$8


NS((ZX&
^HH MKK-K)?VMK$)9/M


-RH1N^=A ]P0*R-


MD3
P7&0



M6CDN'@82(FXQD;F;D*I(PQ(]



M@SI*('!:(A5*[22

M*$_;/.

Y]L5DV6GZ

\
M4DC*A12Y8C.0H49.
'H#P*MQ7$

MB/S6*





M




MIDL3UP.V/J4GURTB@AF3SI5EE\H!(7)5NX*@9!'IC-4H+&;[!96T)5;O2I!M

G@9Z#)]* %TG5Q

M

-PQG(!'/X5E)KHGFL9XVDCM9O
#1M
M V]RHR



N?E/]: +RZQ8-),BSY\@
ML)7
4C*C)#-C _$TG]M6 C=VE=1&5#JT+AEW' )4C.#Z]*HII5]/#JJ7/D0


48
A5E([$
QXJ]I=K=6UQJ#WPA+BX\V
M/RYQQMX.5&/N@]^OMS0&DZA&\ 3[,T<6H/=9,C E6W\?=//S_IUYX -(:M
M9FU6X61V1F*A5B=GR#@C8!NX[\<5:@FCN8$FA</%(H96'0@USA\/W3LDUQ;V
M%P\=Q/(()F+(R2MNZE.&! ['O70VL*P6Z1+'%$JCA(EPJ^PH FHHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH ***;)O$;&
*7P=H8X!/;)H =17.1:UJ
NFV-PL44DM_\ ZJ..
M/_5X4DYW.H;H.


7!&-W]TYQV[+)J5

G&3Z4ZLJ6]O(;B'

&_P =,=^
MU &]16#::I?76J1P2T5?
D$L B8RQ*I(!)W#[V.#COQGK6XZ*Z
CJ&5A@J1



MUX^E6--OKR[


KV(^;@_G4=OJ]\\ML


MRI;=AL@]1C![4NK:I?QP:DD
D

9).
#K5V[U

MZPAJFHN-4E1+4+8LP6




JK;&Q


G'6@!:*P+;5K]Q8;_
M +

?
MC0!MF2



-X)(;:SCG2!
MU*]=Y/S ]?E/;G@<=2 =$" 0<@]Z6L:XU*\+77V06_^APK)(L@),A()P"-
MO Z\_3BJUSKEZGV^:..W6UMXKE0P9F=6#$@\C!^7WQ[YX .BHHKGO[1OH;^



_[+9R/P-/FTJTG$6]9 T0(21)G1P#U^8$$Y]S3Y+Z*/4(;)

C\N* *ITNS^TBX$163 4[790P P-P


MULJQ4Y';D4 


ISAA
M@X)!_

%N'$9).'D9^O7EB

GEG(X& 


30=/C







MDRK(C29+!)7523WV@XS[XS3YKV.&]M[5ED

M/NVD+\HP
G)H KKHE@EM%;I'(J0DF
K/(&3/4!MVX#VSBIGTVTD5%







8ED7RI3$V]=IR
M=O3FK!8 @$@$]!ZT 9T6@Z9$R
+4-Y894$C

MP[@P7[1)QCH =V0!UP.
@'M6@C%ER49#D\-C/Z4Z@!%&U0!G &.3FJ5[I%E?
MN[W
3
SQ^4Q61EW+G.#@CU/YD=S5ZB@#._L33R\CO$\ADC6)_
F=P5'08)(X

3[UV_
 #QGMR

44$6GQYBC+DH]Y-$P+=PXR?
M7CISFMNB@#

1/MD9
M2RC/!P?

M





?=QTXZ59



MQ+=:=%I\TT&IW

'DG@=CGBEU W%O

G)YR5(Q_M5U=% '
7TLD%K;WL=RYCE
DYADN7B9M
MQ&S:3D9 X' ))XXKI8VW1JV

/L
 D*B5
M-J_P9PP)W9.#CVQ5G09$N-1U1C?27+P7155




MIJ4TD.E7;W0N!)!$C1I.4?S
_

MQWJ2F1QK'NVC[QW$DYR: 
;Q!.L=_I4+WKP)/.R/&LOE[UVGN
'KM'![_2LR

M(



M=#0!NS7UI;IOGNH(EP&W/(%&#T/-)=:A96947=Y;P;QE?-E5=WTR:YVTTZ\A
MBC$FE

S0BSEP]G%#=!&B9UQNXR9%GOD;LY
MZ#% '2_LS)#&+N O.NZ)?

MCPJX#IN'((SD ]:W;:X%P)(W38Y3YL'..XP3Q_DT +//#;1&6XECBC'5Y&
IQF@#HP00#D'O4)N[870M3

MT



2Q)Y#'C(^;W.+=C9W5MJTA19
M%M&




M''K]?Z'TJ;3/
&G6ZS0O#(B!61RI((&/X21^M4M2M[K^U(KJW,RUEB(5E!
M#









YZT@U*P


4_



MZ?E3KVQO[N[O'CL)8HI%MG53

M.Q_




)1\^\L.O3JO&
UFW=AJ5X+W%EY0GTQ8%WRKN\P%^
#(_BZ
MY]/?!J5G?W




MYH =16GB&5M/MKO[%Q=_PH16=V/!)W!4) X'0'KVJQ%J\UQ'$(;%Q.T9DD
MCG8Q[%!QW&3GG' SCG% &M16+%KDL\)EBM%VM9B[CW2X)'=3\O'UYI+G6Q;I
:QLYYDFGM8))4^Z[Q@LOT)K-N]:GM


%






M4[V9K.-(WN6M9G,_$;ABO'R_,1@=.2*OVLLEW;R--&L:LS*GERDEDZ!LX&




MJV4
A'O

!@Y(SU'N: -
M2F[%WE]HWD8W8YQZ5C3:Y/;N89[.,3I+LBK.2NR1MH93MYYZ@@4YM;F6:6(


8QVJY;WEO=-





MS_=QTK1HH K7MI]KB
?GRPY!!*;3D'V8$'\N]9S^&[=HYXDNKJ.*:V2U


YFB@1XHXG<;51P



M[ T1'S)_=((((_6KU06UY;W;3+;RK(8'

NFQRSQ2/-
RQ
'6-

MV\JR&%S')M_A8=14] &9'HL
5[;W




&CA8KA!?76)W9V

 1^HH J1Z.(GNG2^N@;F3S
M&^YA3C;P-N

@C(/- $M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !3)6*1.X4L5!(
M[T^B@#FX=0OW@LKB.[$GVZ!F:-HU*V[!-V1C!P#\I!)Y(K3T%YY](M;FYN'G
MDGA20[E4!25&0


MKPLB+$O(/56)SD'VP:TSI&FGS
Z=:'S3F3

M7YL=




M=X[PFY$
D?E*(T&PG!8_
6Z'(.

MM&F



ME/GU*Y87=U#=!?LURL(M2BX=25'.1NW')(P0.G%:PTRP6%8EL;81H=RH(EP#




MRH YT7$IU33ISJ



M!H6%G;[H!B(^4N8QZ+QQ^% %+Q*91I0
4\D)\^%2R8R09%!Z@^M58KJZ:;53

M.SMT
^?-*Q*/


9'VY&%P!][TSCT/-


MTEI;N0FP%HU.%].G3VI6L;1KI;IK6 W#RF
;P/8]: 
#3KB[MX=
 O3
EQ

M6PVFV#LC-96S







M!^_@CL.VJ^D:9(7+Z=:


M8V

M_P!7F



2(54EL



M_-:DEG;2W3RV\+S1_<D9 67Z'J*D
4;2K*8U
B@A7(Y .
@'\!^5 & =3NT
XFU HTCNJ-_J5

M@#&-S?NYL;R\C@FBMFF=X=K;YF&
LO0 #=@ Y/:K_AITD\-Z:T;JP%LBY4
MYY@$?@015M[&TD2))+6!UB_U8:,$)]/2ID18T(H51P%48 H =1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 444UE5U*NH96&


!3C;GJ.A/4 U=-O!J&G6]XJ%!




=]OU6:Q

VGSB4Z2BQH

M ZRJ=[??9+BSB

 VSG +9B(3'*@9Z#C(]

8]H

MW$B*LL!M]H+[AD_(@WGK\V2.O:@#MJ*Y[4+58KFVFLK164*-L)M6Q\Q))##
M_5MZD\'O6Y#/'.9 F[,;E&#(5Y'U'(]QP: 'Y?S-J[

&7!!#<YXP<@F


M=O(AWB0ESL R!LZY&??% '945SUU:VU2WFL;12A*((?LQ 0;MQ977[G7)#


M7



MX9L8!^5NO]10!TU%96MH&DM&GMWN+)7;SHTC


$]

4B

MIV-EY&EW4S+J/VQK1HYH6MQAG(QU5 9#GHV3QUH ZJ&3S8(Y
8WJ&QZ9%25S







X$L31DAG+
M X8#L15#4HBVMK
1
PB=W=
8.UNBKS@CZD@=: -F]OS:7EE!Y#.+
!QCM6A9
M:;#9;26RVV]G(\D+JG)#C(VXYR

M


4(0'!;[RY4Y /3\*V-$W_ -G@


\CC_ T :U5+R\-K+:IY+.+B7R]P


X _ETH MT44
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%1S*7AD17:



MN#W(Q@X.: -*BLC2;B:;5=2$OGH%\HK%





R7L=O:0
M)

M9/7ZTYO$=A9O;VMQ+F4K&)#O7*%@

MN&2946WN=IG-N9&0*JN!TY(.#Z@?E4%OK2W$8:YM+F$&[-O'M((+!B.2IX&1
MSG@]LT ;5%9XU(27GV


MR

^U &W16+8Z\]P;99]/N(?M
CHCDQE

MM

@9J


M!1#@=  




_A6C'J




T 7Z*Q;/64

U/%K5O))&/)G6.8%H)2H*S8&3MP



&
XN)99KV/+Q1*OEP%2KQMN5

2HL2&.0-
M&4#N#\I&0






%_#




:?3C'IPT[SI7E:4R021Q$

0MX9KD2VUIG[.@CVLN
M5*_

MP!*G!S@CJ*0R()!&74.1D+GDCZ4 8UKH]U9&PD-W'
MA;- $6W(:0''??@'Y



$&ZX2?:MN=@

M2N

%MYVV(6^.)&W$ AN
8 '
M'_UMII$5U1G4

M*6@#)AT4QLL)N UDDYN$A



R;AGUP/YU/10!BVVBW5K'9&&^C$]M +=F
!*R1CIE=W##'7/KQ4MEI#V




J.3GID^OK5DR()1$77S-P7/)'KBGT 8=GHMY:O
M;L;^!Q#)+)C[,1N\PDD??[$FM#2K26QL$MI9EF9?G6/9P3GID^M7** 


_#I+#YF%P



5=$G1=/07L9CLY&;#0'+J05QG=


MDX_



MKEP^

\
QNXUCDMF
M3?$K0[6:0AWVY)!P@],@YK2LK.PMDMK966).%5G9\#T!8DX]JBN=*L[J9Y9



MR&4'[1(3N/7G=G![CH:6'1;WFMYH8G1[=D6)GPJGJ


;OCF;SHEADS<R?



8(+8(Y/4=3GK3?[#T



M+JI#Y! RW.

A*ARQ*\@YVC(]^.]6QHMA

5(UEC<!D4@MM((RW(X[\UH6%Q<27=Y;W)B8PLI5HU*_*PS



MH3AU+ 

-HWK

\+R;X1 PDE=P4'0$$X_'K5FUM(K2/RX=^/621G/TRQ)


/
5]F


MP6(-EYDD1=BHVE21NSO)/(Z;!UZGNRUU/5+C[&6%G']J\U
!6;RV4G!SD;A@

ORD]?

0MXKQK2XC=S&2I*2JO3(.

U)_;VI702.PL!

/\ H1PL(4L\N4#

N9

&.X
M@DAF0/'(I5E/0@]16;=Z+%]GD%I'F9P@8RSR98*<@;LD@_[0Y_(4 4$UR_$<
MA4V]YYER+:VDMHL*YV;BWS28(&

MSY

LC.K%20VW  .1D@\Y...#27NM7-

D_0=Z=



:E;64T<4WGEY 2HCMY)
XZ_=4U-:W4%Y

S;1






8ED7RI3$V]=I
MR




\?@:M5Q+W7E3ZDMC=
+9KJ$2W3;Y L1A'.\







[(





CDG([9/2@#KT8LH)4H?0XR/R



M1P /4#- &_:ZE'=W#1Q0SF
;@L^W]VQ5MK '.00?4#..
U=KC-
N;6+2[4
O

WDRS3H@\XHTL8SL


CO*^Q
'RN

D$%MX].N._3U++Q!
M:3VMI)

PC&

A(PYXR/;D=3



!T;'7/!Z4S6]
M6-L$BLYP)EN(DE'E%AAF *[N@;# \\X[=Z -JBLW6KBXM8+:2WD5-UU%&^5S
VCR6;LI*_)))
MP&2


M9%NP6%Q! 9.








7* I=1QMG]T1G!'H2J@$CN:

 .3Q
E;E%
M &!#I-\-%6UE^SK.EX+A=LC%6'F^9@G:.XZ&I_)2XUU9(9T=43%VB'(WJ<H


M/RX8*5&1\@X)'4^G/444 8$FD7 TN6&UL-


M.4^:Y081@W8'KC%5/L.K+)J

K?*

M:W+K*?
&?X@NW'7CK[^U;%% &$VF:A


8EIBVNIIGVSL<K)NZ?)U&\_D/7C0O

MF3:W






M4AO-1%.XA=K%LKV)X&#[?J:DHH S#;7O_0[\NW^RB$Q9\UM_4'.W;CKQC/

'^RKN3^T!/#;
)[G
MSXMMPZL

M110 4444 %%%% !2'.#CK2TA&1B@#G=



VPY4'Y<8!YX%6;
M+3Q9W%U

MX!&2

MB




M]E[=QL\ZSDJ4^^H '!7'\([?IQ5JQT\64]U*MQ-*;F3S&63;A3C'& .P YST



Y4G@#..O6KMSIT=W;P13R2.865A)P


'CC:


7&7=<A0V<JA;








M/+E2:. ?
/WK/@+R.W/?MV[4O



MD

22Q&U1U)_PQ0!D375

@ZD^U+;V1@EN9#=3RFX.<2;
)Q


M3&WE+

MZY/;?;=]B

M SSE@?:EGT!+C[5YFH7A^U0+!+_J^5'_  #@\M_WT?;$]OI*VT[2Q7=R/
P9


MB



WU-+$I*[M
M&9&

MD_
P4LSEL\@D 8'ITXK8\/37LJ.LC6_V2+Y(U6()(
=F 8@8Z8P* -EVV1L^
MVT$X'4UG2:]IR012BYC82E %WJ& ;&02


B&078YW?[+ 9SZ#- '0_M7M9KF.97AA#%V4Y P,FHQJ43&U4
M))ON3@)@;H_EW'=SQ@8_,5C2/+-X?N/*^T2J+G$7DJS&3YAUWECMW9S[ETW
M3%\U;CRH[J5I-MR)]A89&2_!(!R.GH .
4 =#)


8PAF8;


ETRLRHN0@'S
3P 
]R2!4+ZQ9( !(TCD9\

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH A






*# 6
XX]
]?Z
MU%)I%C):?9FMUV9+ Y.X


BC6*)8TR%4 #))X^II]%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 45GZSJL6C6)O)X9I85(#&(*
M2N3@'DCOZ5;@F

M@DG@G/%5M
5((9_
M+0L!.5&QR#@@'.<Y]0*?)J5M%JL.G,Q^T31M(HXQ@?UZ_D: +E%%% !1110
M4444 %%%0I<Q274MLC@RQ*K.!V#9Q_(T 34444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 <_P.(Y9_#4]O!!---*R!4BC9SPP)

M'4G/K573[6\M-!N[@VTT\S0*DEF+=XBT@/+D[LN3GDKU KM:* .(^QW\&G:K
M#;6L_E+=QR+D93S(NP0# Y]!5W4;:W631UL[Y6U%T9706\AJ5YRN/E&3


MU_

N25P
9/'I]

M(Z;8:K]INY#(T-ZAG'S6S?O=P.P^:6P0#C  XY'O56+3;G_A&+\RQ2O++;K&
MUL+)P3

M:NSVNHWFI0
[2Q*]K$8)FM'D


M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH





:)'=76]@^UBS;LM\I^7C/8G':


ME5MDI)?;&6(* 8[#!Y/TSR ;M%8XUBX+^0MG$;IMI1?/_=LI!(^?;UPIXQZ=

@_P#UJ +M%4V9DU9%#

MBY0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%8MM))_;TF^64QNSJ
MA\PE&( ^79T4CDYQS0!M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%



4



;
M6L!2 @Q*8QB


6L[=C/CS28E/F8Z;N.?QIH

[VYY8
I!/)Y(J@?$(
L%X([@61@G=






MDMYRT41F^38=R @$@;L\;AU SSC--N]74VLR0QW7(\Q0BAZ[0

MZCC/% %S^SK'R#!]CM_)+;_+\I=N[UQC&:=)8VDL3Q2VL#QR$%U:
$
0  2.


JR3&%MQ0%&#


MO\7JN#_AS0!KT5D)K\+L0+6Y 7_6
0N(_F*'/S9X92#C/J
CFG2ZY#$7S:W)

MM.76HC!+*UK<((X_,PP7)&2!\V..2<#OG% &G15/3M0CUR^UI')%'E@/
M*G(!QD%201QUSS5'2M92XBOG:YCNO('G 088JC#(7]2&'Y4 ;5%9%IK\5V

;L@D'); X4\$@\=



MZ* 

*


6\N4
MDLS9

MLC:

M 

M^7)Y.


M+R9=96A


M6W#JW8_X=*T:6B@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *


C%0-QVXX


UP

U
2.D42











MB

MGQD-M/S!2.W\JN0WL4JROMEC2+[S2QE 1C.1FN:V6LVDS[I]LBRR

M4E3\PS@KC'_ZZG4*=-U:-8



M=S' ^5:4?(QZ

_
MAF@Y]H EDC:.0;


?C_ )--M+L7
:





M@D?2K&DF$PRSJZF21BTB*3^[QP%QV( Y]\T 276HPP/;J)(F\Z4(?G P
$Y_

$KM
M/WOQK$TT'R=.#F-$15FXXX\LKS[DL?P6I[5)#X?+7!4H8!(G8CY
G/XYH OF
MZYA(B?:XRV1@QY!(+#\/K0;Z$6:71\P1.H8'820#Z@=*R[N=GMHQ$K*LL0C
MFX.Y8O\ GH1U'\6/KGM5^\;S[ ):)YPE&$9-H'J3Z4 (=1/F;1'&.3G?)M*




+T_P \


M:X*([9(58Y-P8YP!G ZFD_M&$W2PJZ'Y6+MO&$(.






JLK*1PW7WJO)?VT:(Q=CO&554

(BJ
Y

L31J59FD; _J?H* )::54L&(!(Z'TJ'
M[7'O;)R2VW_ %+X_/&
5
[!$9CT49H 9]GA^T?:/*3SMNWS-OS8]
TV:VCE


M?E0!-2'D8--BD$L22+D!U#8/4 U&;J

M#H'0-_.H8=
L+='2QMHDDX=4B50WUP.:ECN8958I(%4

&5 OJ 2?H%)-1_VA!OV8FW8SCR'SC\J 'SVEO<O$\\$<C0MOC++DJ?45/4
%SZ
MT 6719%*NH93U!&14







M+



Q(O[LX?G[O //X$5 VHP;2T69E7&6B((&

H[O#+&$.
$;B?H%S3/[0@W[
3;L9QY#YQ^5


G'('
MUJW4



SQDA2!A5QR3[?SINF3.5@AFN0LBH#Y14#


WC<0[P6\E@R$L<YP1SZ\
M$T 5O)8WS0FXGV







?[<L$


)\M08#F/'&WC'\C0!7U*

SYD9T.0S


M02RXY))/()*C!Q5S3;BYF@:2X6

@.
#/K5








ZC[[






RRSI$\+%661@I) !XSUX(_

M-2QU.TOU3R)5+M&)@8$J/?&1FF2:M;QQ7DC!\6NX'@?.5 )V^O4#ZUF:[^



T
95F
I(R
8



#\@?S% %U)HI'*)*C


M!&.H/KZ59N+V*VN(89

?O'\%R?PH N1:A:RP0R^<B8+L5R%8D]!





@D9YY].:L/*B1-(S#8H))]
=:R[:
MW)O[IQ%&VVX563L%
:9(]^GZ^M021NWAFY /EC]^YV\'[[$ ?I0!I#4H/(CD

BEF\N&V


MH@\@C:VE8JS.02&CP?F^
MI_.HKNT






MZ?V:5E3


DXJC




M&;6


T 2U%)!'+(KR#=LY4$\ ^N


_P#H0J1I465(

I7@
1R1V

D0:6(Y5LG@^N.].6TA%P



M:DX$PSR


MG'7%230I.JK(


XS^=





 @D0B




MU&:Y^0.(XY?




MBF:.WT_39I2H5+%FPQQN(
1V_CC'XTH
XK

MI34(5)D(
$A$:

4A_F.GTK:
 -U'
M/N.Y(V0#U!*G_P!EID]FL]W;W#R/_H[%U08V[BI7/KT)_.@#/UEF+1K'#P6+
M/)@D_*

MY&*9;VJ6\US*K

MA?
\Z
YA  'S!
''TJQI$HN8GNXXXE$@ B&W:Q  SGC.-V?\FK TRU50H0X'





%?]YR
CG . ?RJVNFHJPKYTI$+A



'DEGCCZ%8S@
.X/


?_P!?6FV*
MSYE$=RI@1\-86&PD @ D^^?3Z5:DM$DNUNSAU0H IP
$@_P!*=!;I TK*

H/F/(8V0VZ*4#[


M!O.
8QR!UZ=Z 






MC/\ !C\:T7^T[CL\K;VSG-

MR8 @/S  Y(]O2JM];1M);PQ+AY)

\Y52?7U_2HYHY/M]OFUAR0Y_UAYZ?[-7;.V^RP;#*
M\KDEGD?&6)[G  I[PAYXY23F


5 -*@V@&28\(
E^
MNPY7\C0 P;_[.NQNW!6D'[W+Y SQR:SV\R:\0DLX%V-O)PI\C.!\PQR3_C6Q
M'91K$8V9W4R&0[CU)['U'UJ&72D8
(;B6W4DG:@0@'&


L)/[QE+ 8/08S_ #%94\Q.
MF6A4HA
F%0IO#D$X^[CN-W [5)#;?9WWOY\N]#^]+


!4D*3



QM)0Z@2
)X4V^9*=N2!]XX/0_6@


L2?7@C^5 #X9DG0O&25#





K

MX-J(PZ1NQ
V&C.2KL6Z9'J1[4 :M16\\=S DT)W1N

M&K$;FR
W44L5U;SMMAGBD;&<(X)Q^%9]RSQ7-]-(Q/^BG:H[ $X_$_P'I3A'

M$BADE:2

AL\&L2^9;9TN)(E
4


$X'N?;^= &BLT;SR0JW[R
 L

-L%
SA
MQ(!(XX!)^G -9EO+

2[GXZ#_(K*L%#7
MBQ*Y.



H?:2/3Y




TF=K#Z;<8/OUJ<6D9BCCFS/Y;;E
O)SV

MBB@C'I5O';1P!IRB8QF9NQSTSC]*O444 0VTV\1C5B079^?]IBW]:B6U:*
M_DGB*^7.!YJ'CY@


MZYY]:%L!;6KQ6)

M=


$=

M?UJ6B@%+=4NI;@$[I552.PVYQ_.FS6OFW$4OFLOE$D* ,;B
]
]:L44 5
M%T^))$EC:1)%^\X/+CT/;'\NV*:^G+()]\\K&5T?/ V[2 
#U'?UJ[10!5B

M4/ QT.#QGW]A5FB@&TMH[.TAMHL^7BQKDY. 
IJ** BBB@ HHHH ****

M4 :=%4['4K?4&E%N)
1A22Z%




1Q(Q


M2/Y4R[2X!RQ0*





M .

6DMS/KDAFU18)H9W'V38^7BR0O&_:000=


5'+.D^O34)(Y$N
M?7M75U133=DKDW=R\+


-O:0OK
;64KR9O
2!%X4HN\29Q][YBWL:ZZB@







3&&Q\PQUQR#C-='10!RT]Q%::M#';W-PH@G2&57N#@)Y? $?0





^];-

M ?PC@''':IM3N=-738FM]4\V%KVW.][GS GS@G#'..!D@GCVKJJ* 
?0+I)9
M-2MTN?.%M=%5!E
C*I53R22?O;ASZ$=JSY;N9KF;;/*FJ1W:HEKYAVM#O SL
MS@C822V
@]^U=110!S_A\VAUC6?(N/

!P5('0YI6U28SWRVUS.TG]GPS);N5




MF7G]G:


@=
U@2Z6T
KQVVD


R#*!Y -PR!QZ\D?G5/4(;E-4M[V*!KJ)(7B:%64






G\:D%W;&Z-J+B(W &X

-XU

2Q)Y#=




@'1PW$$[.
ML




HZ?7TZ5BZ?I]]:PVR6QD
%S.7

$CJ?Q .AD
MO+6*
227

(

CU&QE\KR[R



MWY]0#4L;Z&[B4+-$TZHK2QHP)0D9Y'4?C4%WJ9L]6AMYS!%:R0/(9G?!!4J
M'/ 'S#G-5M
M[B&^MBU@\$262Q
VY




M

MITD



M7=_'//9W


MVA#
IN0H

8(R1C/&: +]%9B:W W+V]S&&B
T1://FH

W

MUA'6
M:W




MP21R1U ZT 7Z*IWMXL3+;*LKSRJ2JP[=RJ
 M\QQQD?X&L2Q\2VUCH5@^H3-




O7/'T [5)_PD^F_:WMP[
U &S1533KX:C:)<



M[MX)86P
D*^0V

\GMN'8]N#S5'1-;3^R[(7QF5WM#.9Y






SL8




M^O&Y10!B1:!Y
1[G

:/*\4H*0X4.A!!(+$D':



M:[DNO+O?(CN50
!$&8

Y



MK22593!&(PZ
MIMR!P.
GM[U0NM%N)?-$-['&KW:70#P;L%=IQ]X9Y4?A^=;507%W!:M$L\JH
MTSB.
'JS'L* 
IM%O#)
RW\ $EXMUC[


^]T]KZ[B-PUO+

K2Y/V<[&5VWD%=^<@]#G

-VF22-0S!B


C

MO8%L\@?0'BMB@C=V


].HS8O#D@M[.WGO

GU/ % $5A;W5O$([









MU:2Z1&$:1JO^L(R
J3V'4D5T+:?9/*\K6=NTCD%G
2DL0
 DXYXH33[*.W^S
MI9VZP;MWEK$H7/KC&
9 D8 ?ZXZT@T^S6W6W2TMUA5MRQB(;0W7./6@#'L+^[N);0R7A
MV227
8G:=8-NQF8MP3R3@U<DL;.:%89;6!XE.51HP5!]0* 



M@.N/\


M0!!I U!4E749H93N#1E'#-M(_B(11USC JOJ5S+)J$EDMR;58[4SY 4^;R01

]


.F6#2R2M96QDE!6


9P1Z4 8/GW=HUS)'?LY;4XXF255/R$HIQ@#'!'KT[=:D^WW
?96TN]@S;XE;<0,9.1U
MQQ3&T?3'W[M.LVWMO?,G<W/)XY/)_


&*.#!

Q9FQC))R: 
_7A(18A+N6V#7*AC'MZ8

9XK=EABG4+-&DB@A@'4


ME:S31S2VT
DL
M?W':



Y'3KC(/%3-IT$3


&\O]
M4B%_NO(4:VL$N5$
8*E_FR
MG()7T!P?S6^U6^L9;E!
LN88)%+@*(C)(4;D
M _*
9YSCWK:ETK3II'DEL+61Y %=FA4E@

M$H)7&
=.F .* 



\YR#G/:@!^GB4VWF33/*96
BAU4%%/1

M!)L&X#Z]: 


(F1D+*H*AESC@#C/X^]-OKF0ZK;V*7'V



(33HY#\JM&O


AMK1*1D# .

AUG5A)=22!9E5(VVX

M9' #






M

P-M(-3%VKQ70C.WR=X.-^
 !
M@KGKVJO:1['LIEM+P2+J

R
;W
M/#'K@_7!-2F#$

8WJ


DWYU*Q6Y:$P$NZ&,L&(VL5ZCZ5=K$T**YBT&:$026
M\PDF\L2]]S,RGKTY'7T-4KWBW6\G]GSQ*ENZ7ZR0


MH)P
AIHMI)
MK:&*2]CTY+FX#1K:;BJELQ'RW0Y4#/0<9% ':T53TY4M[:&S5KE_*C&'G4Y
M*YP


#HV
]/Q% ';52U2_.G01R^0

M19(5W$I@$\@9VGJ?3.
T =3%

;

Q'4;6
MQD_S% '75GW6IM;WAMET^[G8)YFZ+R\%?Q8'\

M2(93U+EG0?
G.S6\F&8QO*1









?3


A)Q@C.
]* .MHKD+FQAC:Y@
&H7*+IX2-I8I
M'RX)VXP
;ON]
$?7-%U'
1(-/M[N.6:TC


\R6]PZ0VR7



M'

8[[O
M;KQ4T6L0SI 8H9V



.G:=)?2B1X

@@]168=;@B1(XK:\F;[
M+@*JY.SC^)C@GGU_6G?V[:*7











:M]GUF\FO&GM[5+2.01SE0%)=ER
M


\CMF@#6HK+


MD]JVJ* 




MAX?4#%TX,-P9%(4?ZLD_NOIAC6U10!CWVBRWMS?N]VBQ7=J+?8(OF0#.#G=
MSRQ[#M45WH=W=-?$W\0%W;+;G-N25 SS]_\ VF_3K@YW:89$$JQEU$C L%SR
M0,9./Q'YB@#$O-!N[O[7OOX5^TVJ6QQ;'@ DY^_WW-^GIS=L[YAU2XO)KF*


M'L'Y9//XUF_V)))#J


M.\?[1MOX!YMXEV

M)/3&!@ 8[=Z6/1YQ$JR7B.\
#06Y\D@(I &6&[YC@#N/I6Q10!CVND75H\
L
M5]'YJPI!

M

\JQF-UB
?EA&WK\C$\Y/.?R%23Z;?7


H0*JM@ XZGL.I/3ZU7DT9WEN$%UBSN9!+)8\MNR0&SP

ES%)'=.'\M82I



M5;/RY  Z'\*TXY$E7=&ZNN2

MH\[$)X4#(Z#C.:2]T6XNX;Q/ML:&[@2*0B#(!&02!N[@]


M8C/?.X9^F*TZ* 



G-.ZTZXL[:&WEG:0&:6;SH+24[2QSC$
M;[Q]YN<XQP:Z:26.(*99%0,P4%CC))P!]2:?0!4TQ'CL8XW1$V#:H1@P.AV
MDDCZ$U;HHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ KCYM.$]_K


YY.!UP..WJ


MG]30!A'6M1.D&^C6U)CA7S8RK#;+N(89#'@8Z8[]:N2WFH1:A]B9K;+VLDR3


M%&8E8S.1M/4$9P?Q]!Z4 8-IJ.I+'I






;
C.'):

8Q3

4^H?.[IQUZ4 3V4D\MG$]W#Y$[*/
C#!MI[\BJ5S






JH;:3SD8/4 =.G-:;Z;;27ZW

MQ/913W+1%I45P(T*A00#CDG/UXJ/5;R6RCBD1?W9?]Y)Y32;%^BG/X]O2K5M


 %



'E4


DRO\ZCH'Y^?_ (%F@#-EUJ]!


;N!@YQVJ


4^H?
M.[VZU#)I$*V[V5M:P+:W#%[@LQW$D@GC!SGU)&..M %NQDFEM5EG*$N2R[4*
_7K3UT:Q1X

B6ZQ1:@EH54

M]SOUF/H&GOYFY)_WLHG;%S*

M#R]I3F



M 2Z;+=S62/?VX@N
D
@((Z\'@G&1SC)QZU;J.&%((A''NP.[
6)^I/)/UJ2@









MA$UR9 A8+E(F?D].%!I+2_MKUG6!VWQXWHZ
CKGIE6 (SBJ7B6:*WT1MUQ'#

\2ZBN \8%W*-P\M WS<YY&3SCITX .LJ]NH[&SFNI@YCA4NVQ=QP/
M:JVDL+F-]0'G 76&1)'8A5 P/E)P,\G@#K6!J-V\4&LP7$XE#VUPRN)S\H.0
MJM&?N^@(X;ZF@#K4<21JXSA@

M[3D'!X-9VA7$

MN9-7^S-J2Z=$8E:1@WSR9.0'4$_=^4YSGI0!TE
9\!MH+LO!52


'.
'N#2S2Q6(UF5;V6WD^VQD$S'#*5C]





M





7OTLD
M40G)R_SY&S.#@8.
P?S&EF+A)CPJ@DG!.?N]L#CF
M@#I(KZ*6\:U59!(L2RDE<#!Z8/?\*M5RUWJ*?:9S8727']FH4$3!FQN))4=

M\K5HESYR@B
[

MPV_-NP21]TC-:GA[;_8[R&\
N]Y&
AN?.
:Y.T%B2



UKJ!N+V:VF4(\VX.ZK\ORYQG(]
GO4
MEO


M?N8+B.]\B9)-MW+G8P.
MQ6


ME-RQ\LAAN)YRAY.1P!CH
4EQJ#P7NHP6E[)

MVH ZNBN0OK[[-:W+VFIN+'S;?R9S/ORQ?$B!VR2 O/7CGMD5*]WEM4MX=04I



MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@

M




M/E)P
DY(QSQ_2@#:HJI8SF2VR&


?EZ#W% &E151[EUNG1&C=0@.S)W Y
?AUX\V4$[6X 8@#ICTZT :%%9;ZHJW<H5A*B'8(X\%@1G<Q]

M]JGAN))90!$FP9W



#\S0!+165HVHR7


=N
(^

$
O)Y^F ?RH N452MII_M7V6

A1F8





1R/Q!H U**9$SM&#*@1^


:

M@!^Y9_'H0,U3OD9;*XB=)&N+XE 40L%R, 9'3 '4\=:V** *=_&SP1Q1PN_
MSJ1L95V[2
Y[9%9UW97



8PWZ
M#K7044 9\$4QO9G;S&4O@%PJK@= .I/Z4R&$QZE!%&DPB@CD)9_N_
PP ?SP
M.PQ6G10!3F!GG20HQA@);&.7;&.!Z $_4X]*9I7[P7-T%=5N)=Z!T*G:%C@
M\CIG\:OT4 5K+[3Y3F[*%O,;9M7'R9^7/OBK-%% &79/) 'DGM)VN93F1@ 1
M[ '/0=OS[U:M[B1S.TL,D4:L-FX#+# [#)ZYJU10!F7#M;Q7%U)#(TLP1HB
MEB

MJ1K&Q)+

MJ%_

0
^X!]#TZ$FK-P6NUMFC2Y4$[]N @XZ;\\C\*T** 
FYLB;B

M:\=K6=O
F




;2-*V5F3+* !@*3U& 




MDC!SQT_K6U10!G6*R(DC

M




0B0KY@7[Q+9Z#V%+JK[;)T2.9,*-B%N21UQT^M V
ML[$
LL\





3

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

M\0R63_:TBMX8W66.15!8ELE@#R#C&






M#J

MB$4BB


M0HK*@UR*X$1AM+MA

M/F&[U]

\]
MQ?7

M6/X0)/



]\C^= %FBN:TW5W:

GZ\4 :E%9/B*XEM+&
M*:.\:T47$:2. A 1F 8G<!@$FJ^FZI
6NU1I=4MXW189XD7

\?*
9([\T =+15+1KF6\TBUN;CR_-DC#/Y9RN?8BK

%Q'
M!ME20EXB^2K!@/O#N*T*8DB2 F-U8 X)4YY]* *

DL21F-82
V<EQ/:S13)X&9N4W;@5(QU'K5RB@#%M]%N8ULTDO(G2W
M\P





&








DJ@?9B

MG/S]B!^M4KC39[.VT^R:=V6VB9!+':2L&R1@$1ON' YR=IST].IHH K6*RK8
MQI(B1NJ[0$7:H X'RY..
 *N)IDJQ:<#=+OLNRQ8#C:5


[
JMU1
_*

\

M01ZT 0:C:?;K>U$GEF5=H?&=I]
MZMX[B.WDGB2:3[D;. S?0=34U &=;:?=6US
T=XODS-YC1F')5SUVG/ /H0?

M+LJ@D*


MJS$DD_F:N444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5S.E
M7


M_E!LN=S

MOFMXXHH$DO'GFARB#;^[8@G:SKUQTW?G6E)HUC)

X!QZ
M_F?4TW^P]/\ )
'IKZ6U6*ZAA:1H7<

M4.P+#OD@YY[\\]ZC.EVI:V?$N^U&(29G^7MSS\WXYH R8=2N]0N_LKM9- Z2
M_:+?RBTD0' 5CNQSGKC\#UJ/1+R\BTW3K13 %ETXRQ-L)*%0HYYY!W=.
8[U

M[7
MFMR\LD;$$'  P&Z\G)S^'-;5K:06ELMM!'MB48Y)X].:K?V+I_E01K





5EFP\UXFD.T%=I(W9WY/(Z



M
'((9-N

A
D08(RN5(SUZ'V'X@'J*JQZ#I\2P+''
M
H@1HXL7





MU9PW9B\[S/W3;UV2LG/OM(S^- &-X=F6&^O+ -.5;%S&9XGC+;N)
!@#][GT


M=C/2M+^Q;#[%#9^4_DP'=%^]?=&?]EL[A^=/DTNSDDCD
;2,8#I(RL1G.0

\X.: 
ZXU748VO&$-LJ6LL2[&+$NKX[C[I^;T/3\:=
MDCB



MS
JLG#LN5/4'!Y'L:JMX?TUQ
&BEQ-&(I!]HDPRCH/O?YR?4T 9NNW
E_I^H

9
_*&8+D =3SZ
MBB70].F!$L#.&0(X


@CD:/!'3[I'2
M@#

OD8)[
/2I3I-DR!6B9L2^=N:1BV[&
E



]P[1REK@AI


M#3&-



M(V#H
$X_R:;-IB?9?L$





I+93QM&8X=K9E7:I8*-X5LG</NDB@#JJ*X^TU--

M1Y&1P 
^

M

J01ZBL6^N%'B6UM&O&59[67



M+RQLA?7LBHUD&CD24KYLPR&4D=2




M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !4-S ;A GG21KGY@F/
MG&.AR#@?3!]ZFHH 0 *  





MW


?459M9

M&D1R9')0

L..
[L8S_#]:
MFO;B6!(5FW;BVYFA1L'!&%SV)) Y]Z -&BLD3W(F^ULDA.%3[






OG1M



6\SKL69MS*H55^8@G)X)Z]Z;+!<P6UM!';&80%0'1E!( P

M!E1VL[Z5Y


3DU!-;2!;:R2%WC\U99)\C&58.<CKDMZ



C\ .*OT4 5KB)[AEC(Q$K!CD_?(.0/IGK45JLLE_


MWP6$V[+')Y##KGW'Z5HT4 8T^G2RSM):QB










-BO*'F1F)VDGYU)9CQT P /QSFMFB@K!;R)\6Y8O
MG)5XE )'J01C-9/]FW?]H[\R;?[0\[S?ESL^S;
XQC[W'2N@HH HW5M.8(TC
N #UP/TK1HH C@:5H$
Z!
-/D;4R3GC.#S5;0K62*SM9-N8
M@&!)S^52S6D=W=1
L1\M'


'GK0!9MKF6:%I]BR(?N,G)['.[%45U*Y%I

J)
<9)_*JA:2SU.=[A;Q$:VAA66&$S;




MPV




M';/?% %:TU!GMQ+)



MNZ18TC3H?KG VFI%BG_LW2]VY1'Y;3@G!P%SR.YW;: (!JET=*N;LRVZR123


M


M




9LQGR3P
#G...]/-KYE]*03&JLC

/*=0P8H?+RH/.

UF5VG&7,[#*2DGKGM].W:HX],0W5R6W[V /FC@N2#GU'/3V'I0!(E\Z-=

M+Q'&&10KDA1DKGCOUZ4^YLI&LB-CL5'RH'5L#&/ND;3]/R- %Z.5Q9B:X01N







YZ^U3VEPT


0&XMC
MG(SVK.FM7GNKU

M]14-L9C&?/&&SQQ@X]\$U-0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%8YENU\17$8N9Y8(K99EME6

HS?:DDN$!9))=R-WW*N3M'..W3D5!<:I<33







4NL-86TMN[Y(B WJ5 P
M64]03Q[4^WUR6'1X;N^L[AOD+RR1Q@*J!B Q#$'D8.!DC- &Y163/KBI]M%O
M97

M5$DVZV$SQ21_+N











C\CBK= !1

M1M;DX W$'.\9Y8]NG''6M.FR.D:%Y&5$49+


M[3C.#Z'!'YT 9/\ 8UR'




MGI@^8S





IR/2@#GI?#
[K-Y=]#&\XA\T_9B=QC8L#]_.2

Q19XFC+#MD
M8S5BB@##GT.ZG^U;[^+_ $BR%HW^CGC[WS#Y_P#:/'TZ]Y[72[FUN6EBO4 F
M5?/7R?O

MR2)$ 9'5 2%!8XR3T% %/5K&:_@AC@N$@







YYSC%;;2(KJC.H


MX'MFKE% &+=Z'/-]I\B]2
C


MR3GS91





W;?&5E9<'UP,_CZGUH S8=3U.;4D5F);6*









V5103@%F8*


MUE;H15+^P=

M.@8./



MNX^P6TK/:VWF-*DEQ
I\I61BN

=ZO1:!I\1A
:3CR)&EC_TF4[6


]




5D;-8G\@

7NIQW-Q9336GVG
9MV6W8*RD_
2-_.
'@'C /

J
M8(!:





=!Z4V3P_IDN\M;L&










4
:1/

 OS.S8 Z 9/ ]A0!3U%8UUC3)B@

:*0\9V%@&.2#D ]ACWK3N+WNKFXE
M$AEMSF



YJ[J$TD%HTD4D$;@@;Y\









M0
#MG''KWJYI 6/7+H0V\\4

M/W5Q)LNXG(A1V(4



G?!J86^;V[FTHM+]BD $<9SN!X 8\J2
M





#Q$6LA*H @8K@=
*P)'48ZY% '8T




M;:)-5(TAW$EXIFUD4-'A1G 7+*&#':,Y[\'- '6U4N+PPW]K:^2SXW?O-P




_H:DKFI-!T^;6IX7TN(6TUFJHRP *C;GW$''RMROO




M
C'?IBEM=8L+QXUMI_

M


MD65 Z'*GH: 'T5F6&I27.IW-M+&J(%$MNP_Y:1Y*DG\1GZ
*?-K5C!
MR
2X\K,BQ!98V1MS=!M(!_
M2FSZY:111R*)Y \WDX6!RRMU.5QD<=L<T :=%5Y[VWN(()699+@D1C8Q!(&
M2

4 :-%9;W[37FF/:SJ;2Y

?D3?\R
-R^JY'S#W&: +M%5#J5JJ(Q:3YS@
M+Y3[AP#RN



M1E8V*LHZG=C''U[CUI(-3L[JZ1(KI@YB:3R70H2N0-Q# $8[=
Y/7L 7Z1E#


R

0

D9H GFB6:)H





D]G);N_F










M]0T&PDC^R%(;
QPXE)+

MG;R&VY!^4=JVJ* 



MJ.T-E):EA(?


MLSRQ-&T@.3SGOWQ^M4;C2+R_AE^UM!%-]CDM8S$Q96W@?





!N*YYQZ_I2QR)+&
MKQL'1AD,#D$4 .HII=0P4L S=!GK3J BF+(CHKHZLK#((.0:<
@@CVH 6


XR
_6D9U09=@HR!DG')Z
M4 .HHJ/SH_WG[Q?W?W^?N\9Y]..: )**0$

M87'7)]J )**0$$9!R#3?

0#W_ $-.H **:DB/NV,K;3M.#G!]*&D16568!G.%
M!/4XSQ0 ZBFK(C,RJRED.& /(XSS3&N(4W;I8UV]<L!B@6BF[EW!=PW$9 S
MSBE)@DG ')- T4U&5T5T8

\7EF1XU/WMC%6(] 1R/J.:JZ.LJP3!I7EA\T^0SL6;

M]*%&!Z *H'Z4 23R+%!)(YPJ*6)]@*QQOMKUGN!&/LX60F
?(-N

M9%;


K. I/7 ']
MWTSZT6]C]EEQ;R;;8@Y@(R
^H/;WZY_.@O)&%U,^4?W(S\Q/\ $?\ :%)I

_6K
5A&)C-
%=RNT*%PBCZ=S[G]*=:VIMI)?G


MR#C=(7 _#(_*K-Q;-

MG( SG'/)-.NVF.HWC[228#\N8L8RWXX_6K]GI[6D5JJ3M^Z39(,?+)QZ=CG
M'/X4][/?(95\TL#O(Y4#. /S/YGZ4 96FA9-6C

^: %B=C-=QAI)%1$+G!Y!Z8Z=JS?(SOVN[
M1J5^U.68#=D%N3G@#.1Q^=;%O;2Q&=WG#RRMD-LP% & 
9YJ

MME /

L


I-'';LKRC?-&OEE5YX&2#T&3]?PK7D60@+$R(

M?052339K4
;&ZV
Y!?SX_


ML?E[9_\ UU?GM#-




#Z'TK9GM9)KRWE
P\F$E_+



M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

M^XMY;:_O-5L4



]?S+?24D$A56*M*<'C&.
' S[BM


<=AC'(/7I3KS5+V.TU5K6[AV06<
]NRQA@

M7M[;RZG MP)&A6!T9E4%=[$
.UU)<W%S+#Y@6W^T1+&
MQ7:
H!JU'//%;0/-.ZQQ1C<S


-O\NS)#9ZC/8'KG\* .GCD6

#.

MVRW$2JZ

MJ%Q).85EM698LDC=O7A

YH U




MP(V-D K@@%2/6@#JKN\M[)4:YE6





L

+

MY(Z#@#K4SW.K2:I/;6MS$$LFCWFXD53*I )9E$?U (*C(H Z.BN=L;O5[Z5[

X*GGK5BXU'4$

@B@!OVRW^W?8O-7[3Y9E\L=0N0
_



[
M





*6^N.O6K%4!JL;32*D$[Q1OY;3J 4#YP5Z[N#WQCW

M&23T H C-M P(

@]*L4UV*HS*I<@$A1C)]N: (#869 !M(%<R#]V.&/5NG4^M
_LK

MKN**0
CZF@!3IE@PC#6-L1$I6

JJ7


@C8
8




L2@A?3I

MQ@4W3[JXNE9Y[40QD*\34/O4^O (([CISP35R@%;6W2=IUMXA
PVF0(-Q'



'E\#/% #8K.VAGDGBMX8Y9/OR*

;RI8A!EMO3





*JC  ] *?



@@\DUV5% &#I
M 6/7+H0V\\4



MQUI(+6.*YLX_*BAM7 W_.
$9+=

9:($8V+/F3YLX(4Y/*<^WMQUE% '&R:='<




MF)E/R[@QQMR
@UTUY8V]Z8C.)#Y+[TV2LF&]?E(S^-6: .2ET^!))8)(+^ZC
M6P95
\+N&.XE1@#;G&


MVCD95B/W0P&1ZX!Z# KJJ* 

M26ME=6T?V.1;N
1.C/*=NW&!EVSN^89^M=910!G:+;0)H\K;/S(E$JM%L+
M-M .X$9/3O7.#3

._.-^
K




L21V\H7:-F\@ 8(^5_QY[B
MNPHH P[.*2'7I2(=Z2EF:1H&1TZX&_HX]!U -/ODGU.\FMH2L44411_M%H[+


MA=2W/]IG41;O'
J0[1(QZ$

MB]M;
TZFPN61]/7(-M(0THS@GCEQQSUI6LWOKR)[PZC'F&
V[QVX)5@/F!+(

MI:DJ+: J9'!X+D8( Z8#=LG@UT-HK):0HPPRHH(]#BN?U33KJ?S3!;31V[CR


M


HV\CCH.Y)/XY-4

%P5=1V
M_GD4 8D.I3G3885BN6DDD@FE8L5(9YQN4$G&WL

N)]S6KPR2(

MB1\PF64LS9&6+;7R?F+'D]Z 




M
*#M  /2MO33NTVV;!&Z)6P7+XR
] %FBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 



M22[2P/78
8;'?D&M6@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ J


'@]QSWK4HH S+G18[G4





MCUQ3O.7[2(

MXP?J* )J*@M[N&X^6_S

M2[^U-
5.3@'L3CKWIJ:A'(D+B.4<X3*@$G!..OH#0!;HJ*&=9@
MY 9=C%3N]?\ )I&G5;M+?:=SHS@]L @'_P!% $U%)N!&<C'2HUG0SO%R&50





9-F\ [6^\

D

54








9.3Z#(%78[:*.


^F=1K2%KG[3LQ-MV;U)!(]\

*.0H74$H<K['!'\B: 
WR

ML

2+@E@/]EB/U%12V5M- (9(4
:G


MNCP^3@9QVS[CBH-)6&=);Q47
3WP3@]CZU9TFW<SB8
MPQHB_:$)4Y))E^GL:U1$BS/




ZSED-

3QW$;%=S%68J05+' X/

*.C9^H&![YK0BLH8&E
.^/S.JJYVCZ#H/PI_V6#R


/S1!
MAU6


CC

C3WE:\D#)G81[E3\P[A_Z%W_K6JR*X&Y0<'(R.A]:CM[:.V$GE[OWCEV+
M,6). ._L!0!F1/OM)9XB9U5VBB65SL58C'.
?-N&3V -6K& P6RVX:!VBB5
M'79@DX&




D*





?*H^F[GTP/


MJ996\7]K&$JKF!#*78 EBY!!SZY#_3(]J -0W40N1!D;L9)R
 YP!]?\*+:Y

FNA@ &_4;Q]X?*G2K





YQ
ARH/]:?-/






KJS 
JX7KRP']:;:).(XS)
K+L'RA
?KFLC7$BN8A
MM3;%'+&Q95QYC;P

C/7%+6=83)YK6Y@=)4!R^20)%'?..
MOM^7%6?*N/\ GY_\AB@Q45Q.MO&'968%U0!?5F '\Z8D
H9S)/YBLN I08'
MO6+
3.;^)Q;


!:UXWJ&!A49(/0^GYUD)9);+/)&4CG/ 4&(* #P

 Y'KM/-9
JR1/I5M


MH TXIXYM_EN&*


MJT9'S#.1Q5.6!62Y+6Z1_NT1APQ#


M(4NVNE0^:R[2=QP!G/ Z#/?UP*GHH :J*N=H W')]S3J** (6MXY'#2 O@Y



*H4$C)P.G-3&*-I%D**77HQ'(I]% !4+6L+
ML6922003N/3T^E344 0K;1(ZN%^9!A223BEG@CN(O*D!*Y5L XY!!'ZBI:*

M W((SN((!.3@CISZ59HH CC@CB@6!%Q&J[0
]OK3P     !T I:* $J
0(+E




MUTU$N71KF?$06








(\DY+[R@89!!)&/FSGKQQ








] &
MW161+K

2
6%T2@PN0



9\F-Y)-MQG[C 

MYH4^80Q:
$L&&WY1A3@\YXZ9%$NIW@O)HI+:+RDBBD^6=@WSR




@ ]\4M !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4QXHY'1WC5FC.4)&2IQC


D^6D


MX50.G'3GO6I10!4.F6!7:;&V*X48




MBIJ* 





M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH I_:CYL^)%:--@P 0R$D@Y[8Z'\Z+2

?0 _C4




+K)&Q4 J


T042.&PI)/(8]A['T]: +&B7TEY86


?=/
MXGW]

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
[=/K0!J45C-XBBC\T3V%[8Y4A(94/S-

MB3=(7


M6XA@








Y_'&.*K+J]L+?S8X[AVDG:%(B
.SC

*_8KQ7GEDB1B\L@.X$AB!R.3[].:)_$MA;V
ML




MZ4 =!165;:O;/;P/;Q7

MK#!)MXQ #OW'''' SU/UQ0!OT4C#*D D9'4=JP[+4WL]&BDGBO+P@2M)(JAB




FXF
LB
NTX;(9AD@


M2
GVY./UKGK;5[B:^LKUX;K9/ISRFU1E(R&0[ASCH3U.?8$XH Z:BL:]\3Z;
M9)\DFX2Q+,,,H(1NC88@GZ+D^U:ZL&4,IR








MZ4^@##L=#N[%HY(]0B

T;@,$CD\<=.WJ:9J^F#5(1$S1 #IYD6\
MJ?[RD$%6'8@]ZT** ,*?0KF5;U5OXP+F:*4%HQ7R]N ?GYSL7T[_@^71)I=

Y_P/8C<6
MW9'W^/OM^GISJW]HE_83VDC
J31E5ZC(JQ3))$B0O(ZHHZLQP!0!E3:+)=H
MS7EYON=J.2*/8(]K;@0I)YR!GGMVK2MDN$CQ=3)+)W



MXPC;NN

F3ZU.MS UPUNL\9G4;
MFC#C<!ZD=:EH S?[-F@O9KFPN4A%PP::.6+S%+ 8W## @X ]1[4R?3+I[^&Z
MCO$'EP218DA+$EL$G(8=PO&/7UXU:* ,&WT&[MQ:A;^$_9K1K49MCR#CG[_^
MROZ^O#1X<F:*WAFOD:**R:S.R JQ4XPP.XX(VKV/0^O&[)(D4;22NJ(@+,S'
M  '4DTZ@@]C=3V307=S;SDC'S6WR

?Q*6Y_ CIVJK::)-8O#):WH618_*E

;B3C&[O]:P'\-SM%
/M\?FS6SVTDK6
I\]O'$/+AVE

MU=W5I/;W4







MGRTJ*@ ^QRM'


]:Q( ))  ZDTB.DB!T961AD,IR* 








;FB0DX)4'G)ZC)[UT442PQA$

X ,8 &0<*YQGIRW&._%1RZKJ46C07<CV23M\S1F)R6P
A54'./



M\2 32K/\X.690!M;C.TG/.

M2Z7:3-$[(ZO$%=)71L$Y(+ @G)YYI6TZU:6238Z/(@C9DD9#M'3&
'D\CF

MP'TZB1!)&T;%@&!!*L5//H1R/J*SHM T^(0A$G @D
L8^TRG:QZG[W?G\SZF


P42;967=CI
MT(_R!0!1N-6O;4W

M'R_
A&3P1ZCFK<$$=O'LCW8[EW
M+
?J223^- &1+JFHRZI+!8V7FP6\RQ2L=HZ@$D$N,!NFTYQU%26EWJ$I:6

0
M(1!@9))_$GDU6ATJS@F:6*(JS

QRM:2RW30RR



M9O\ :]\)IC(ELL46H):;5#



@@U4DT
M#3Y?.\Q)V\^-8I
W

NYLG.=O. 

M#R?:KD6A:=$( D4@%NC1Q@SR$*K=1@MR/KZ#TITVC6
\+12I*RLXD)\^3)(Y
M'.[.!V'04 5_[1N6O+JV+1P2*&

MDM%N';8HR#T!S(O/JPS_ +M;JZ?;+/YP1B_/#2

F.?49ITFAV$OGAHY<3[?, GD .WI
MP&XQ[5+_ &9:BZ^TJD@EXW$2N ^!@%AG#''<YH I65]?SRVEDMA=17#+.%A
M8#RP 05RW4AEYY'/3BE\2QJUG:ML4NE[ 4+#[I\Q1_6K=G;.+B6\N8HH[F55

]D88





MKC-0PZ#I\)@
:3#[/(98\W
YM]-#VDJQ2&:)S)
MNX9U7U'K_GK67;W$^FW6HO$MOY9U&))5$;BZQ@D<\<MGG.?UKHKNUAO+=H+




ODQ-#'BYE^5#U'


@523M?.UCQTZ



X.*++3K6P7;;(R+SA2[

MVUY(KSHS
JLG#LN5/4'!Y'L:JMX?TUQ
&BEQ-&(I!]HDPRCH/O?YR?4T 9NN
MW
E_I^H*BP^1:LBL)$)9G^5L@YXQN'8YYZ5TU9TNAZ=






M?17)0/\ 9C9)/J





MU5KX7PW$K

MCW- &U17+3?:!K36C:J;
0&/[
LGF.TZ8!;^




VX;1N$@/ /!+'.#G)H ZVBN-U&]:!]3CEUEVEM]/
MCE3$@BQ+R/NCGGY#@Y^][BG76INEQ=1V&H&7?;6\K?.9=N7(D8 '(^3!PN.N






S*(PMRT:D;3C)S\@/)^7!/'6J^G:E\VBK
M/J!#LTT4D;RYWE<@9) +$<#)[^] '0:??1:C:+<P!PA9EQ(NULJQ4Y';D5+/
M,EOTTI(11D[5+'\ .36/X8O;6330B7
+
]U.%4.
L?
9N/7Y2#].:VR
]:
M


X

XVXW'CG@=*8

O.W=^
M-7:PEO;_ 


M.O6@_'&L2!$& /?-/JC_:]EY4DGF/\ NY/*9?*??N(R!MQDY'/ Z41:O92M
M;+'([&YSY6(GP2,Y!..





6 &5 /7.
=Z -&J
.FB)L-=7$L(8
ML
A4JI!R#D+N///)-.FU.S@F2*24[GQ@JC
HSTW

MS?:GA0K$0HP
A21D X]3S0!KT57O+ZVL41[J98A(XC7/\3'H!4']LV(B
GFO

CS)YB)'&S.5SC.T#(Y]:CA\

3[&W(5Y]LCGZBLO3]5

;NV

MJ4&G+!J=Q?XF9KA55HVV[ %SC&!GC)[]_I3(=:L9[M+6*21Y) 2F('VL!U(
M;&/?.*LW5W#9H&F+?



M-.6*662X\I(E#

M0P1)&;=G!G)F:-]H_NE1USSU'3'?(IQ:=/IVJ3W$ #V
L0$PFN)))-RYY (.


DJ*)6*J-N&7&T9Y)()Z^U;=% '/G3]5\@J(K
O
;&_[URHPKANH!_NX_&MB@##^PZ
MJMU?2Q&WC6YG23 E;<4!2
[/E/R@YY]..M);:/=V^DI DD(N8+EIH')9A@N


@
MD*S

I*G!]1COC/&:L

#UXWJ* .8T:VN[W1].NH9;9&@L
M?*MV1M^6*J6XXP5QCGGZ8IT^C:F\4P3[,S330S,)+AS@IM)&[;_ +/H.O;'
M/2T4 95SILTVHSS%;=X+BU61)
GD%CVZ@[NOM[\&GP7FGQB)QYJ23?*IG:0

X!.*U:* *FJ6C7NG301E5E(W1LW17!RI_ @54M-*FM]5:Z:
M2-HI$#NF#GS^06!]-IQ^ K6HH Y^UTG4$%L\GV99(;V6XPLC


M %.ZL$N=(ET_Y8DDA





MM.BE/



M3G'&00:9=Z#;7;3[IKB-)S&SI$P4;DQ@@XR#A0.O;UYH C&N2^=(&LMD4=XM
MHS-*-V6V[6  /=AWZ?D(1KMU!'



%(+=K95R@RC=<D*#G@<^P]\N?P_\$\7VRZ43Q
MI&Y78.%Z8&W _+^M V2A/$^IX+?-! Q!8GG
@XSTZ#I5**\?2[K6IQ9;:*
MY5Y2TIW(IC0DJ#G!).


M

M=6FNULF;3D6:

#C\YTTRW47:D%TNR?
1C\N.0/8
MY)^I- &8/$DHADDDTNXJT85L



MS[8]M-$P5F

M6$BW
32R
2#(3AOKQT_J#Z)#(&+3SF1I5E
GR9R
X!&W!')Z@G\0#0!!:Z

UK5KF3S&7R+;


0$^4A$0*J0 58*NWMQMY'KR: (K:=+S7M.


MD]SSGO\ 2A-%6-H)([VZ6:&/RO-!3
B YL-N!V.

MUCF+2;'0D \*1S@



9.02#@#D$4Z&P%O)(T5Q
HDF

MRBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****





!ULG
4#G)P, #UJS

'W)H OR744=PD+
-S GJ/EQCK^8HAN4F:0+D;)#




MW&_RG!
W'6
MK#NJ*6=@JCJ2<L:6S6*]LHTLX-H#@9?[V!W^6KXMV%@T2QQ6S/G<(SP
]2#







M8[NN0

\\;



M-

MC;0



\BQMN

\_A4DCB*-Y&SA06.
M/:LN^62XU%9H5+?84+8'\3D@E1[[0?\ OH5=FFCN-

0P[\4 WJO
M&'6&8JPR#L[5):W,=W:0W41/E3('4D8.


M?F9++ZHI;^58



M+!MH)VI(A)P
]-WH*N/

M3KW'3OFM2XP^HI CL'9-[JPRAD8_')'X@RMPC3R1=FWDD8.?2IJRK=&\


ML4(NZ!3M4= ..![5;5510J@*H&  



MK$SJY#EESM)D;(_6E%M$ PP2'.6RQ.?SJ:B@(P1F;S64,^, GM26]M%;0&







X/K23V\-P@
M6:-7 (89'0CH1Z5+10!#/;0W  FC#@=


MTFV682[KHD'.UKJ1E_[Y+8/Y5?HH C6)%#C'WR2WOG_ZW%
6S@2=)E3#HFQ3





J
C)R.


MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH






M=.'Z=O8BNMAN(YVD5-^8SA@R
O\ 

-(+I([(%BY(V
49#N&
C(!QQ0!VM1&8/YJ





M_D*YP;^P8S%:W



M

=NSH

MPR







M-:&C1VFF6S&)KWRIY0 LUMY81B


-3$5A=$/IZ&
?


ZW3LGF;@ F




LC


/*.&PK'ASQP5P0


MJ[*B;T92Q;.

3@JYQ@











C\:QM/UF[+::;U[5TOX/-'DH4
.%W'.6.5[


!
VX_NXVQM'


UTK5(1IX9+
&VN9IF(F8Y$F[I\G4;S^0

\5U]IFB
MS9M;N_F


=IG[=]I_US?=]/N=:WJ*
M 
!-)U%7L8O
M1#97)E20[BSH0PP5P


'/7U%9^JVKZ3I


ME



MZ2VT#2M(G 8')(RH(;H




MG

_45HT4 <_-IZ(EA9172?;(21)MZF-\^9QG*@]O0@5N31^9;R1+@;

CT&0W*2W-EIMT'A1)/.&\Q
H

MO&MA[9&LFM5RB&/RQMZ@8QQ4]% &+:V&H(;5[@6K/91
D6QV'FD@ %OE^48'



K%T*N^\


D=.1WKJ


&&[Y1@''3GZU5UQ&M(TOK


MC;7

[$Z1,T923 7!.,G(*9QD#IU
M[ $L6LS2K:B2T1!/=26DFV<G8R[N1\HR#L/ICBJ^CW<EK965O);'[-/+)LH

BI(M'ABE5A
M-
R1NSPQL5*Q



9ZC!/OBH(=!2'[)B_O&%K*TJ!O+Y+







DD\

T ;=

MN[7RG4$$-@JQQU')XH !J


M).C&2-1O9#G+@8P!GH35V]

M=H?/1B ?QZ_C4LMTL-TD4FU4:-I[-@#!4?^S5D:09K.TB%K9O);EW1D4J-F
M) 1D^G!'H/SM7ZA-4@D41*1$[N[#L'CR?KC@4 6[2^BNA@






H$K


T1


MT(I:H-J4:V N((GG4
B;8\9YQ_+-7Z (+F[BM6A64MF9]B!5+$G!;M[*:B^W
M$/(#;SE5 *$1M\WMTXJ/4HDFN;)7;;L=Y
YQ@;&7_P!G%4V\YEV7EQ (YE0R
M@





MKE?M$BXG5XCO)+*%7.

MSR .IR2?H
9$HE8$[DCD4E5R0



M5)98PJ(K%]XZDD8_3]:GGF\E2QC=E52Q*XXQ^-8\@8I(79 S&#=1)\VW


M433Q+

C../Q(_
40S+
&(!7:[)@]\&@![(K8W*#M.1GL:;Y
7G




#//I

7YQVA\G)Q

OW21R/\X'Y57DU*&*=X




M45T88*L
@T1QI$@2-0JCH 
4V*YAF1GBE1T4X9E.0*CBO$DCMG*2(+@?*&7D

GU^M/IK.%0MR0/[HR?TJL+^%G=%29G3&Y1$W&

M-M+9#*0
8]?[PH L200RQB.2)'C'\+*/RID5E:P;O)MH8]PPVQ N1^%5DU



 X0@D';GCUX[

M_;JJ

=G;16


$1\O


M.


M2

M23O/'0XSC.

M/G/NV1CW'K3]

M.



M_P!)?;&ZR+

9B0YZ*=N1_XZ*=);Q2ON= 3C





1  #  ) %

5CAC%; M@/&UQ. G !5G&






M]/

$ DDY)/
M)^M-@MH;=I&B3:9&W-R3VQ^'TH ?&A2-4+LY48W-C)^N*HZ?#YD$A
LB@7
I


_K70+#&KAU7#!=@/MZ4PVL1NEN2&\Q00/

)B3RTQ]J4J_\3#J2??.:MS:





M%CU]R:D2WACD:1(U5G4*Q'&0
X_F: 

$QC8K%5_('%+]DA,3QE69'^\&<G/ZT 9
M.H40NCE0;:V








Y89Z5H:JP\Z'))=P=HW' 7+9P#_ +/'?-: @07+7 !\QD$Y[ D



%5$&68GT'TR?PJ96#*&4@J1D$'@U
MGW#&*ZC=Q


MX\CW/K6CH\WFP3K%-$<2OC:V[;\[ ?A@<4 76O(@TJC<WE
JN0. 6Q_($$^

\-GM-P\I(&TL!N48Z9[_4_
MK0!*MY&UXUL

MK(F_LS3'GO9)G6/+

M'(^M %LWT?DO-LD
:



[&D /ZUDV@
DD6PN&14G0




M5#/Q_GUH T[2ZCNXFDC! $CQ_-W*L5/Z@U%)J5I'=K;M-&'8

M_H:S=$MF;RYA'&JQ75UD@\\RN
=*6:;;?.RL3L B5R6QECZ[AZ#VR









MS[P-@/7.XYSV]N:88]LJ6\49$_DDPR1.%6- 0



MM+Y8\S=YGE\QL

MM








M[9I_+#@KA3Y@(*Y+%0










M\APNX+TSR2 /U(IJW


EQ DT1RDBAE.
9!H :+6



0=IQD






MO
WG;YGE9D_-NVX_.@%-+M5A\DB5X\8*O



MG/:0M;+;[,1)MVJO&-I!'\A4DLB0Q/+(P5$4LS'L!UI#-&'C0M\T@)48/('
M6@!K6\;74=R0?-C1D4YZ!B?_013IH(KA-DR!UR#@^W2G

MW=I%69
QMM;)QS@'^1% /86TD;H\0._[QS@^V#U'X5(MO&B@*"$ YY %2
M*P90RD%2



M]/D@N/.:_N)20 ZLL8#XZ$

3YF8L^
DDDGI]: 
&
M:*X6UO6D
33AI=OD9W, 6X)SD$Y(^GM^=.CT^
M.-9HR[O%* NQCD*O/RCVYH LHRNBNC!E89!'0BJ&KB1HX IVQ_:(M_\ M?.H
MQ_GTK04!5J  !@ =JANK<7
2H79-LB297_98-C]* 



M[;

MW
22!C&!GIT[4 8M@S)=1)YCY
Z;@H(7;]G&
_CCK6AJ!DFN/L19D@EMWWE4


@L8-L*X164*22


S#YNH;/RGV]/H*1[*-Y)79I/WF

ML$1

+& .G!)&
'([\#


MNX(:-MP*G!/!&?3DU6DTB!H#&CR1N05$B$ @'JH'3'M_7F@MJJ0F^B$RQD

LK


0.2O
M^U^53Z=$]O9SVR







_C27\F

M

MK9WF3!+EB22?J2:?]E@ CQ(OE*5C*J!L!]/2@C$=G]H-&K1[8EQG/!VD]_


4;/#

M/U- $T_EQPEW8QQQ@D[3C K



M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB



MN4J
9&-XYZ;3W!- '94E844

\A(0=4W9_O8X[AO:K&M

''R@L.5!/?(Z =Z +5CJ
=_;I/;Q3%&D:
[EEN0
M203GJ







2 02./
M2@







C:LS/:WENJ?O=@4'9O!4=N7&#G&#W!- '8A







MVR:= (9;J=[J\DDE+I*;='DV@=1R
 #C).#UYH Z6HS)RFQ3(&8J64CXSU









L+3QB5AN5XW$=,@?C31=VS7#6R7$+7C)B$@

MO

MS

9Z=5/2@#7HJ2[MHIXX);B))9?N1LX#/]!WJ266.)I9I%CC099W. ![F


@]5'

3^ JR-0LBTBB[MRT:[G D&5'3)YX% $\:
ME(U5G:0J [8RWN< #\A3JK)?V<BQ



&YAZ@=Z )Z*H1:K


M5'&48



D/() 57'7)[4
M 6**CAFBN(EE@D26-AE71@0?Q%9 UNZBB

MYCUH T:*KM=0Q0R33W

MI0!I45F:EJ$UG TL)MY@+F.)ER08U8JO.
Y;)SVX/MS:OKZWT^V:XNY5CC!

R#U7GG\*LT %%%% !1110 4444 %%%




M;_8FCO+:[DFCCDD7YU=V)&5)'W7/7N/QJ34=













HM D


MFW8(( Z\UT=% '


MB0[S'YN

:JK*
9'4EB./U

M'-QZ5))J$DMY97
J3O'

MF





MZG.5)/-=!10!F^(H9[G0[NWM8&FFFC**JLHZ]R20
5GZK;ZC?2_NK%HT)@E_

MWA[XV]8AEN=+D2&
O*2K!
@$X8'&3QGCUJ_10!SMY87LW]I6YMRXU#:R3;UQ



MWX.





'+'L./K3+/0HK-[%DN
M[IA91M'&K;





=!BQ
M:Z5*7M9I[JX4VK$Q1XB'RD $-M7'J/EQQ^= $:^(-]\8DLYGMUD:)YU20A&7

MGG6*9B[V^1Y98]3TR
(O]*6*VLI[A04$I2-R4W 'CE3@
M

M7@XP
K@\@./69WF4&QV1?:C;
SRC=G'!  .1^(Q[U+HEY=7L


LLK2[

XS
MVJ&WT!(#:E;^[;[+


^PV4\
M4;1^8DC1N%(XX)90
\]B1[U5\3W4DNF:G;0PEE@MR\LOFEIP2 ,=3P02!@

M@9R#@C/48]\T 5'U=+0WA-EA[:&#
I(&]6) )(!(53DG/3DX]9SJ\K26D5O:

M4
CLCA6![?




?+W[5-;ZO



'J#V[CGT- &?#KL]W+
M:1V=BI-S:_:5::;8H&5!7@

M

P0R^9<! I0D%0<?



MLPM.0@Q(@ZX^O.*LC7II@/LVGLS&V
_[V4(


MHG@#*L@D#
58@E3N!XR!TYXIQT.(.##=7
*K;FW5$*D!3U/S*23GG)- $+ZV



MS!A$TU)T9&W
X4*

C[K8SU![J*I+X
M;M]D


G')J6'3$@NY)XKFX596#R0AAL9O[W



M

X:#+I%\GS/MQD$





MD



M02WVR
6D


:B;8F6-/



#&!VZ@]Z .FI@D!E:/#;


/


9<
P'H
MB

EU)&TEM*S+&%V-@IR
@G#?7IC




]]M58(9$D


[N/]L]




CI(9;B%%YD
M7;E0&!'\1)ZGB@#;HK!GNKQI[BV%^(9+2V242K&NV9OFW$@YPH*C@$'GK5.?

=P#JJ*YZ\U&\SJ$\
YC:PF5%MM
MJD3*0IYR










2D)_NC''X59JI'J
M$


M)^M*


M&
XZ8)X]ZM54U.\.GV

M-I;7:JMU;Q3A#N42(&P?49J20N$)C56?' 8X!_'!IJRQM
\2L#(@!9?0'./Y
6:SMY))%VNSQ*2P]2.1P*LT




 ?7!^M344 4CH^F'=G3K
[E-^X7E1C Z=!@?D*E2RM$^Y:PK^[$
M7$8'R#HOT]JL44 4_PRM.V1)]@M=L)+1CR5PA/4CCCH*'TG37
A?3[1C*VZ
M3




.3R?SJ?[%:_:
MA=?9H?M &!+Y8WX]
]:BTN^_M&R%P86A)=T*


M$*@N#U!XY!]ZL2L4C9EC:1@
A%QEO89('YFLRUUZ*X:UWV=U;I=DB&24(58X
MSCY6)!P#U Z4 7!IUB($@%G;B%&W)'Y2[5;U Q@&E;3[)UC5K2W98R60&
$*
M3U(XX-6:J6%X;P7&Z%H3#
T6&8$G '/'UH ?)8VDPC$MK XB.8PT8.P^WI5B

M7GA93S%M.QG'&6+#C^5






]O


E.





M(F2(W40B:

MMX/ &




)[=]L;[E(!W#

. 3@GH
5#86D;PZ
M:\^GW$@ANK@$RV[EU!+

;]*DE=KIU?SH'W;2
M[

MCH(RX
:MP1G:&X//3VKK:* 



\$CG



M

?


HLC0);SMY.0ZKD J


O/:JDMT]WJ<$EM=SI;W.G22H!@;3E

 1UP



MEN1):PR-+%$$VMDY^\V?FQN..!^- !IWB&PU*]-K;/N?870AE8.!UZ$D=1PP












M3C\Z 


?=!/4[NW-&@ZP9-.L([E+AII;4


%&C#-AR0I^





M1DGMGWIVI6+WWDA9@B(^7C=2RR#&

M !
@9RQ R








.X''ID?2_I5F]AI=O9O
)3@C$BIMR!P.,GG% %;^W%S%
MM/O5:.+S@C(H:1

MH]/T62TO%N9;I9G\IHI#Y6&E!.06))Y_3TQ3;?P^L'V+%P2;5CSL^_'QM3KQ
MC:G/?;[T 6GU5([R.WEM;F


ML.ASQZ=' ;U//@N6N(9EAP%+$D@J6.1\S#J.#ZC- #_#\TTSZGY[SDK=D*LQ
M!:



MY


L&&(;'S#YB 1M'8]Z8?#DWEW82


M[-Q]/3E]Y93RW<=U:W*P2
Q-OCW@J2#QR

X6U5+E)/D3=\K

4 =4 0
7O#!#D^O?G
MCUX .BJ..:*6,R1RHZ D%E8$<'!Y]B#6-!JMW=*T7[.MV\LZ-(T9

<@^H''O2V^LZA=_9/






C
M2*0#D$QG!]0



M75U.X&HQ07
8M5D5=JR1D[F(!($@.W(Y&._7- &M1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 R:)9HGB

GR9&./F].*TJ* 

MU'WO\X'H*TZ* 
X:'IPABB$+[(HS$O[U\[#_  DYR1['(%-;P_IK*R^0ZHT0
M@*I/(J[/[N V




2PQA$+D D_.Y8\G/4DFI*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HJM!?6US=3VT
RR36^/-5?X

M:*

X9@*K6.HQ7=G!



MQ.2.1CCI2PWADL5N?)8Y!)52.Q/KCTH MT52BU!65?-C:-G4R*H^8[1CDXZ?



M T**@M[E)OEW+YH4



 $


_





9]
T
M3451LM3BO((GC&YWC#LJ

MWQD :6
1H[;(_FW
3DCD8XZ4ZVO!-;1RLC*7SPJENAQV% %JBJ$NH
EPT4=O
M)(%17SM8$Y)! &.V
U;


M2F5UT2WC8++8PD72C_EGB/:5;T)8@^^

M.1D'+ !2#QTY'?UKH8C(8E

M?+Z#Z_I6;HCSVUC9K#:O);O$H;:5&P]
@$]
=?ZY-;U

$=
#TK0:-&




ME
-TMP0KCG'R*
_A@_E6CL4$D*.1@\=O2FPPQ01B.&-(T'14& /PH Y^ 3VF
MA6@MI7D?R%V)MW&-@!/') .#^&!6N%A?3X4LUCF0*%B/#*O& ?P%688(H$V
MPQJBX P!Z=*6.*.($1HJ DL=HQDGO0!C6%I)%;V[[XVC20?,PL



M_ ZZJ%4*H  & !VIDL

@
?FR+YQ=]P7:P93G
MT8Y'..3TJ_.=VI1JBJC+&9&E89X' '7_ &B:MF)HWC:-C_ 'E(R&^OK2-!

&1'1XD99.'!7[WUH S=






MPR#U'K2-$CH$9 5!! QP


M&

:XEO=BS%8HRA.T9P3QQDD_IFM9XHY/OHK94KR



K*[
MJ@D  B5G)'OGI4IBC
;(44HW52

?6KMHTK:K<NS)+BUA!\OH7S)G'Z5H+&B!0J*H7@8






M-^]Q(V[#J& 7/N-I'?UN5$8(6B\IHD


M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B




M!Q534-5%M?V5K\#O-.(Y5+_ #HI(.T?[IZT :=%1SSPV\?F3RI$F0-SL%&

@W$@9(Q[


M
+RWVQ#




MM(?.
+OCCDGISG SCW'3-7?ML
EM
T5U;J\2X=BP98FQ_$

I99/



CCD_-[?CW -RBJ6KW4UEILUS;I&[Q@'$A(&
\]*ECO;26.1






MI[0W$=]++!%F

8
;L




8^4.5*%F88!SC./<5J:4ERNGHMZ
M!YN6S\J@D$G&X+QG'7'&:NTA (((R#VH Y/2;5Y[.&*PQ!;WLTOF@H%P'<;


MYO\ 2)TLS*\
KO-*I3Y RL#U()&6!P.P^E;=% '+QZ=J6S3(#:*'LY7$EP95



M

4;+







%P




2H[^OX %X:
MS4DS#
F9YG*W;J!*1N48'''''M4


QGE
I^0*%)[#\N

D(^0V
]O&#
MCGO5O16D:Y$LTDQ2YD4

###'WF


M+IMUO




A$F



/RGR!EPQX.

0R_*6QC*D[CU'(! [U#=Z'=W37Q-_$!=VRV
MYS;DE0

M-19S!;SB)&9#)(H4;E.,$[L_AVJ!];@/VP?9KMH[0LLTBIC:0,\#.XY!X('
MOTYJ72+;3X9DFN$G

M@#TY_*@ N]=@LHVQ;7

M.TB 
._.

EAUP


C9 (
M )QT/7&.^*L?VO OVD2QRQ-;[
JX&7#\+@ ]R
8.#GM68WAF9K:YC%_&)+FW


JQA%!48R.2?UJM_8DDD.HQSW8(NYA.C1Q;3


M='O0H'VZ XNS=?\ 'L?7.W[_ +]: %C\3Z9)=O!YZKM#
'+H00HRW )88 /4
M#IQ5=M39=5FGG6]CMELC(82

@943R\.B


N#DG&





M2^<;21S@'J?Z3^R+B73#8W5]YBJ%\J18@K*5(*EN2&(('H#Z5)9:=/!J
U[




CA$&
Y/7^AI&N8$F2%IHQ*_P!U

L!

M0!H27$

0,9Z^_\J )OM]G_ ,_<'_?P?XT^
M*ZMYV989XYHR=C X_SBLFRNKB4P
]Q





M$


NH6L
-Q*\N$MPQ


A5_L\Q[%DE=F+B!CDC/
M)ZYSCIVSQT% &]+/'%$)';Y5 (YR20!^I%#3PIG?*BXZY8#%9.N S6EKY'F

M8(IHH9)4228D1J3@M@9.*FH BEN(H6597ELXS[#)H%Q 75!-&68X4!AD]ZR
MM65RUZ[D;192!%Q]WU/X_P!!5IY=U_: S1OEFP%&/X3[T 79)$B0O(P5!U)Z
M@2(TC1JZEU )4'D ]/Y&LR^N!]HA
ZLD*SLAW#B1?*8GCOSQ^%2V8DMY$!A
M^:X.9 .?*&/D'TPN/K]: +DEQ%&^QF._;NVJI8XSC/%



M :(N82TB^8



MED#

SZ+=+'*X??
HD)R5 9AQGO@8% %Z&\@G
7E






1O/R=/FXZGTZU;OA(\UN@
J
T9 41EBGJ=PR
XXS]30!H&[M




X^E25B65
MS/;WC1S6\MU/* 6F1=N%' !#8X'MGDDX%;= !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!5B



X!)+/
MU8DDDG\2:FHH K+91 (IYCCQLB HN.G _K3EM(5,AG$C^8RYXS@#I^'YT]

9$8 7/.
M

?(?4 C&?K0M[:LZ(MQ$6D.$ 8

-Z^OUHETZ*24

M0O&6C


M%
LBIN.!N.
GK@?E41O[81E]YX_@V'?_ -\XSV]* )#;HSQ._P [Q9VLW4$C

M_D: *]UIT-VRM
\Q9&W(5D*[3TXQCUI]K916KNZ-*[N &:21G.!G Y/N?SJ:

M7854\
/?W'KUIYGC$S1%L.BASGH 20.?P-.66-VVK(C-C. P)Q0!7^P1JFU)

MD@9Z]3@4\.K$@
1U /2@H=
A/628\J?O\ =3D?E4D5FL5I);AW82%R6;K\

M_7;T)^M2&11*L9)W
1QUQ_^NG Y&1TH JP F

MYZ(I=EVL&R

''3.
M:L5'#


M]0 ?ISFELRJWNS[&^]!L
BLI&.H+#/!Z^O7WJW=6 NI%9YY0$)*J N!D%3U7

C?(AW8]V![#]*






MR2^8&*.5V

I//SC$L?]









MA#)I;Z?\P@:$P\'D+C'7UI8[**)


F%0IO#D$X^[CN-W [5)#;?9WWOY\N]#^]+




MY'EI


%D*C:W8=?O'K4TMJ);F*9I9 (SN$8/R
MDXP?I0!0U9/

M9&/I[U?
W^<4 8H@EFUR[*[0F.-1F


/U%2N






%4A(CC:I/4CC/ZTZXMDN&B+LX\IBPVG'..OXT 9UG;
M*;RZ!L+73*!T^0;%/'R^IS6Q55;%6=E:8%V#,1,W)  ]?0K5 !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% #'D2
 NP4$A1DXR3T%*'0NR!@67!(SR
]*H:

MEB6]F:X(4@Q[=S8Y.0.YYH T3+&LJQ%U$C@LJ



M/;6GV9F&XQ%=A!''./SS0!=\Z/8K^8NUONG/!IY(4$L0 .23VKG;J9H86GA
M^7&Q**P;#


JYZ

C!E/0@Y!I=
MMMXG=S(BAOE *








M48S_ 



M@#+MM

M4BVLIU#[1+

M-

MHH I_8BQE21_W
CER@&-W3@GTX_&G6]JT DC\YFMR

M;9;:



5+0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
20.SJ V4.#E2!T!XSUZ]1_2G
MT %%%5Y;RWANH+:255GN1$G=L#)_04 6**** BBB@ HHHH **** BHYYX
MK:!YIW6.*,;F9CP!2Q2I-DL9W(ZAE.

M&;'.




M!T;&

<TZZLK6]14N[:&X53D6



;[03U7)!'





S?V?:[F8.





MO9S'$9&5%0!2?E;8W)(/4'H
=:V(;*TMVE:UAB:;F0I&%+_ %QUZG\Z5[2V
MDMA;/;Q-;@!1$4!0 =!CI0!'IXNS8JM[)&;D95GA.1UX/('..O'6N=M%E;^Q
ME-[+)*]W/\[!R?)*.
#ZGG/)].*ZJ.-(HUCC1411@*HP /I5=M
L&=7:QMB
MR

[
T;=N!C
M&

M/*5(U*'
8;G/)QGL1T_M5M.L6CBC:SMRD)S$IB7'_9&./PH&FV(
Q%E;@S
MY\X^4O[SO\W'/XT 8T


%D
M4
 1T/-0-I.G





CV


^HXJN-(TP!0-.M


Y-1U)=)@G:[$DUS=O;;FV1QQX=P&!V-@G:!SGJ*DDN=;$MOI

'H*
M5]/LGMTMWL[=H8^4C

YY;JI(]!



8-2
M16T$

@GG/!%9

MEE^_(J 



=/:K(&!@=* %HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HK!DMI$\1&00^
9 V44)CY9!QM_V#W)(JC;03H-/CMK=)[=9X3*8MHCSG;R<97H<C(H
M Z'4KPV%FUP(6EVD J!U.




=J6F@94 !


3:@)HK

J3U[JHJJFFC^VY#
+R$Q2JUKY$*F/RPJ_*'V$J.


8'**=W49Z9!(]\ '4B6
S&$./



Y[?=/(PQQ]: .AHKDY--N);
MV%-3EOC*L$7DSV\2.-X'S?



MMP[&/*[EZ@\8Y(4X_P!IJI;'V3+]ENI+


G_8H


MK3JY V\4Z*)[*[D_XE80H]O*5WCMM(QNXJ/4X%OMB7%K-*9+.--\MM*Y@;+9



N


*



4B0:8D]


MXKBW






7





MTPPQ]:[- 0B@YSC^+K^- #J*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **YO4[
M][;6;J&36FM%%NDL
;+%AF)8%0NYA\HX!SS5V/67BM;5[VRN(VE6/S7C9&


=+TGC::W;[5!OC4C)!< J

M9






V: -BBLD:]%+++'9VEU=&.-)2T855*L00789'':HX
XD17\MID4%%;&<'G


MVQG55*J^
[3S[XR.

.
M,T :-%9,&L2RS7J'3KD_9YQH382_P H/][CKGG QCG/%*FNP2+;^7;W3R7'
MF!(Q&



M8.L8)(#2
^


M);OL=) 
@D @\$CD$&JG]OVP%V[Q3QP6CF.6:0*BAN
#DYYW#!QB@#5IKHLB
M
C@



UDB+9*H2I+#MC!_#G%5K/73<6D4C6-QY\H9T@0H
M69 1EA\V




M^M6CK]LL5Q


MFBBV











B*RFL



M^4YQ@X]


!C([




M7:VX8!//(/?\*

GE 0#!#= V3SCVQGV





MARQ:&--AO &#@^:\6[Y5(VK@
.@51G/:EO\ 1;BZ-QY=ZD7GO%(P
&[#(0?[


M:%% %3




M9[M29K@7


JQQT/7%6;

$D8QW JA!8ZA*MI#=K;10V\@D/E2-(TA&2!RJ

M@9YW
.U3VTZ75O'/$24D4

6D87#Q/T(XVCGKZB


M $@^5]WE.I/3G&!BK=A81#4)YT@2.
]6:Q=1TV_O))I4G$3*T9@C60;'V-N!<EPYS]
MT\CBL^]L'O==#SZ;%-($'#[O+SLQ]\Q$$ D_Q#UVYZ@'545S0\/W*V^EH&B#


A7I

;AC&9 _&T@$ CKG/([=ZS=/TF:SO%EE

C$2$MN)!X&WD?+U
MSWZ4 3V=RMW;B9$=
EE*N

MV97?S'*X ]

4 :=%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !2$X!)SQZ#-+10!2CU6TDMHKA
M&E


W Q0!TJL&+8S\IP<@


MI+:]$;S(X1+K.T?
'Y
G(QCTZC !%1RVVJRV\0EM;IPB1[$^T+D
LF6W_/AL


.KL;5KBVN@5M_+N-MR
R-Y9Y&
M)  =PZ@9Y!R.138[?5O*6.6#4&C B
H%THDD.PAMK!^/FVG&5!P?H0#I0P+E


K3[HD


MP;NU1ID9&END!.8_F&?




F3U&\YX/'

%** /_]D!
end








begin 644 exhibit10-23x11x1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!# ! +# X
A .#0X2$1 3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB



MOX+ 1FX\W$C;5\N%Y




;







MQV)$GG21F13M.W (!YZ9Y''O67H
B7&HZHQOI+EX+HJH
Y(52J\;1QC(8#CL

]K
MJELDTLDZV\DZ2V]RY((P5#+U0]



].M9JZ@50PRZC
=32+R
M)M;N;6*]\]#;0RJIFW_


_C0!UM


6F/=
L=W([N
M-NQ2
NKJVW=N ;=V':@#KZ;N4L5R-P&2
\@?Y!KFS(4F@M=3U5U@\C
-TCF

MG@#UI:Q-8C3^V=-D+2!\2! )64

@#LZ*Y6VNI?[.TG5Q/-
M<^9L$R+
VTR



/FN2%C\P;F(Z@#VIU



MM-!

MU0

M@ HHHH **** ()+;S+E)6FD**.(?EV;O[W3.?QQ[5/110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 1SQM+&529X3D?.@4G]01^E+%&L
2QH
*HP*?10 4444 %%%% !111

Q8; 4

M=V[ QTQSUJM!I=X-!



B@#D9]%DE
MT*XC_LJ<WQM_('F7?F*3D8*[G( SSS@CL*Z&^@EO=&GMX]UO+- 57<1E1T.




6DR*TU_#

6SM+B

&3

M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44

?VA
MYS?9_MGV7[/M7&/

MX^Z.WK^$?]DG[1CSE^Q^?]H\CR^?


M.] $D[F.

VYB

MV




MRA3R'7.-N&#?7N/KTH RHIYV4.DRF2Y5_
PHR@7@'\!SCUJ[93;9VM()(S#%

G

M).


M+-IUXBR)%';7R,2QDD,98'^'A6'Y?I5A+6ZDTJ[@F6..297(LA=4R
8R0#

$8E89;ICKZE/SK2



^*J1Z3*L$@(B+K(&A
M5V9UPJJ!SP5.03QTSWK6D\SRCY87S


MID5/J=P()G_=

([0

M/=RR
SN[<,?S &+'C=G'&* )+5HHHY?)%Q(WWCYF\DD^A;Z=JS





IN&NVW^459AG(.T@ ]
@U?33V_

'/&Q1S^(- $Z((T5%SA1@9.3^9IU5KJU^T
M2V[EW3R9/
^5B-W!&#ZCFK- %2Y(-U;IB16);:Z$#'RG(([]OQQ6;%+
+HF6
6-0I5%CQ(6)VECD
M_GT]J *4ET$\0W
P^6W0
=I  RYQN!X('.:O6THEF)C3)0E23
3QCJ!W[5'
M)IOF7\KG'D21JK#NY#



M+73S!ILD2QQ0S3%]QC ^4
Q/7'. : *EFP







M=@:?I]RZRK:R%


MD;1QNP

XQCU'I0!NT5SZW
?]IQ

M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 03VD%Q(KS)O*J5&3Q@D$_R%


FTJISC:#V%5[/2HXXK-Y=_VB
AY/YU;HH SFT^1Y+A6D!CG)W$_PJ1@@#UXZG\JELH)[0&#<CVR*
M!3D./\ 9/8X]?\ ]=7** 



9-'(2WXV
MRTKA)6 VG?C&._(%7)K)2



M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%

M1.FYU8:A]KN-P3R_*^39M]/NYZ\]?TXH R+2[?3+S4OW32PF_CC9WE.Y2ZH.









_A0!@M=RZ;JNK7CVZO
9G:2.?88 ^E7KK5EM)+]C:!&M_*4R.P <,3@L00HYY/OQ1<

97W;\S[8GBTHQW$T_V^[:2955B=@^Z.#PH]3[


+R;RT58YU^SM@C/S$.ORGGJHYQS



MM;61#&L893Y:GJ%)7.


MD_G5M[%)--:RDEE=&C
;.2-QSWZ8_3% &6WB&58W'V*.25+F.W;RK@
@WXP=


'GK0!7GUAXFEE6U#VD$PAEE\S#

M=9)( P\MW&/FZ9[#.#@XY%









9.1GL.


M0LC23
#&&2/YNAR



MY'?I5;5]1FTV SI;QR1(C.[23B


GAR*5+I&OKS;=0K#(



M=F





M?_H(HFTB.69)OM-RDPC
3R*R@RKUPW&.I.






M1);$

4H@B:8+/



#@CEQSGH




JW#LQ#2
M!B
%E=?FQ@X8G/H: .SHKFK)!J&HZA:S:I/-+''$5\J=HMK%3N(52

MJL




MQNX^; Q[X[XJW9SZA(;JXBU%'OHTE#V!1]V\ [007(49 P0H!_&@#K&8*I9B








M7\

JW#LQ#2!B
%E=?FQ@X8G/H:ZEA(=
(




MC822V

8ST^7I0!MU5O;U;


BEBDU?0FU&Z9+IK:3(:=
MHRQW)LRN1@MSQCG&#G% '5+(IC60Y4


-P.1@_ASCI3ZY-KV20:BL



;=A4X)[9Z@'KVJ[110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 5+BQ
MTMQ'=W$#A0I$94JP!ST8''7J
&K$



3ZR*!T.#D^XJ:SMY)=9FNH;22*WFL4B6X)3EA




7CP)/E]&R1\

CU
MI: BDI: BBDH 6BDI: BD!STI: BBB@ HI*6@ HHI* %HHHH **2EH *

4VTMO(^P)R&


9SW

295,NY0R(1M4]NIYQW_2IU4*H51@ 8 H 9.YCC,GF)&B EBXR
M /S%8VCSW$DMX)=EN\T[%<KDYVK[]<8./KZ5LS0)/@2$E1SMS@9[&JZ2DHN


M/MP#Z?=%6!%



M:8S.O!D(P6]
^^*=-&)(V& 6VD*3VR* 
 7

M241L#
[+23QQJ
M!)A@WEYPH']YC_(=S^D5O97BF*.:6V


MA3N;FD&G.H


^];4









M$*I&Z$




]Q^1^M %74T5V9D!N+C;L$:$_NE/\7'OR1U/;IS:T^XMI
MK80VUZ)Y(UPS%LN#ZL#R/I2Q5;J5Q;P
I-/MVM+%(RB^8 <A

LDB2 J$VA2
$

MYS5-]/N[9@;


M)!%Y18

M1M!QCWK.T\3Q6MK;M*\
3$R-!BJ%(+,5#9Z^A_6@#2HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****

?,(
MQ'%&R1[6)+;B21CC[N.]7** 
R^L9IGG:

2-&57=59SA03@L?:@!]%%% !111
M0 444V21(D+R.J(HR68X H =12 Y&1TI: BBB@ HHHH ***8)$
AC#KY@&2
N* 'T444 %%%% !13$D23=L=6VG:VTYP?0T^@ HHHH **** BBB@ HI
MDDL<04RR*@9@H+'&23@#ZDTKND8!=E4$A1DXR3T% #J*** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHIAD02
NHD(R%SR1ZXH ?11437$*!R\T:B/[Y+ ;?KZ4 2T44


MS$D'I@8X]\TR34[N*XC:1H1;W-L7@ C);S  =A.[![D# S@]




.@:

MX53N)IKV^T:]=8/+:[=80%.]5V/U;/? )  QCO6M_8ECC[DW^N\__CYD^_Z_


@
ZX!^IQ[UHQZ!I\7D[$G'D
MR-+'_I



B;3OC.
KDDD-ZY
MXP1WKI5&U0
DX&





5W9YX'WNIJNFLZLT%O$D$4MW


[+Y9ZJ03@CZ^


@W%


* -R8DC:.N


MMO;2S02.3(=^UD('W5.
$





[E

M-L





DC
MW
D




9Q[U=O[C[+9RS %F4?*H!



)XC-$\;








M5Y4$9(8JR@X^;CKQUQ[]M(Z3:&6&0B8O#L;SY





*Z8!'!.#D8R

M(SC!&T =SG\

M6=1-A:S&*%YKR1HHXHDSL(W$DEG4-PO3Y?Z5O+$JPB(%]H7;DN2V
8^]G.??
M.:J+HUBMB+
1



.N7[I%;PVZRWCRSIN



M/DW*YZD-NR
]\'FK\:+&@1!A1[YH ?1110 4444 %%%% !12'I7)Z7*\Z2W.

M

MZV




L%S*]NL)/FQ2^8XZYPS$\@YZ]


1_,<LV<-
MO 8_=PIR,'@4^2YGUR02ZJL$T4P MFC?
D78A=^T@Y^]M)!ZGB@#IZ*XRUU

9%
74)+F&.$:LL5D)KB
W3R
P&


B5BK#Y\D#.
=/IGWY -:WO([FXN(4



_4#Z').!WQ63INHQ--HRW5TGG*MPC

.M


MDOE1.XDV[PDL3QL5]0& )'(Y%7*YOR3]@75[O4//2U9(FLT8!QN.2Q!/RC
2.6/7UY(% '9LX4-M&]U7.Q2,
MG\Z<.0#C'M7'ZG'%IESK,D5Y<V\BV,;PNUP[$G+\?,3GG:/;=Q@FI[FYFN]2
M14U=+1?*CDM25=A,,?,5PX#G/&"?2@#JJ*PK6Z,6MS1S30

\-
9Y7E8Y[
M\8C!QD# '' ZY/%3T4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%4FO

M U**S[^^$$R1HWS*-[*HR7'15'N3_*FF]=;J

8/4''XT 7J*SX9[F749HP5$:1QG:P(QDOG
M' /8?E3+[4EM[]8S)A8H6E=




MYAWA0%)!7A3@Y R1D]2* -FBL^&]==*GNY1O
1D.!QD*QQ^@H%S.MS(7:WP=

M)(P#8!C8;MIPW/3@T :-%4;U[M+=!$P\S(+

*
MT@A'[AL*QZ$\\]5&

MT$TIB)CC0L7##. 


DGM0!=HK*O+Z6&ZM(X[FV*7$

QZU;6NV0;HV9TPO
M.2H7G/'.:N7$[I9S2%'C95;;QN/3@\9H LT5F_;I?


Z;D



06QR0



\2Q6D_+@







Q







^U16K_:-4FE6*



+A@C

(




M00



M47DB1H9D17



MZ;MQ/  '!('M_0U/I\D\UJLMP8RSDE=@P O;/)YQ5:[MOM$P22G:X9VP%V


L8C;)X#;N.QS


&
*6!82











*,_OG$8..%'/7I]*FOC
M.+.3[



B2:UOFN9H9&CG^5%3YC!DY.0







U9O;2#[#:1QI



$C(LC+&40@D#@Y!Z'((].
86Y8)&91G:=Q/3. < 4 7J*H7]^]O;.T<+F3(






M$NNTH[-CE@05P


XQ^- %Z
MBLVXU
QZ.UZ(RK-$9(QM+CID;L#C_/-/EU'9!/
W


F3:2%X8G_@6?TJ
M:*Z:02MY7RQG;\K9+'V_



MM $U%48;YY)IP87
:
%4JAR#CD'].1Z^U6X7
L2N4:
D?=?J/K0 ^BBB@ HH



J0W0FF.R/



?*..!SS_ #K0VC;MP


'IW_2M:
MDP


\O]S)D@9)&Z/('N





MP



M/*S
F: 
G4[9FEML1@@
B&9I2



M#;V7F0S7L@O([%5., 'H3]T#\:34]+O[N+45A^S#[;;I'\\C?*PR#_#TYZ_
MH* -)=3LV69A+@0D!]R,O7IC(Y![$9SVJ,:U8%4;S7&Z98,-X97/0


M8)/+$C&/$3;@-VW.3SSCT]* +


M8)SGI5G^V]/\N-S.1YCF-$
;!RPZC9C=G\*:U@]OIC1Z9!:V5P^UF6(!4SQN
2V:%[M3,WF9=0%3.% YS
MM(SD8(/7% &M/KFG?9[AOMIC2/<KSJA*HPP.&(*D\CCGZ&K%QJ=G;3*:4JW

+GW(K
FTO49=)U:UVVHDO)':






*^'YX]%N+.*ST

 LI7@]
CD'!Y''%
O
M-3M+%L7

9Z'%-_L_4L?ZNT_X_OM/^O;[OI]SK0!IKJ-JPD(D
63((@DB
C[R



MA-:

5*L
?=/


L
.P7/##IG-


MG3XGB@



MI]]J
;V\$J+;R0.C R%






D$B27'G1?O71@=H'W@
J0


+(&9L\;2
M YP.I'/:HM
\X^)K\W$8B=K:%BBRF11RXXR!C@#@#_&@#=HJC=WLT=TMK:6Z
MSSF
RL'DV *#CK@\GMQV/(K+@O9)]3-[8VYD:6R5S%+*5VD.01T.#QC@8XZT










M?T^_GOIIP;40Q0RM$2TN7)&.P&


M5O*9#QP.FY22?I5JXUBY6[:*WLXI(TN%MBTDY1MQ .=H4\8/K^&.: -FBL5M
M=D2&YGELRD4
WV?&\L[/E0









MU.]&JV\




A0!GGKC^M:%(6 (!(&3@9[T 4[O








-P.1

+0





-]/_ *]







6G6
5I 9#'$-JF1MQQ]:F1BS.#&RA3@$XPW Y&#^'..E/H **


^UU33[U$2VE29LC

N)9'E1$0DM$0''

M2YORC1_;_

G'3H /R% '/QFX;7'@.J?9C;S*(H) [-+%M7IE\-GG)*
MD@YYJ&SDO+@W

M

DUAJ41N)6@3R)D)N

5=67!V\JF
M 3COCJ*;;QP36OAR]DN;F4R
/-D^U2




D$ ?G5






I=/GV_







MQ7

M4 ;




M=H)X;IKJW+%3N/H

M+6DUL]G-+)'-*7Y3:C



2I Z




MOR7]G%CS;N!


MLU)9YM/ACD577:K?.

N:CCOK.5F6*Z@=D4.P60$A3T

F7Z&=
MK2-6^SW(NK1=P&]FP74^G\8Y_O\ M0!L'4[ 1K(;ZV
*6X!3J2
\[CT;M_%]



]1WI%TUK74[6:UTF7RH[693*C

M+AF20



@&ZFH


TVRO;8:4@TN2


MDEI?K


.=


/:J



MJ-8YHH@C*K;AQQUH T:*** BBB@ HHHH **2N574[B1D35FN[Q+SR?L;K'


I5@
$'O45K:6UG&8[2W

MR/0BFV]O#:PB&VACAB7HD:A5'XI:* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH 9)&DL;1RHKHPP589!'TIEM:V]I'Y=
MK;Q0)UVQH%'YIJ* BBB@ J)((8Y9)8XHTDDP7=5 +?4]ZEHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@!*I:79W%FDRW%Q%.9)&D!2(QX+')'+'-7J* 
)= G6Y

\%S!-Y%U!D)

M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110

MS-'#&.KR


M9XH EHJ)IXTG$+':Q0N
]


-LQ,-P8C&1Z\T 2T57DO(8Y(U+9\P[<KR <9Y].G6GBX
MA8L!+&2H!;##@'IF@6BJ?\ :$7V=9@K'<X0(
%N6P#UZ=_I5L
&Z$'Z4 +1


ABTI(&!TP
Y/M_B* ):*J1:E;2^3M?B9-Z


U7FO8X8[EW#8MUW-COQG H LT5'
M'-')@*Z[B

9^91U^I% %RBH(;J.6U6XSLC89RQ'%0G5




M^I]:L4 5KUT2/_5+-+CY$(S^/L/6L*P$6GFZ9HGN4^T




A Y_IBK.EW%S=V^ZXMXH
MXR



2L0/G!!
M)W8 '@D?3ZU:6PM5A2(0@)'MV^HVX(Y_ 5+)!'*\3R(&:)MR$_PG!&?R)H
MS3%_IYE80)%!&4+F+EF()[]L#GWI][SS14R-&4Q*5VJF
].3D9.
\]!5B
M/3;..



M3D#@9.16J]K ]REPT8

;%( QV&3

M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *S'UZP280D


MD#:DZ





0=I)*\8V].M
M '9

NF

MFDNY+=QIS/M^T;7R&)!W#![9&.*;?:JK_9I8+N4SJML[$7&U-K. Q#[W4Y



M!2H8



MHS'YV5/






M/H

M



M/((_


M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1


2!U]U-4!=7@D^Q2
JW!.?


C;L
4G+9X(.


<?PAN@]JA6!9=5($ESF*(@L<CDGL2

MMD;3Y;9Y92)01N.7;GTJG+;W/E37!B)
LZ3M$A&\!-N .Q)V\CW/-;-% %&^

M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH




/
M7I55O$2KIWV]M
OA;^6)@W[KE,Y^_\ 3CKSTH VJ*ISWSPI;DV-RYF.JF/
M





=PD
M2



[-L.X#@



2W)Z


M(QNG]TH*\;3Z\G\.JHH Q8GA_LZ_CMH[P1-F+W2R DE2
#S/F.
?K^6CIW
M_(.M?^N*?R%.N[6*\@


MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***I:




 S++

M1FU%VE





&5E
M/*D'(-344 5(]

7=KJ5LL-S<1Q20N2L21E58,@#,64D+\_./;IR:T)[
M\VA<SI*QB@$C;-NUCG!QDY&/? P?R +1MK<W!N#!$9BFSS-@W;?3/7'M5?P


2

MR

M2!NSQN'4#/.

3%XR8P=C$Y)''!)YSZU1U*:Z_LZSE@FN

M22R!F9I6R2QZ8& ![5+68^LPQPQ2O!

K



M+L0+6Y 7_6
0N(_F*'/S9X92#C/J
M.76HC!+*UK<((X_,P
MP7)&2!\V..2<#OG% &G15/3M0CUR^UI')%'E@/
*G(!QD%201QUSS5'2M


;L@D'); X4\$@\=.E &]166NN0NR^7;W$


[^Q

*V** *D^


6\N4DLS9
\A

%KB


I=$B6

9


CE=ISU7.#U^M7J* 

[9X]21Z8YJ0:
M19B(Q!9@FX
H%Q(-A_V#N^48.

M:19PF

MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *

@=?KBLX6S$[8[XS$IR'?Y922

MVJ/4EGO!''%;29EMW!9L 1EEP
__ %LT\M/;W=S*\+.S0($\M2P+ OQG\1Z=
M: +=Q

M$EU&;:-602#$K]-BGJ![D?EU]







UO:865BS@.^T -UXY^E7%NDDLS.2T2G(R1D@@D=OI6=;


H!QGM6E=*\D)MHMP+K
K$X'7T'ZBJBZG)\TQB8QR%DB3
M(^\N0?S(_E3M,CELI'MIXW=I#O69<LI   4GM@ #WZ]2:@T^0-;K):RJ!)




MSP10!+#/(RS^9M&QOW;
K*.

]NI!


M/LL(\]2=T9&#^M5DO)1


13!D8P#D^II+<2-J<\C0


LKO
]3T %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11

MA
;'
]U).[
WSNJ@@9Q@;0!VK!OKS4+/3;\MJ=P9[.Y&3Y


@O@GNI/3'Y]JJWG]HPZ$+Y=6N-ZP(V/
M+BP6)Y)^3W &

MDU.[MWM[RXMHWBE$L 1

M5K11$P4MQN\L#D+V;K4MGJ

-P4;&6)7W/?@4 ;]



M$MGATR1\H_


M5/4=0OK6WU2U%VPN+. 7
4ZHF74@\



^5976*:%%7S8U .\Y( [CWQP* -VBLJ+78;B58K2VN;AVA2<;551L;
MH<L0#^%1V6LI=BP-S;7,$MS(_E#/RGD\E3C&
\'N
XXS0!LT5B1^*M+DEE1




KOX5N&QC)QQS[4R]UXP+

M2&ZCMG4E!]XK@CYNX88]R

M??Y?F;-OS;MN






%R1NQNYSCH


; 2
MN[UR.

M+DXP5^;&.1UQUH T:*R(_$FG27YM%E&_+ 
&4Y*YR




426KE]C0EBQ

M+*5+'(.3W';N
U+'INJ1W\UX-0L_





(9+F%)2-P1G 8CUQ0!F_V1=\_Z;#_ 
??VD?Z.?\

MQW)8+MX




2VT&6$VI:_P!WV:V-JJB%0K)Q]X'//RCT


MA\F;]SE77)(P

M.
Y/7BM:XBDFM)(EF
4CH5$J#E21U%344 80\/
(KE?M

MQ)Z#C/X^CGT*:1[J1[[
D\\
X B 5&CV]LY.=OK_ (G;HH P9MNY!= :A/
M/NH[@%K8DKLVX'WQG[B^G?UXF71&!
)N5-D9_M A

M4 8BZ)=KI$ME]NAWR3F;S/LYP






5IT4 9QTV5M8GO7G0PRVX@\H1$$ $G.[=ZL


1B\E'

H@:[%R-\


_




9P.*
MT:* 
BXT3SYKM_M)43RQSH G







M8K2WO+B&(PSV
ER(TSN4H%.
D\@[O08]ZUI=(LY9TF991)&C1JRSR+@-UZ-U






D6+ 8E@0,\=
M?4_UK,2XNM-N]5FC%N0+RW64




SI-!$L*QPJF#N

MFQB)PQ)#*

LDC.?IEB3BJ;:#I[1
MSH4G*SN))!]IE^9AT/WO8?D/04 0?VAJ+W.IK%% 18MA8E4LTN4#+SD 'D=C

\C'-:D.E6D$EPZ)(6N2#+O



M4 9


R9&



+9
MDU J&V*RF/
9; !)ST//';@]:U#IUJ7NG$6U[L!9F1BK. 
#D'(X]*A&BV(B

L'^H;HOF?[?3Y1QQ]

MC. 

M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%(.1D4 +1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44






MRI0Q@L23V;L/:K5 !1110 ASCCK7*W#2B61VDDL527?+F4M'&^#O.1S@J5('

[S%
DF3+94
PXR!^57=&T6
MZTZPCA6\,.ZW2(JA@L@&-ZD]/IC!Q4EOHHCNFE+.0JN%+N69F;JY[#Z#U)^

'F22.99;*V9I
_
25))S]:KQF[O)].N1&NYQ)M)N3GIS_!QT]ZU-
M(T^73SY;
KQI;00JXX+% 03CMVH33'B6RBBF(2!7!D& V3TP/SH CLVC.E





?8 YX[+4&BR3K-9V4

;






M=-BNH;-8KV99I4)'F*
;ESP2/7&

CD \]?F]C6EH2

M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44

9/LUK+\PASP<!3@DD_=!Q[UM:AI5IJ


MG\/Z8\+0F!Q&TWGE5F=?WG][@U;GL+:XN(+B6+=+!GRWR01GJ..H]C0!EZ7J

M 8?@Z[FDT66Q;BZL&

M@=B5(./;I0!RTMTCZEIE_IR@$Z=

]S




M%2#AU&2



MAE!CE

M ZRU;5+G2+N];[&/LQG4XC;YBGW3C=P.#D9_&F6FN7UW-#$RVP$^E_:\B-OE





7S

6





[R)):65JCK$$






M&_'W@6QM&.W7GTXH TZ*JS7JV_EB92K.I8\C:N

M$)89]-WYT :5%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111

M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %

TOE.]PA(3Y68'.Y1_#C\:ALM?3R;N6\DCE@MI%075K


M]: +E%4-5.I1V+/I?D27#.R=?

UN\)M$C!N2UNX?


EO]AF 




C(.1C/2M^B@#-T2UNK.UF2[6$.\\DH\
MJ0L

MW/.(3%*D:JRN2Q*@\D;0!G/8UHT44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 -=TC7=



M[*:YE*RO+N*F
ML_=-Z?CTH Z*F1R)+&LD;JZ


MPVX&/3MFL^T$3O;2R/\ 9X8MH2

M&&.VP2

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ZMUNHO)D 




-;R1
;KSB0QPWSMGK@G /8^XJ:ZOH(/


*Q+
MQY(4@;]N

Q!

MC .1@8IS3&WFTF&77?.BFN'7

MQE2Z

K0@

Y;))SW]ZTZ
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** *E]/)!)
3_ '2.G?[WMTJEIUG)+9PF2-5*VJQXDCY+8[@\X'/UR?:@]<23O9 6^!/

MRVV&-MI(X)9LG]/THO!(UY #&9+8([N N?F &!^.3Q[5352L4MV=.DD,FT

VS; ?][;CM




MQ
C<]6]CP,=Q^-/L9[A]T-W R2Q<&0#
MY)/]I?\ #M0!<HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 


@X)/


N=%GECO4AO4C^U3)



&^7YL#.




_E(

KD$$%NH([9X!QGBEDTF=O/

\8W=?;
MI0 ^WUF!_L_DV]VR7
[Q!V&-C@G(8



M(AEAC

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

MYV\9/? ]*?0 4444 %%9?B.5X=(9XV=6$T(S&2&P94! QZCBK4=VTQD2.WF1
ME7*M*FU6/IF@U17%7.J217\22,8UM_,E$;7*EPV%W#D$$+N( ZG''2MW1M0
M6[N+F-[Q)9%;QK*KY4 ?-PJ]VQ^% &Q16)-)Y9ED=K@1H22Q^T# 'T&*L:.


M&+9)!]N]:-[-=+HD4@E)FDFA 81F$X:51@@Y*\'% &O17+1ZM-+$'42@370M



Y#95?7!/4]@IH Z6BN1N


SLA(W;@HV@9X/_U^E/\

_FC*\

;-1)-F80M&03U8N6+;NH).#G':K&E6=TL
S7Y \]F9H  0
MGU'?%:M% '/ZCI)@BOG@MS=+


M7$


GKFKNHZ:LUS9M%'C-T9)G #''E2






DOE_




N/[N/N]L

M8YWBFC

M6'&#@?CQ0!HT45S&C&0^


MHH **** BBB@ HHHH SM6TE-5$ DNKB$0251%L^^.A.Y3TJ74=.BU&WCAG



\BS6P8*5( 8

M*74M*749K:5KNX@:V??'Y6S&[&




J3V_6F7/A:RNHI(YI[EA) D#?
H

A#D'IUS^'M6W10!GVVDQVVJSZ@+B=Y)

2YN9A<VXMY%<H 5
MP.B@YZ_G3DT"(6317%S'+9IY22JR[F3 &U@1@C@=JUJ* *$.EQPZM+J(N)V
MDEC$91BI4*.G;/KW[U1F\+V\OG[KZ\ FN!<L 8^''3'R=.GY5NT4 8I\-6K)
M=2XN7-Q
]-&@6ITEM
EFGFML ('89C Y






'';\#D5=H



MA B(('08*'&*V:* 

MHEI


M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110!#=76L!EDR0!@=22:C;4+=943?D

MCKZ]/05D0+Y




M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 1
MS0I
NUR^/]ERO\C5==





@&U3T)]![U8K
THW*Z


MA0@=R


MWK'\.VLMI8SQ36+VY
SLJ



X&00!

M

'%4$TZ6VO9I;&QFMHFC?


M'_Z!5C_X#I_A1_86C_\ 0*L?_ =/\*T** *MKIMA9R&2TLK:!R-I:*)5)'ID
M#VJU110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!0U4%XX(0X422KG*YX7YSWZ?+^M9J







DX _$D@!]%%,DECBF614#

M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11

MK:3Q76HRW$EI;1:K:0


MSG![YP?TJ6;4M1@^V;OLKTE0'-\Z
<^@JW)H6GR(ZO'*=X4,?M
M$F6\C)W9_\ U#T%+)H=A+Y^])S]H(


:XNUTS
M5M6NHX SM#:C:H W

MW;W]JO?V)8;Y7:)Y#-$(9!)


M;?
$I(GD#
XZ
6W9)&!U/84 51J5XT4Z&:TCF@NC TC1L0PV!AM0-DGY@
9[

MDSOQC(^;CCC X(P.PI?[$T_;$JPLGE9V%)74@'J

M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B


*QN[!0Q( P



M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!1U&.626T\J)GV2

M21X491B

CC
M-&!G.!GIF@FS.-8CC\R?9Y!.SR\QDY');^][5=HHH **** BBB@#/OF4W]
/0_C0T2[LUBLX6N[
7'EX\DX$N[\\^O:M[ &

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH




LUM(%CM1$PEG!4



C-@?*/<X%-&M:<TIC6Y5F640L54D*YZ D# YX


JLD3D

M9FE^5F4CR)
_+U.


RSQ-$/
8J!N&
Y /3-5+ZRUYT2V2.V%PCQLX
S;
(P;@[

MZB@#EM61(;J&UCDL[/,'EM'YXMU=2W
MW%RC!A] 
^]6;S3]0U%(]ACCMP(7CB:5EV

\UT%% &;IE
MK=V]]J$URL 2YE5T
;DGA0O((&/NYZGKCWJB^C7D\]]
_D0RO.MQ:RI(6*
J



M9XB&



M.-88$B5$144 +&,*/8#TJ2BB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB






GI6.NEW



] O8=P?K6GJ5E=W^ER17.PD1

%VUT;*2258D2)6D0*I PQZ]_7GCZF@!?



<@9Y]


 ?J337TIC&ZFZE(-P+CRPJ@$B0.!TSU '6I-*28)<R3PF%
MI9V8(6!(& .WKC- %^BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **R];U2?2Q:M%:QSK/


M?UH V:*H)J/D*#JIM+(L0(_])W!_Q8+S[8I_V^/^T_L8:$XA
K'SEW#G^YUQ

Z].#S2PW]G.H:&[@D!4ND

M3^(H EHK!M];O[G4KZRBL+4-9L@9I+ME#;N5Q^[-:OVZWCDBAN)X8;F0#$+2
MC

Q2[PHQGYL@8].
_6I8;NVN'=(+B*5XSAU1
MPQ4^^.E $U%%8\^L7
7B*+25LXF$L?FB4SD80'!^79UZ\9_$4 ;%%4M2U2TT


M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH P?%5I=7T%G#:VDTXCN
M4FD









FT_
M.6R021QC/&*ZFB@# T[3YU\3ZO=W-GBWN/*
+L4;)0 =
DCG!'':L4:-J96


M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 5[R:6*+$;YF.%!&1[D_A_2JB:J9L2PQ%H5 WX^\V-HQVZ


M');L?:KM !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444




M0&I0-

MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@


71_8UK_P ];[_P/G_^


2W(B\

];[_P/G_\

;N4/'3GOFI=4ABO;G%Q:R3+)!%\\


M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
(\_
5Z9QZ5+0 4444 %%%1SAS$1&0#
MZG/]* 'Y'K1TZUS*S-)@JI*2$70._P!


M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H



M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !16/KFF17LUI)'MAO%D/E7*K\RD*Q SU*YZC
MH:JVD\5UJ
MQ):6T6JVD#++Y@QM;L=V



M

M:-(V4QO_ 

K#(8'((]:=6(-3O61F4VXW6 N4S



[3C@CWJA=6;/J6B)=Z9811)
53RI/
P!&Y P47 R ?J!0!
MT]%8
&JWS?8_--N?
OI;27;&PSMWX9?F./N=#GK4



M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44

M &;)H6GR(ZO'*=X4



XPA()4?-P.!QTK4HH R;O0X3

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H

+[E*@'IT)Z\X



5=H **** F2,50E1N;'YQD^E/JI





MG&]


M!


M:5452Q50W)/K3J* &-&CE2Z*Q4Y4D9P?44^BB@ HHHH ***:SAH(;YC@84
MG\\=* '4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% &;X@5?[!U-\#=]CE&?;::KWLTUIIUA/;.B
M\MO%(2F2R%@







SAI&$ (;!SR 1D\=:F_LJP:V6WDL;1XP=^


M(A
PPT@0;B/0F@#GI+O6;;3WN9+RU9)'A
1#4X9PK=%08^88X)Z\\\-U:[
M=;JV-_
/L^HV\:R*$#%7\LX/RXX+'MVYSS6Z=)TUHFB;3[0QL_F%#NW][&
M.OO3AIMB#*196X
N/


W=T+H)=OSJ 2-K'H
M2.OK5B.*6-YG-Q)-OY6-]H5/8$+G\\UC#0G&ELIMX6O689WW
CH 'W?*2/EZ
M=E'- '045A/HCM?M+]GLVBY*G)#%=FWR2
8V9Y_]ESS55=%-KRM:6PN\;V
MTR(9&610



\!3:91@$Q[=I_=EBN?FZCGG'J
M=(\B(4#

%!.3TR16+%HEP;B)Y;:

=
X
M/OBK%9HBFW:=%)'AHAND*$E5PN.&P._;O]*TJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@



M0=Y07;YN2&+D8]



L6([\_


L

M[8[XSR95 8[?0=
9QZ4 =%163K45Y(+=;**5MAW%TF*X((P-R[LC/7./0YJ
MGY.JK/)Y$-XNX3J&DN%91D@H0QQW XR
^E &R+ZW*7+!G(MF*R@1L2#@'@8

@],J,CW%4=+M[FV@U,M9W^;('B2297=

M[8P7[7#

M;RW

R-_.4

MC[Q[*V



M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHI* %HI*-PYY''7VH 6BD'(R*6@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB


QZ4 4M#OD-E%%]HMIC';H5AM^748P<C/TK1^U_].]Q_P!\4ZRB:QMXGQO


M)Q0!R^E:WJ6H7=Y:&\TV*XM[AX4B
#%I O\ %_K

M:AVC6WD8[20

<] 1C&
'UJIK7A[4]2EU0Q_9$6]


MMA8W


M3O52YT*\NDOY7-NMQ/9BSC4.VT+DY8G;G//3';K3]/T2[M+[3;EG@/V:Q%I*
M Q/((Y7CG..^/QH TM:O);#2KBXMXO-G18T(SD@9_D?PJ73[R/4+[B^Y
M



MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *PM1UR2QO)0T


F6TOE$&R


M#6(E%J7;SEB+N#$N6DV+C().



M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444

M '545@R:I?IJYLW^SQI<6_F6F^)LE\@%6^;MGT'7VK=7.T;BV.2!@4 +
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!2U#2K34_+^UI(_E-N0+


MJ1+.W2XDN%B42R(L;GU49P


M]\ 9I++2;.PBFBM5E19R6?

M/PR=V2/8G%2)I5FDUO





CG#$D'
MTZ?6JNO2RQ:8QM]_FM)&J[#@\N


ME=23)

!YAX+19) Y()W^@QG%6M4
1Z'%O4

MU@#F2.
J
ZBN[?S
MK9Q(O(ZX((Z@^A]J )Z*RA.&*+'
[
YPH

M!R!^@H MT444 %%91NI[B/3)@BH)I VT2'G
;'!X_P XJY;7#S37*.BKY+A!
MALYRH;T]Z +-%8



M&4#+/V8DCH/RH TJ*SHKHYER^ 23LG.UD[%1Z\C/_ AVI=(G
EC;+)*C.8$.
M-^7)P

@T +1110
M45ESW



DUBJNX\


P-4+J['E7'EW3IBU62+<^6;=C^0H W:*@=M]KF!F?<
*\9!/UY







]ST]



8_#K5O4K'


Y!MI8TQD.^T9_#.?S% &

M $5A%-!9QQW,S3R@'=(V,GGVJQ5:^@G5V$BJ%D*9+#D@XX_&I9YE


?;B@+R6N+I)I5VQQ9
:'J6/&X_AD#ZG\([..YM9FMBBO: 9BD


AACK_\ JJ:@#/:U








G\35'49K@ZUID
MDVGW *W;+&VZ

MXGM8XHYHW**A8L



M?LT/V?&/*V#9CTQTH PXS=(@NI9[=H].FDBW3


G)210P_(T 84$%Q-X8D$+PQ@F8*94R##O; !SP-N
'GCM
M5J7S7T^WU7[+)%;A_(E *@$ X;N#QC(-:$UE9SR1O-:P221?ZMGC!*?3/2

@++]#U% &?J33PPG5()662*$9M74$-WVC^(

G-  ;N(7RV9W^<T9E'RG&T'!YZ=ZL4W8N_?@;L8




 V]VW$LQ/.


:XCYX//4Y/\S0!GV)+1:2S

M36;-]AN&+

_2M7

M(L8QN)X^IH F('4@5GZM
(;1KF!1).D3M%S\H&
ECV[?T[U;^S6_3R8_^^!2

M+61XD+H\
J2\_=&QB&_ C'_ JO-9VSVWV=X(VA_N


M*/J2I&[%_
@Y/I5BY63SQY1!
MN9/E5B
B)
U(]C;23F9X5:1@ 6/.0.G\
MZ ([9

MM88)))(8PC2 !MO ..G%34 4[2-(KRXCC4(BI&%51@ 8-6R P(8 @\$'O4-O





D



#POWN0
M 
\C^(5?DLX)&5F4[E8N&#$'-V5LLJ2QQA'48!0D9'OCKU[T 960DUNZD$

0[8MH/0*,Y_$L2/;%77M(9)C*ZD
MLRA2,\$ DC(_$TIM83=YV8F[=P)&1Z'U_&@23=Y;;/O8./K56RCCETN*(
M@[3&%89((.


CTKIZB:WC:ZCN2#YL:
BG/0
0

MLUKRQ)
FR094]1G@^Q]J5D5D*

X[$UEA76T


&G6@A\LQ!E P-Q)
M*@=
'M0!8C01H$!) ]22?S/-/IL:.-47.%&!DDG\S3J BBB@ HHHH *QM5
MN9(-1MAYJ*@#ON\HMY8VXR?F]S^1K9JI/;O]IBFB4
P)W;CCM@?A0!7C9I+R




M?KVH =IS





M6VMC;6
=LDK

M









/DV9SM]??/KV[58-KOOX[IG8%(RFP
M




 H!_\=%
M[63R[L7
M*Q
;B0DH




#U


L;A5

M&T=/FR

;R-)9#M*L0-Y.2%'X')/Y5-=L&F^4 X&?D/\ 
YIM



MHI:-0


M2N.!@?PT 
6=/[*
GVD7'E ^8ZN5.X=1QSGVK-CEW^'3M8+NMG+@ MO/EY.X
MD9#9Y]Q6Q;6@BLXH9 I




M(=1@E7_51ALEI&)R1C&#_C0!4O%4W\C2






MM[PW$\B1P.$B8H[L0



ZR)


C.

M.??CUJ6[ADDUV83&'9!($..P:,MG/8]/PS0!?6\1I8H]C@RJ64G&,#'/7W'
MYU%?:I#90O(PW!!V8#)]!SUJKI\@;4G\Y@NUEJ&!&^

MS8_TE5








1%8C(#-CBJ]EJ$5S;V[NR1R3KD1[\G.,X_*F7/FG4
M D. [0$!CT7YAS[U4\F6UU+3[;*M;1N1<_

MN#SN RV



JTC

MCRD

-N3%$R 

7&/)4-N)!4MSQQP#4N
MFW1OM-M;LIL


I-&DB^2YP
MPR

M6R





M[\5!#JVJNMI\UBXNKF2%)EC?;M 8JP&[Y@=I/4?CUH Z

C[/]K@C?UYZ=*T=
M





!GZ  ?A0

.:+<S?

M7.L75I+=P/%'+



JL2K%P0
-Q\IS[5OT
M %%-=@B


M8]R[P-Q7/./7'X5S^H:EJP:CLD




M
V75LB_*%V+\ZJ..
G([CZ4 =-17/6$R00VEEI*6L)NEEG$GEY0A6 SA2
DY

MS)+FY3Q%;V_F+]FEMI'V;.0RE1DG/^U[4R]OIUU+3XX& @DN&BD.

M 0/QX[&@#6JG?:9:Z@\37(E)A.YDSQ[3Z_*1S[^]027D[:M:1QDUD\P'CE


M^8Y?#

DL0C.5Z[.!E??GJ.34-S
MJMWI

FH3Z7-)%=RM=DVYG3Y55MP8*5&
#!

M?()





LQR $B&6)/


M9X SCIQ4MII]M923R6ZNK3MODW2



XDDA40F-2<X+9

RM%








M+5BT$9C9I/
8J[9=L8RW/S?CFLDZ

0Z?)NQC

K?.




M'#-CR6D:-/-X)XRPQT_BQVK0T^^@U*SCNK9MT;YQ[$'!''O0!7N-$L+F2=Y8

=3B@!6L TEM88OLMLPD
MC9G+ON ([CWSG))K0K*&NP?NE:VNDEEF: 1% 2'49P25''(Y_D:%UBUFEMX

M2PP 04P2.N?F(Z]J +LFE64EO#!Y)1(/]5Y;LA3Z%2*FCM88O+$89%C4JJJ
MYX/J
X)]SS^=3
=JDG. 
P)'X4



M4#P






M;&V C'&[&



6I6DM
MY:^5#/Y+;E;)!((!Z$ @X/U%-_M:R\B:8S%4@?9(&C8
&.
#:1DDY&
#G(Q3

M
?T_%;/0[NS



MXW 964Y!![T2B0Q
(F59/E9EW 'W&1G\Q0 VVB:VCB=][(H4MC&?PK
U#1
MY[RYO9%NXXTNK3[+M
)8J/FYSN&?O-V]/QGT.ZNKS3([F\:$O)D@11E0!TQR


IY].O+BZL)WO(=UK(9& @.'RI4@?-QP3USS^

M1T(^JF@#4K(DT9WEN$%UBSN9!+)8\MNR0&SP#CD8/?!%

M!A@CB@=B#G@
PR

MYS]WCYNAZ9Q0 ^TLGMHIV\U6N;AM\DH3 +8 &%SP  .
U4U/0Q?0QQ13^2%C

'\+LNK64


MP =K9XR 


M$4*
S



\
M]KI=S:W+2Q7J 3*OGKY/WF50NY?F^7@#@[AQ4JRWTL[1E%CB9GR!#E1M&T\


M7RL



MFLY4

DDD84?7% %
M6;19)'E=+SRW^TBYA/EY\MMNT@\_

MD8/X/DU0C5+5HIA)836LDN$C+




S%[\S@Q6
MC


M@0:+




LA1YLQ/L9#;R!]V
M


ZA6X896(R .?H.M &4=.U,,=S03DV1MS
M))*0S/ZG]/?]*BN=)U6YAAADD@$<2PE5$S!0R







M7K6AI^I23Q(]_##9-



MS6V@


M\J[HU$@)=?4#N* *



MM XB43E


=C




MDALXUF(:8C=(1T+GDX]LFE-W;Z%J;B(7!&X1%QOQZXZU6L]09HKR2^,,V\
M[1[M^%@ @DG'K0!6U;2[C4E$3QVK?/N2Y)(D@YRHQR?Q'XU7O-*U&8ZEY:
MVN+FYAFC+3

!-G!^3OL'Y^W.RU]9I:BZ:Z@6W/28R (?QZ5%#K&F7$JQ0:C
M:2R


D#06T4XEF6$[YBFUF(]%.1SS_6@#
N])U2XCU)0EFOVRTC@!\]

M?3[4W%Y(D2# )+=SV&:I:MK
=G:1RVTMM+)(T953)RR

MC


'IGDY]JU+?6+*


MZ6WEW%F;92\K @G.20%/]X]^WOQ(+&^.I:9.R6PCM8'CDQ*Q.6V]/EY VCKC



#(4PY


MRS


M\Y[F*9T\U@JJ@P #MY)YYP.U:\EY:Q211R7





MVTRQ+!-.^ S+ 2BDXW$$CC/ID\'B@##U&QU9]4'V)YWGT]+=)5:
!W^;=C
M+9 ^8?\ ?)]LRW%MJ







M9SRK).L\;I=$(A 7ADW#D$=0#GBMX




YW  KP
M8[TGV74#+)





JRO'ND(8$@;6(' [D=:HZA8ZE)%?PI8B5KBXBN(Y?-4 !2F4.3D$;3T
M&







'9(5W
L:[FQ]/Z

9(8L.A4'T
M^F2LFF




;:Z:




M
EECA3?+(L:Y W

7$4G&.2?E)RV5X
/8UUU% '+QJ=09X--O[F2&6U
M8R2X<M#



%+9(R!CH?SJ/Q%<+#<:5&UZUNLUUL=%DV;TVG//7@[1P




I!R#Z?G26UJ86DGEN)


NN20/*9O
+%2L[$H!G :
_=[C


MMA;13Q9NFE/5MQ+9XZ#(!(KMJ* .
U34%@36X;?5Y5$5I$\ \\%E/S @$\\_


MB5$?19B[.JJR



''-+10!SU]=0K?S
M7=M(DMQ8NIECC(9_+(PXQUXX./5121M;2ZU+9S7:I=SV^76.;;(K$DX!!SD+
MC\!714R52\;(LC1L1@.N
K[C((_
4 9&AB:7;]H

KH%




M61R$#9+


C;Y]P;!R/EZ9'TS1X=F2
M[U3^T))72 ^8C7I;S9#CYQ&&^48SP0




.@.\%L^^.W'2NCHH Y#1]2WOI#-J3/


MTHH XR*^N=2%F6U=+/?:0O$Y5B)).=X&'4



_@*V** 


G.3CG^[QV-% $5OY9MX








'C';I6M110 4444 %%%% !



 )=R [\=-WK^- &#+?ZBEVEF+KY%OA;&?RUWNIBW^FT$=#Q23WVH6Y

L&6%6L;8K!S$#$N(_]WCCH.GI2



M$XX('&:V:RH[?;]KA6Q*QR
%125GCYN

97(/J#GC'XU9TZ*:SC-K)'NBC!*3 \ODY



NP\L6W'G
MGK5

9K26


MK3





GYM^SG ZD9XJ2WN)HG@5RK_:IWS\^3'PQV
MX]MH!]\U%/97+W=RRPQE)+B%U=GPV%V9P






M=R

]2

M1WH SI;Z5&@C
LI6.;RBZ@9)
6.U62218RH^<LF<_0 ]_3G

A))R
\ \GC


?+VN9I&597.0N\\=.WI6M
X


T5ZZK(ZHIM^%Q_%(0WOR!
M5F6*YM[P36B))%+@31EMI! P''X8!'L/QAO;662X

M4 
M;J3[5;CSS/YB/NC#IE3D8]#P
YZT3WDZZQ]G4Q(QB^7
IQRW!QMQG@\5






AYU-LJ/Y;<2L./E]!]?TH 2QU&*[LX)BR(TH'R!LX)
M[5+J%U]BT^XNMA?R8V?:#C=@9Q63HCSVUC9K#:O);O$H;:5&P],@$],=?ZY-
M:&I#[1&MDG+3$;_]E,\D_7&![F@W$_F1(_3<H-0F['VAXE3=M7(PP!<CJ #



B;S&\MQ&'*HP5CO []/7/\ZCL;11!(?.1UF\Q#:
 8ZY/6J





)\QR3GMC(]:IVQW&

T*EA\@ ))4CC\S3+2Z:ZCCE$#I%(@
M=68COR. :+I(Q#*[NRY4_P#+0@=/K4&EVZ-IE@Y,F5A1A^\;&=OIG% $IU$




M=54)$Q^95XQDT /M[XR -+&(T=MD?S;F)R1R

MA:216]N^^-HTD'S
 K#!8')[CI3X+AX-
T_R[B&+S)PA\Q2V\$GY1CH3ZT ;



M^8H UEE!E:

+^F?P



MPM!/)'M)108U9P^0/RY(Y]Z=;;'N;X0 C 5,#*X.#Q^H_.JPM_ENUG:.%4


MB\AIB66-


?RPJXVD[E<,.#@CCWJ
MZ2X-Y-LCF

MX?/WB 2WY8_G4MK=K/$A8*DQC#M$&R5K'L?+N!;0&9&(FG)13\R_
W)J[!*_
MV^4S2(YCLT

@#
I

EA8VL




MWC$4




$F5Q(HPN 3R5^@_







G=G&

VZ


MZ?I3M


L



-R
MJRF/&0


9)[









M JXV_PT3[$F@#0_L^R$;(+2 *5VD! .*L,B,H4J 00/ITK+UN5X?#US)&Y
M;




MA&)&.@[#TJ&TU%I7A6X2.$S1+(@W\DGM@@4Z^O9(&CC1-K
VYF?&!&O+'J.W



KDP[

M+\K'$?+9'
BHZE2V
XR
COS0 TV#@ML\C^!E)C'WAPQ/U7 _.B:QFEM;FW\Q

'_  %
GM;J?3?(ED1YA(IW

1
M
I) SN)!]/8U+=V0FL)($.7\EHXRYZ$J1G_Z]


N^U3O?9@G'.
'BI9[PQ6*R*\
D[
(UVGY3(3C'Y_RH


MTL*E8?







M%E6.

MJ0V.XY_3K]:B;4+@64;BV8RNR(&!4J22 2
-]?RH GO;(7DD0?/E@
&VN5/.




,YQ
M_
<U)

M'/3')S34U-GF2


+M$CSQR

MO-02$0F
E_



M[T --O

IR0K X^[WQ5JWN

MD;DF-R26]_E':J2Z7

$[@P'/?[U6;:]DGEVB ;?WF6#]-K;1
MQCO@_E3+S46BLII88P9$C+@


S;7W *.^2!VJ&WO)##

!N59

MT4D:01

?
$)

$ CWH J(&BNGB:*1UD0LK


\XYR1D5K:DMM%8

J#R


1
M$4@E!D'%4[GRWCN]V!(9AP02!MY([\#]*U/-C$@C\Q?,(R%SR?PI1(AD,88
M%U )7/(!S@_H?RH I0$ZC






MV.7(89YVXSZ'BM88P
8QVQ2!E+

: 
F]

M4D)


;-N#C

M6%7XY$E0/&ZNIZ%3D4Z@#G(@BV%F 9$B:&/SW5F BP!G..Y''M6AJD277V5V

Y]AG\_:M%'C9G1&4LAPRCL3SS^=*P4K\P&!ZT 8Q;R+N*XF:
M1K&
E0:F<W^J8\T[]/C[$+ \R]2 <5OK(CGNK'



M3UH R-

YP
#L!@]UQ@
MCT[&HRD)TK'FD/N^XLI'&_TS6RLB

[
@#-B6*697D&8MT)#L=Q/4J<^[;:M:@[I+'-)6AA<;%
M# %G)V@X_'CWY[EBTF)?+61W=(UC@
0#L'&0.#S@_A5J2 RRJTA&Q#N10.
M #M(YTJ
MV;! =-^#Z'G^M9LB1O%=LPC2.67S5)7[R(0I4?7:/KNK56T\M)EAD95D;.WL


MR

NT!

-^N/RJQ


MS6M&C&!@H*
6.1*?


M@$K@1A6R-H'S'..

'MS2-;W'VR299HPK(J







8&* *ES*\MK\^/EO8U&!V$JU


M8Y8 $8^@% &4T1N);-]S@&ZD0 RR'&T2#/WO;M4RJK:7=EI/*
CO$\C2L0 &

-Q8ESDDDDD_F: 
6W
@_7ZU(NG


MX
B 1*-J2


MI'7CM[54EE(5V\O($HB+83.2P7.


M@L


L
M2W+D.?D+ 9C!'('ZX]*KOIDL




Y'][\?3TK)



M?IP*IVL




MXJX8C!/&#0!G6VHWDLC
9XTBV[/GAR0ZE@2 &Y[?E6G=W






8'N#S]
4 6*R9-0F6X*@@X$P5%'WF4H%'_CU:U8
YE-

?P]R!0!IV

$KT SSM ZU2UQ<W-NGSN\DP.X(I
M&.222(\#\?UH U;&:2X5Y'P%W%0NW!XZG.3FK54=.LI+1) TS'<Q(7Y=J\\'
M@#FI[1[AHV%U&J.K%05/#CLP';Z4 3$X&:R#J%T;0W7D3WSYP8;-WE;=V
;




MV[98Y&.1W&W'\Z8MU

\]/Z9_G3+V*62ZM+F.3RE175OD)?YM

B(05SP

T




MZ \GU%9D=IJ3V:F)W0FU38#( ?
V\YR#WQZ5:B$C0Z@(?M )E54P
-C8@.-V



M.:I+;*+.W;[.2RF-L,@Y!!Z[:T=0AEN(XXHE3;O5V=C]W:P;@=\X]J ,ZXU
M*\2&5XVB8*LI#/(.T9'\72MQ3E03Z5CW%G'-.A\E&5@^\M;-U..HSS5ZY:6
M:W\F 



M/\AMO;RVTUA \;%(4*B5/F!.W^+^[T/J*FNK



=Z -J.02*64

M3]!3JS]?N+BTT.\N;618YHHRZLR[NGM4


JQB1Q&F?XF/0IZR/$N?[,CVD!OM4&1G'[U:H3ZGJ
M$4DUG'




ME0
$G23PQI^QE;$04X.<$=15&&Y
MN+=GC-]



M_?F@#4HKGHM1O9!#=K.?GO&MGMBX4;RH/3=N  8\XQGBF:9?WS/IK7-WYWV
MFXN('41JJX0R$$=\_(!UZ'UYH WI[JWDACFE5'F;9&IZL?:IJR];!/V *^P
M_:U^;'3Y6K-EU+44;[%'.KN;PVZ7
A6



.]9-E?WDW]FSFY9

M9HKG=1O-0BFU-DO51+0121HL2\@YRK$YR#CM@T74FI^;J5O;W\IDMDBG0K''



MS//)I+2^M[WS/L[
3&0&#(R'GD'! R#Z]*P]4W/;^(2LIC862
3&0?X'..1T
M/3U^E;FGHT=CKS/,=@^=PN3^0 _2@S17

M+M_BQS@DYSU%:NC7
D\

;%!'<1[4C!).\%.5/!
F<YR


0 !DD]JYZ6XOHM:$#:C(+2212) B$






H















@







M*%K2 Q0G=&AC&U#Z@8XK*_M34O



\ @Y

M+&XCT)ZXJ%-(TR
QF/3K1#&V]LC:W'(XX/ Y]A63!X@N5MK:[NHHC#/92W



M^(#KUYH T6TK3G


M'&









M]\ XP



M7!RV2/*^X



?\ =()P:L?8[?[$;


Y^9


2VAM85F\F26(&XR<*0/G 'RYSD8S0!830[!(;6)8Y1':-O
MA47$GR'_ +ZY_'U/J:0:%IXCV*0?O3



MQUH 672[29H'=)/

#(&1V

MIE282/)YI;[1)RV

M'&1TYZFH?$5T]QH.H6T

M/'$RERQPLK@*6SDJ

SD*



M

FQW5I!+B65Y


MO
;;2-P!)'3!QW'O@ M_V)8$Y




3:5MVRBLJ'S7S&&X(7GY1]
8[5737WEOO(

.T321J_#KG/)4+MR
9W?A4FG:TU[+9AK7RH[R!IHF\S)&W;D$8X^\

7







ML90AC97:-T/.UE)!'YB@!UE UO;B-W9B3\SL^!Z;FY/U-6*** BBB@ HHH
MH *J3V$

M


DL;2!A&Q4 $#DXQW_#OU%4XM6-

?O*0W;CCJ: )/[!A\R:0W5SYLD_VA7^3
3[=N


SS#

'R;AKD9\OEVSG/R=.6_[Z/M

%SL8J&/0%L

6A<LZ,JE1U*L1AL9'3-']L67D+,&E*-]W$$A+C .5&W)&#U'% $Z#!OM



A$T/DR(
M&PK $D'UR







ME6UPJ1E4Q@

]SP21[5

K8


MW4AFB\GS6*;UC/51\N.?4@GWZ4V7P_!

1S@

M_:.)1?CRYV:3Y8XV(!C@GKC@#D]ZT* 
Z+2(X+@RP7-S$' $B!PPD(& 22




/*.&P
MK'ASQP5P0

%1GCFM-]+-U]G


MAQ1Z?:V8N;@I:N&B9MA(P




M6^S;G!PV







M

.F[/

M8VD@=LU%'KVFR[/*N#('5F0I$[!]IP0I ^8^PY]J +EJDL=NB3RF60=7.
GG
X93\I8Y.$/][I[5L5]W;1W6\EQ$D\GW(V<!F^@ZF@#






D]!0!FG1 -8GNC:6-RD[B



ZDS
.$V]?D/)V#UZGTYZ(9P
@ ]\5
M ]_9I:K=/=P+;MTE

WHN1ND9

NHB]
$$=I
M$#[^-I4


8DMYHY8ST:-@P/XB@#!M]*U2
66Y+

GJ

#'L30!1DTF\E2\MV\@6^H
))CYA+1-M4








M

%36DS!5+



MJOD\*2
8XQQUS0!1&GZGCF.TS]N^T_ZYON^GW.M(FDZBKV
7F6HALKDRI(=Q

&!

M:W;B[MK79]IN(H=YVKYCA=Q]!GK6?J.JNFIQ:;9S6BW3Q-(//;@D$83 .03D
V0P
M_@#









MRG8



0!4Y (W..X/Y4




MK





M0T:LH

M2T 4-;T\ZII



MO52 0

K


M:W4 $S.81\PR 
?*#D'!X].3V986-[!H&DPM:
L]I*ADC+IT ()!!QWSZUNR


M!(RX RVSY2??TQFKT

FW)!^O&?QZB@#GTT^[$\\(C
MF-G(K':[IE69P?W;#YL=20WH








.L6IR7)

M?43YRP

'\11:0PP*R13Y3M9IS
?^!-R1SZT 9^M03)J&G:E%$\\=HSB2)!

M6.VNKJYMK::WTXPIB$6[*?

MI).T'' J+6)XM5TZ:&.QN)E39(?-M77HXX4



E0N
M1P#C(].+=S#'+=_9([2X



M

S* V5.#E2!^![_ (4Z@#G-8MX9]4NO.M;B=38LH'E2
M/&6SD #!7/3IS4





F@#E=/LU@L--2]TV1K);=DGA%L6/G?+\Y0#)Z
-V/?WKHM

M
P.(+B&?S+I=.M[J(RV<#
1REV#D
MN,L,%]A Y^E=?10!D^'[.TMY?LS77ER



M]LMQ:2B6%B0''0X)!_4&A;NV:=X%GB:9!EHU8%E'N.M $6E6ZVNGQ0QO.Z+G
M:9P V

M@Y1B
#J.A[GWK4UZW-WH5_ D7FN\#A$QG+8.



G'/N

ZT[RG5XUB,N)5VL5 )/ (SCC-9UC8$:
MS8)?VTTVVUD7=+&\B(?
#1@DY4

*K.6P/3))- ''P6$EU9
MZ=#?I?Q6HLTB CMMS1S D-D



.



MCTZQCC*1V5NJ


MUP* 
7^T;QO]+29N+W[*UGM7&W?MSG&[=CYNN

M+?7'6@#

M
J@



$$?0]1S5F!/LP+7
T;33

@=


MWV''7_:Z^W&.VV^G6




M-R/J%UHL%S-JDX=KY86$21JN!/MR/E)Z#N2/7-;^K7C6.DR7
9WE0HWD9 !(

8SP/RJPRJRE6 *D8((X(H YK4




=/ZBGVVHW4[06

M(99.7=(PQ]\=: *UCE-4U&-?]7N1^O 8KS_ !_'WK'\1W
MS9ZW%]I
*6D

G P1R#UZ5O6R0VF]&F1IWS+*Q(#-T&['H
 ?@*?):6ETZ

B




$BF)5
MC3]V6P&/S%@1UZ=NM9]I=Z@D-O9V]XSS7
]S^\FD1NR0@*#Y;#)Y..QQBN


NGW2SEQ?2M$]NR

M;NYO;O0KB:\=/.M'DD10H5F!0=QWW?X8K931M+C8

0DF




M?CVK:_LRT%V]T(V663&_;(P5B.A*@X)]\9J/0-.B$(2.;$,C21@W,A 9NIY
M;G//!]3ZF@#.DOIKVTU&TNS:SH+(RAH8VV9^88RV0V,#YACZE$

@   C




M9%G8Z2
C#/494@X/ITJ





#
:_*WYCTJX

  2M@#T



0LT$CEV5Y78[LYR3D'//'?F@@-2U@36-O-:P6TES+)

MW+

TCZ3920R
M121
ZR




MU18[BV


GYON\
./;M6E+=:H)9[6'[*TZ6RRQN4;#MD@@K

M]

MMA&&T;UQUVAVQSGO4HTZT%I+:^0I@E+%T;)#%CD]?\BGVMI%:1^7#OQZR2
Y
M^F6).* 
FVOFCL9+W:AN+F\: %NB@2F-0?8 9QZGWJ.^BO/[3TAKC[(;H7$J
MQRHA VF%NH)R/IGG Y]-'^S(S]I@E5)+.=O
\L\%')!.

;M0S')(P2#QZ'\?:KD6A:?$BJD4F$+D9GD)^?[PR
M6Y!QDCIGGK39/#^FR($:*7:(?(P+B0#9_=X;G/?UH A-[J8N+*#=:9NT=Q)Y
M;?N\*#C;NYZ]<CZJHUW4;A4AL[-9+I0YEP%*G8Y3C<ZX!(Z\X]#5N\TEYKO
M3UB4?9+964DW


MCU#5)9KT+;0HUM$KBWY9W+(3MW9 !R .A%-BUJ26..2)KJ:?R








T 4)-8N522[40M:17(MGCVGS
M


MQ(L)=VV3Y 4QTR=Y+9Q_=&*GU'4);.]A0[8K=QS*\3
I;.-NX'Y/7)!STXJQ

X.'8MD9[+T]^+HN]

M]\8SWJ=]/MI+);.2
.9'A9Q
06+2

M

U3





MLX['&-W8GVK0N-%L+DN9(I
O*)F*3.GSC&#P1CH/Q&:0Z'I[&4F*0F643
QF
M?(?&-RG/RG''&.


$ 


+C).:E&O*EDCPV#K/+-*GD8)P58ABWEJQZ^@/7KWJ=-!C3RL7UV?+N


M^;&'\R-77TW

MR


XMCD@

ZPK)

J/6'=X
M)#:@6EQ*8HI?




M5=I&'..G  'Z4^^L8[U8]SO')$^^.6


K
M&
U %:VUU[A
M86-B0+BT:YB59 6;&

'/Y4MMJIEM;1-.LHRS6J3F$R;!'&1P!A3D\










M!N94MQ):VD@CN)/
PRG )(7'( 89Y'?K4



_W





2FU
MNS#9N4ED$8P #P

^_:HY
M-#N9++5+9KZ+_B8/NW?9SE

M

M6[8MC\N




CQ20[]I/7:0PQGKSGDTDVE2


\?3'OTI-7

M&58;F*Z:W
K/86A&#ACR1@D'&,GVJP;_GC

]
M*B.C3C+1WRK));BWG)AR' S@J


M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444

\9J

MOVS4

M]^?N[=O'X[OTI\(V2A6FDD8IG#8QCUX JC





])#*HA X5V!=NF0-QRN
M.GK^% %QM5MENY(?-C(1%;*N226R





M 69+YDG6
6[D&-W)R.-I''ZU);W#S*K-;O'F

['Y+A(







M*X(SZ@]*H7

$*V=T\2&-#B5B


M ((=;BEEND
3CR)1&


I!^]RP\WS'

0#^(&:BTW#6TU

LLGE0L/O





M+B29OM%P0$+8(3#
ON#A0?4&@#:9@BEF(@9)/857L[S[2#OC,3')16ZLG9O
M_K=J@U!$M[!6D,DRQE%VN^,DL!DGOUJ*X@ANKB*8;]Q8!DN6RG'48QS[T 7

)_F///0K0!O2RK%M!!+









M;3OC4;


&0( Q'UIT=
MO!%$T

M6PMWA1H0

M


M([ @'8#D8Z9R*GL97^R1;H'1%B4AL@YX]!0!
UK;M(TC0H78 
Q7E@.@/K2R
M6\$KQO+#&[Q'*

'#?WCSSZ8]
\\\.^T3S:?

1%AQY:8D.YQC[Q

C  =?\ 9_6@#26V
M@10JPQA0
 !1P*%MX5$@6- )/OX&-W&/Y52BN[AC;
S)MDN9(B O9=^/_016
M9.LG]KS1_:)AF[B^8*./D'?;C]: .B:-&C
;*I0C&TC(Q35MX4MA;I&JPA=@




?4^

^E #UMX4C6-(D6

^U7DW*@!4C '?H=Q
MX]J2YNYH=%O=0BF+E(':-70  J#SQZXH TY$25-LBJZY!PPR


CG%6-6F*36

Q8X[DG)-*$
M17+  

3@98\] ?3!Z59U6YDAU&V!D15 =]WE


0.1&@(]%%(L$*OO$:
M[_[V



M.;=27SU.WKUH U/*B\CR?+7RMNW9CC'3&/2E

3:1%')($

ME\U

M3R%BV&*1B9/[PV[5ZCKD_E0!)/8DW



T 2


]O\ &@ 6P4:@;@[I



MH KPZ?(GD;IL^5.\V O!W;^/_'J9-I8D21PL2S.ZL!L#*


C#((H I0V4D%U;[ IA@@:

6^9

CK]:F:];SVD4*;.
;7D&2=WJ/8
M=S[^QJ6ZN?+M5FA*N&=%!SD?


0.@H


_H.E
ET\S2*U?RI8CNCD(W8;G)/KG)S]:C_M
M&3SY%^RR[5PH!* [^3C.[!XQ3[K4!!=0Q;9/FW;@(F8GYX(&/3UH 6XAN9[







T $=D&N;B2X16!G$D6#_P!
PO/ZTR.P:+48Y(UC2WC6


MP1J94WMM)8H0!QUZFJQU5#!;2!6C
UD$MGY*AD@;<S
M.Y+G
 


TUNYN(IXU5G!);+?[.!^%

MM$V


#^.*J1:E(UA'=&$2+

MPKG)YP
4@O7BA'GF!I57Y@DF





MY+

[(KJ67&X \CTS




L6YD

M
KMW9&WKGM0!F:S 9X(?
R(HYHC@'!9MZC]

ME)^N *U%99$5T8





D_.!T&Q

3.
K&6&YA[#J: 





VT8/J+(DYE:W.S#D
3QGWXJ'3O*@F
MU8W#[HX[H$O+SC

M2[I'5%Z98X%*[(BEY&557DLQP!0!7O(Y;A?)08C/^L).-P_NC^I_R
S3([R.


T-N@0%



YC*XSGWI]\LKPVBPHCR%& 5V



QPD9^13@$?H*C;2+)V

-@9^7ZDM_6K
^

;D L#G QGI@YQUYJU)HEA+Y^^.7$^T2 7$@!V].C
Q'S

:Y=K/6]6N;:*(RK812$

M4E




MIJO+H\WVL^4

$.'*$KNQUQGI[
M9KF;%KR6YTBZ
D#7DVF2


P:]J-W'!_9UB)9C:Q7$B_+@[\_+DNN

#USSSGC).<


\5KI=I$D2Q2P.










MB





KW
0

M[OWOF^E:


M+#
F5P&Z8;..M);:M?2?8/
^S'SKJ:VEHPSLWX(^8X^YSG/6M1]-M7O/M1C
M(F( 8J[*'QTW '#?B#43:)IS21K8
PE




Q%:
M<6EV45O- MNI2?\ UN_+&3C'S$Y)_&D32K1+<0JLNU?NL9W+KP1PV=PZGOWH
M K0ZK-+?V\4:P2P36;7O&Q)9@5&!GH/F_\ U5FQZ[J+6MQ=(]C
D%H;AXTC



&ZY(7^6*B/AFV-K)!]JN@LD MV*[!
ME 20

M/[U1CWX)ZU8MM


8
M&#GIGKS4BZ+;KI[V?FSE&E
P??\ 


<T;
(R
MN
_M3+);2

09E
M/48VG##TYZCUJT=$MU
1MI9[8I&(6
;#

M]?\ Z] %J[EEA@+P1+*X(X:0(H'J3V ^AK





MJ  !V H H76HS0:BUHELC_Z*\Z.92

M]Z #2=1GU*-Y6M5@B5F3#2[GW*Q4@@#';KDT:O=W=K]E%G'$[33B-O

M*?2I-

5*VMQP6OG-;);;[IH6\Z0(JD9R
MS
 0





MK%

MAFM98);NZDWQ&$2




+7






MJ0;WX;.

D8B:167
JCD!@5


Q:G








MFDFTJ7[5)/:W?E--$L4_F)O+@9P1R
-\Q]1[4 -G\06D1N-L=Q*MO$LSNB?+






GG)ZT 0:]JF_3KA;%Y\QA

A
MAN()DAE?9@(S8VGD@D'


M8$U^9M%NI[759)TBV?






8#']
M./6Y::?-9W


^]






'W;OO
M9Z;CG&







UO



]FKQQ7MFT5S 3N4?
MO49P

I
@

M R203SZ X[TVUL+F'5[J]DNHGCG54\M82I4*6V_-N.?O'/'/M46IZ/)J$[.;



CD2'=#E=


26\.R14A!DP9
J#WQSST%:58.HZ



(-(2X\AM2M VTDGSEP





]#U'UK6K(M%NCX@N+F2QFBAFMXD#LT9PREB00&)_BQ^!K
M0OH9+FQN((I/*DDC9%?^Z2
 T 
&HV31S2)=P
D&?-*R A

M.V%WOMFMY5#(L9.Z

#!



\@* HI4C^(@]2#QZ



0D&\#UQUJQ7-W=I?RZE#
;#?





JG!RI&W&
M'&@W






M9@EN-
EC@3S)

ENWO0!NF


ZQQH-S

M:WBB$Y9





M64]L GKSFM&*^M)UD:&ZAD6(XD*2 A#[^E8U_IDYO4M[&U:&V%A-;+
C*%C9
M]N.

N


A





MX+6(16T


^V.U


M(PI)8MR#]

M#/*C.


Y[@47NDH_AZ?2[-4A5H3
M&@ P 3]/4]?K5&_EFU/17TQ+.XBNIHQ&XDB8)'TR=^-IQ[$YH Z&H1.LGF+







M 9 4]: -^BN'L[.U
1FDLY(YQ9O&C+;2B69R



2 [D<%,9R,CC=@_7'6NC9UO+!V@R1
M(C!0RE3GD8(..?6@!]I/]IM(9]NWS8U?;G.
C.*=--';PO-
X2.-2S
QX '

[5+FR


!C'7^+_P#76!9:







&



T]ZFG


^8.IP05QTSD9SVZ5C6%M
9K)C:R1:A%*WV^8Q$+*N

T ;\DJ1;?
M

MI;*J1J66



Y)(XX X^IH U(G:2)7:-HBPR4?&5


MO*BA





'&0

M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% %:_N'M[;=%M



M^TR3-+?70CGQYD*% I&

MX.*GU:XEM--GN(7B1XEW9E4LN!UR 1_.G_8T
H9W9XU^Y$0NQ.

:.8^84BFMXG\N4  G'4
MC..IZ'T.)QK=@P)$K\
JG



%




M1SW)/O4]GI*V;[X[NX9S&(RS;.0&+#HO^TP^AH B?68QJPMPZFW6&1G;RVSN








4 :
FIV$

UML2V9)V*AY[CR@#C(_A.<X_E69<Z3?1&*,Y7S9)&=

C:
MORI4@'(QP3V- $D%^

MS6_]/''&* -7^U+$32Q-=PJ\)57#2 8+=!^-1ZE?7%I+:1VUO#,;F0QYDF,
M84A2W93V4_I^$/\ 9-QY3+]JAWD)AC V58+M)&'XR/RYZYJ34]+.HO95H'A
MMY/







9+(9 0V3N^8?

!*Y1BP(&X

M^G%8TFB74*RRI/%
0Z7)&^()V9BK2*6
M()[L/


;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB



M336^E7


M)S@A?3M[4MN9K6Y-JT+O Q+12KR%'=6]
=O;Z53:&X6\=TAS(
.H93MW
6X!
V2







M;C.2


MD+0EYI'VD(S

@;=P7G@M@YYYP/:G6MUYLVTW
4H
M(( 2(K@@\\DG\JKVT'V?7;Z41N5:VA);&=[!I

MU*G!=B.#[4 0W=W.K*J$JKS1A&\MLXS\XP1Z \^_MFK8NXC
8OGWA-^/+;IG

2.G

Y]*J
MK9W*VC6\OD212^891M)P&8DJ!_%U(SQTZ46


Y(' Y


MC&

M.XIMW?2174BHA*6RAY

%C=(_O(0
!L=QC /

ZR11!67&
O0<D<



M/%DHIZNQ&
^P ) ^OTH F6ZB:Y6W&\2

SK)((D*H$3DDXR0O7'  []:FT]
M39:5:6\@=Y8X$4J!DDA0#_\ K- +=S+
8O+
KR!I(N0 %&W@G/J?3I]*34+


M

MC&-LXW@.


M[AA3E I)SSQVHTX2&\F(



M

R#.4XWG _BK2KFK59X(_M*%R3M7EU7&3N/S

;
M1W8@#]35'3Y8HIDMS;MTS%
(3CIDJ3CC'KT(]\T_58VO98+.
X()E=O[H (7
M\=Q'Y&@#3JO/=QP3Q1



M7-[#;6]Q/(V5MD+R =0 
]/I5+5$EBT&^-Q-YC%&;H %'H
=?K3=2

(

M_ W8QGVK%N[Z2\\*&\AED@E
89MA *L#AE_/(JW9-)_;.HH\TCH!$45CPF0V

MJ9) SG&:1K6)KI+DAO
0%1\QQS[=





MM:WDY


\_IGL :]%8
MMMXHTRY:4)+]Q/




MB-45MN=O&.P/8UK6MQ]IB

EGJJI=73V5F
M8U
%&Q=YPN<G)Y(Z X[U'_;]L!=N\4\<%HYCEFDHH;C




X2)5RJ#&2=Q []
YH U:*AM)Q=6L4XC





M92-RYR

MT[QI:74XCE6%GCV!1(V
+\S#U'/3GK0!K45F1ZW!)
L:V]SM
YMS(R;55P.^









6#PEB[R-N8YW# R!@?7G
MTN_VI9_;19^:?.+%!\C;2V
[=V




Y_*JT6L6
L
D











MTF
?Q%1V&1D\#WH K3Z=?7)LGFOH2]M


M.E]&+E)Y94?R#MVR'+*R[N1G&#D=!3]/UJ(:-8W%_*?.F@61RD3-CCEB%!VC
MW/%7+G5;*TF:;E0VY59@JGHQ(!VCW.!0!4&BR1RVK0W*!8Y9)90\1)E:3.

MG

FQ;D-^\



;L]^G3FF-KFG*RJ+D.[1&8+&C.V



K6
M3V4P$;W(AF5XR&Z$X(.IX[CO0!FASM- ]SJ!D$$




H2O49%12:M912I')*
MREBHR8VPI/0

MZ


M]MN?I^-W4M0^QZ2][&A8 *WSJ1M!(^9AU  .2.O%4;K4+Q-(FNDN[1XT5&6Y
MB7Y6!;YAM+'&!CG)ZT 7=+T^?3HEMOM0DM8N(D

MW%I%

M0-]H)





QJ_4<\\-M$9;B5(HUZN[!0/Q- '/7&CZK+'?(SVT
VRG9YF#*OW/[W7I[TK7]DB0N]W JSX\IC( ),]-O//X4 9#Z
M?JI\W;%9'-ZMRN;AQ\HQP?DX/ _/VYT=4M)KDVDMN8_-M9O-2$A7^5EQD X


M)))M\S R0/7@=J 






T=];-$

MN(DEE^Y&S@


M)02@[2




M
_='&1U/ISI6EGJ']J1W=T;5%6W


MVI9G[1=PSJ3
PX3;U^0\G8/7J?3G0U#51;7]E:PO [S3B.52_P Z J2#M'^Z



M^/7'6J3:J#KEO80O!)&Z2&0J^61EV\$#I]X4 4-/T;4=.BA\M[6=S:K;2ABR
M*H4G:5X.?O'(.

MKW[=:'T_5
2[(K
EKX7*@SL/E&.#\G7C]:VX9HKB)98)4EC;HZ
&!_$55UJ\

R0S
65U9%4@Y3Y2-@(
M(!ZD59;3+N*^CDM+:QB@2UEA$:.4 9R&X 3&


QLD
M%?**JJX@<KA1CD8K2U:SGO=-\F-H_/#QR#=E5)5U;'<@''O4S:A9K:?:_M=
MO]G/24R@(3_O=*@T2]FU#35N+A8UD
DB$1DE?E=EX)Z]* *4VD7;B]MMT+6U



@//7VJ1[NVCN$MY+B)9I/N1LX#-]!U- &7-9ZL;B\E@^SQ^<8B,3')\
M



MTR'2M0
%E#
MLJQ+*DK)




IND W#(''KU'YT 8#:)JJV M%-G)C3FLMYD9



C'KTH HV=O-;74L
N


=.U.UL-0BET]/LBA;2\FD=VE #(Y?!7&3T?


MM+ R07%A]GA E!\D@-A3N/0[AR

K^9*K


M_P UO0QK#D29VHH49IIMX6G6=HHS
2'CY3&
YW?_ %ZZ.B@# T?2FM[E#=6L

9PA

M


VGS1(EEY#

MEBUA/#);Z;)-;&%XC!YJN\99MQ.7;!![\]AUK4OK^&QB$DVX@NB809(+' SZ


M(+




MX\
0 Q'S =Q@G@_G[5#J?FG3KA8('GD9JHA4$DC'4DK5% %73/-&G6ZSP/

MTNY'

M=VAMX?LAM6C9E)DR1S\I(P


[;X'QC

NFWES;7SB&2

MK;R

BL.H/

'^

M&2.
G2EU2\@FTGQ
M'!+J!E$,F(@TV


K9P&&26SD\9Y/UK1-MNNA.\KN%^


MN+\IKT)M9IF)N)894DG)!/EL541] 
@8/!/N#FF.T-YX=O9([ZYEO&L6
]OY
MQ)23;GE.J'((P
 ^AKK** .4FOF@=H]

MJ*?W4$R



MZXCU -
CVRSE?ER0

$D7;R







5UM% &;H^8=/9I



M=-10!'#-%
M/$LL,B21L,JZ,#]*DHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **2B@!:*2B@!:**2@!:*** BBDH 6BBB
9Q*5)!'+ERVQ);IUW=.W;M4VHV/VJ!PC/YC8P/-8+P1VSC]* (+&1A



AE[

M(!]*I3E_M@MBS&*Z#/(IMGQ\NW@#/0YY_\ KUMI$%A6,]@ 2#BJLMD7UWF

HP1GT.*JBY5H@^R-2]R
M(1DG]V.

3G:ZL?T6IY;2%XY!Y
9+KM(



P*[EY VJ



TBVBSN5E;]

F7 25V=@[3D+R3D?: &X^FT?


$*+Z$99B.W3\
#UJQ;3R2*\
M


M1IT
8B



G./P]:W4#! '8
P') QFL_^S$DN[DS M!*D:A=YYQNSGVY%6#;



4/H
QJ[/'=7%FB-'DK


M.\?AR1^%66@N)[5()V50RXF*


# Z_
P+Y<FYE.[?







'UJ!X$
M/AZR:[@C
BF)B)4!V%F ;CIG#&@#12Z

*-?-'&SL?N_=7)X!/K[]
U8
B+(

M]!0 ^VNQ);^9


6\
1CF5S
M=LWS1
!@R
1R1CH:NS1L=3B?:2BP2 G' )9
?R- $5EJ3W
5L?LS;I5#-B1




ME2\=[RX2-!)'#M0A
;MY&3G)'&
?K5;3F6*\E68/')
 (0ZXS&
D#ZC)XZ]*



*F4HY




M$Q#(?-Y8G/&

-U[J
9$

M)'PY
#C;T&5RWZUD7J*LN]F\M9[B'8C
0[D.N3UZ8' QQC/%7XG: SQR!D*8

0P !)QZDX_#-7SJ6V*Y=E4B&5(





MTEU%!;2:8\LC11[SN9Y2H!\MN^: -@LR1@LI9N
A/6L\:C/]D:00;I//:-%Z

8=AF.4X)SSR#S5&&WC%A)(4N)2EQ*55)&)R)&





,E3)N; S[@G]/:@W+J;PM<


YCCA*;\+\QZD#CM@?G[5);Q
+!'^UR(&@4

G\C5F.Z\V$/%'YAW%2$8'!'OFLB]MGE

:*LAC:
B(+@J



ME7'WQS_KGH U[*[2]@
L:LH#O&0V



2
*7568HO[F?_7Q<AA@_O%Z




\XJAI0=H)6965I7+F0
K G

M%'^T
F70*Z?,Q8B)AD]3Q5&]C/]B7!^SQ#_1FYSS]WZ4 :A*@;CC YSZ4*

\%LG



# Z#TI:** $  & 




MJ7!D&Q(V14V\Y)7)SG_ &?2J.H:GNL9I+;;)!*B2;XB#@L!P&QU!X/(JY)
MJ-K'



M))XP.: ))+2.2=)26RF
#@].GO5BL\:UIQ6$_:0#
S)&A5@[
OWAMQG(]
4X

)(IR3*A=48*0.HR1C(

/-D
+*

M9BWCEECDPLA 0L-V2Y';ICOUH VJ*I1ZM92+*1*5\G&]9(V1AG@$ @$@]B.
MM4;K60;G3WM9\6[W#03HT+!\AP&#R#P.

M
&
:

WFLR3+O0)&S
5'4[0

MND=Q&]C-9O



#Z 5:DNH$O(K=K@+
REQ



M6+!)6B-PR2)]JDA&/0
0
#DXY[T 7Z*JM?VXDDCRY:/KMC8@G!. 0
$\=!


MN&CD
!E

Z?J<YOC'':#[0T13=.W&S!.?D]J=%HI75)KF6ST^<
M3242R+F2$X' ^7YAD9!R

QJ]I=O<6MIY=S




M)Y/N1LX#-]!U-

M!1NSCC[H.


'?CK_.I+6TOTT0+%.&NW*DO)

M.-X'KCK0!B1Z1J$


M3O;V\AOH;:VM()A*C
&DNFN


M0F#SX@4W@X^8X7(Z9QSD]ZGN-
U&YN+^5DM4^T0PA )F.'C8M@_(.#DC/L..


M7QTS@9K&M-)NGT2^T^]\F
W+2D-Y?&\D]U'3/XULQR)+&LD3JZ. RLIR#T


DBB=CQM*\'9R?F)Z#ICWIVB:C+JD9NT
MEM9+5Q\JQYWQM_=;D@G!'ICTJ;5M373(4E:

VPTW5;





M(1V8!TD?=G.#AAQV/?UXUI-0LHC*)+RW3R0#+NE4;



3;C




2131QK/%$%)R2KQLS#([@DC//K6E'?6<KRI%=P.\7^L59 2
MGU]*6*\M9GD2&YAD:

NX



]S0!%K-M-=6!2WP9%D
M2383@.%8

)7TA+0.'C^:0*

S23.A)D'
MA6/)('7%


4SF[WJXX^X&? !(SSMQ70J=R@X(R,X/6EII8#(
M'S,!G:#S0!S]I:7D+:2LNGNPM?,#,'C.W(P


\;EZJ.

XCVEL =&#=CG'J.M;%% &+-I[6%[:S6-H9K
M:*&2(VZ
H8%BIW?






GVH R8H=3EL=*-Q
*C:QO8_M?D:
M5(-^IQW*['B&Y%VY/WNORMP?[WUQU5(6XR0


=OCLK88C\
A1]*N6=W!J5L[Q
MHQCWO$RR)C)!P00?QZU/#%'!$L4
:1QJ
*B*  /8@#.UN286;0VAN'BN4D


5F*[=X
M+,1D#_:Z&NAHH R] MKFTLYHKF%8B;B5TON^5F+#/IUJMJFE7%W=7<49*6U




M@CL#VK=1BP.49

MMJ%K%$X@EMG6-

M 6 !/L*T* .5DL-1FF
LVG J;.: P*8@BDLI&WGD'!Y/IT%/DT^]EA$$=@85

MRVUW







M5YJB


M

DL.2-ZGCCKS19





8TK1Y+F

MTQR#Z=ZZ2UO;6]1GM+F&X53@F*0

]#C\^E ')Z;J4/G:.XU0



%I$9;F:
M.&


MY6BGU&TBD
=$54Y7Y]K \\[21ZU-9217<<JRW]P-1*R++;+.05Y.
(/N@

M W# ]^QZU+]N:VFMXM-O&F=]

MZFT[4YC!]C9Y9&GW&.8%=JY;.TMRHQ[8K4TB]B?7+JVBOOM&VAEF;?\
M




B2F
-+DY!((R0




4.0N

[D=0RG&
@\BGT

$FI64$Z7\$\%K

*8.\$[0S;CZYQ@=12:=(]Z]FJ7EP\\T1748O/;
M

_NSNX &



1CMH4

M'H* .?N]2O[6U
_7MI_V98*6(6-MY<QS(GE+ASG.2


N2!U-<TFKWL%F5NFD






M7NA6\RHMM#91(K%VBDM%DC=B

MH&.*R(-0OBT\4=VUP7MXY(7E1(MS%B#L'8$#@-G\:W;&SCLK?R8E15)+;8T
M(,^BCH*(]/LHAB*SMT&

!$4!1^ IEI86=EO^QVD%OO
MQN\J
)NQTSCZF@#&2^NSJ8CCOC)%
LP5I(5$:
I 7;T8XS@Y.#VQ46GWNH7A

:/
:TH;2V@M_L\-O%'#S^[1 %YZ\#BDM[

$LOH?
M45$ND::A4KI]HI12JD0J





MO+LF90I/RR'Y1N!&3G/3H#533+Z\DMX+#3KB 2L]R[.9 N6$IX^XXZ
#C .
M.:Z==*TY(# MA:K6WF


RRFU





MTXZ4 8RY^SW.BLHV0 GGH8
94?G\GT4TVWN)XCIT*7;16\NF


.HZT^CSZH;BU6)K1Y43
@..E-;3+!_.W65LWGX
M\W
2GS


Y





Z2:-9
C!E

M]MJ


MJ!BR\!35C



MZ51_M1=/N7%W&CI*^&W'_6$=^

68'Z_3ICO3

MJMNAQNXSE\XYZ\#]*O6\TTTTGF6TD


M






L+_-C!PN.O49^OY36EO/:


8'6585
M1E+D@<#MG%):+<VT31F -^]D8$..0SEA_.@!MK/,FFR3.)IG$D@0,A#$;R%X
MQGICM4$,UP]L8X6E:0#

]!GG%6)4NITN5:(!'1511


AW8!Q@E@1SCJ.E %]Y)(X0[B
;5RY+D ?ITK
T6]N+
MJWF/E[7

'GT)[CVJC;Z9+(C%YYH)$N






M7PGF0E5VKZ8./Q(Z^@X L?9_^)PLRVP1/*??*
?.Q*8]\X4T 16-RDD\SRWI
M=EE
:IN&

Q5(RIP=S


MP9P%8S


W.
GZXJ\VW]^
MK2(H69542OCCRU/ ]
D_CFI+.V=+R9O(-O$D*0188'(&XY'MR!SZ&IY8)1&Q

M0#..




]?K5.T T=8_M16..XYD;/RK
S$G)]#

UT19'#)M6SEY//WMN,?]\F@_P#;Q]I2'R7PTIB#Y&

ME;V]RD+S1 D'=F0 KC';\:H.D;ZDMD\@:-7
I5PA4\?=Y&=V23ZX^M2WL$LN
MK6\BS- (XW6

 9SUJ*]U$6T?R0RR2





4CA@QB7+A3G'&:@_M @Q

ESCU.!Q4$6I++/
HAE\N



LWF0;E^T3$8V 

CCTJGK4+7&G79E&(8XG(3^^P!P3[
M#J!4\
4\;V[P

MSR.NU %')60-@^G%4)X[FXNKI$C*DB/^
8X)/I4]BTWVZY5H_E)7+%P2/E&.
M@H DDOU$Z1Q(T@#E96VMA

=J$JQ8%
MQ$S#[0W(F*^G:I=
/
M/WL8'7KU_*KU\%MX[1B6.R15^7//!XQ]: '#4XC</$$E.U QQ^1G/48]J==


M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%

M&A4XX(].E255U*


TJQHN-J*






@MH+






ML@QY2[1A
=

M!XJ&![WQ!=&\M8&6V*&03


TBR\JW ) QRH)Y)(/!XH TU@B6=IEC42L

X')%$
MD$4KJTD:LR@@$C.
X_P'Y5D/KEPMO=W TTF.VE
17SAO)!'.
8QSZ_\ UI)=
M::V2Z^T6N)(9$1$C8R;]_P!WHN?J #TXS0!J/%'(5
B*Q0[EW#.#ZBE**6#%

%R(
M]KEMR@\-T&



3

FMR27
D8L6BC
MA@2XD:=]C!&!SA0#R

*K$)8WVR*&&1P2RJ
]..1[



M28(KRI))-H8G !8)P
X.WZFMP'(!H 6BLRXU26WU.&VEMD6*:01HYG&]CM
M)W;

2 6VJP




MLYM#.)(@H
0P2I;)[E2.
GK]:VK0EK2%F))
:DD]^* 
233KMM5EN%6Y6;/[




M8RI_NJ?P]SE#H



E G08A8SV*7EVEK*I01*RXC4
M]0N5SC!(P<X[8XJ9M*W/9-]LN0UH%(V?-D8RWR^GIBJ^G:C(BZ?;7*W
\MU
M#YOVEA&$SC)'!'Y8_D36C9W'VNUCG\F2$.

M]DE:5 WE\ELY!^3IRWYGVQK$ C!&0:R-;OI;.XMC)-+;6+!O-N(HPY5LC:&R

]W'-!.VRWQMDP5VD9('1NYQ_4 N6VC0VS)LFF

M.?(C8J5@)!'R\9Z$CDG%3:9IXTVV

.TM8K:$8CB4(H]A67=W_
M -JBMI())[=H[V.*:(X!!R
JV
/7Z4 2_V3:@V6Q2BV0Q$J]
8'!]L@'Z@5
M$-#M5T\V:O



CH
@'!QR*EMM/-O?W%W

*#P..OUS43ZM9QW-P&
RM#$C-D
%8

M5[Z^E=+63RKRU*W:(\3*


MHYJXD$D=PFR0K;+$$$7&




MD!22
9Z







O9W#3&(2RQ)L)C4Y^8_-T.#@ D^U:

M =.3Q3K^^G%\UA'#

M?


9D5E53G Z$
#Q0!$=
M B
LLOVNZ\UY_MN@
3[=IV_+T*X&#GI6I$ACCEVD(ZL^,G\N/RK&O);[2
M7M9VO7N[:25(I4F1 R[C@,I0+W(R#3U\3::UXUMYHW+O^8
IR5SN& =PZ'J

;=A!ZYXSV'?M]:SK[2)([-H8VN[N.6X
TJYA



T D9-H




JI
MV



MJ@T-X]#ETV&[[V.)&BW;5SPN,CH !G/:M.VN8KJ/?%OP.'1D([\@@$5B2Z



*8=#G-S/
M<&]C$S7(N(66 XC8)LP1N^8%?IWJU_;FG;BOGMN4JKKY3YC+=-PQ\OXXJ674
M[2*X\AW??TXC8KG&=NX#&[_9SGVH IS:-.T68KN)+A[E;F61HRLR@  +N&!
MP.YJ



MD(&E\D+(C(V_^[M(!!Y';O3AJUF;47 D?:SF




]Q+*

]A?W$=N);V#S(IED)6V(5L=L;^.O
M7/X4NAW4UQI?G7DJO(LLJLX7:
+(R].W J2UUBPO)(TMY_

1'DOD
ML.H48RW0]
T 

M=Y%++&D;



M?3!^M/34[






5CE$+?N) 0YXQC;GN*ENK^U


0I.Y187&2


M PHM#NT$&Z_A8Q7KW9Q;$9+;LK]_C[[?I^-B'2'2TGL);KS+&0.JQ^7AU5LY


M]GREI^[U&2[.)F^ZV_C[G7YS^7OPMOI%^FF0QLUNEU;7;W

MCAR.AZ ^U=!10!A/I%T9?M@\G[4;M;EHMYV#$?E[=VW/0YSCK5&[AN--CC6X






A![^&X6ULKQ%@6!H[I?NA22&4
M[3SR<COQS5JPL[FWU.[ED2W658UC\MCD;1C[N


Q&S;NPPP#G[QXX^M):6%W::C!L2%K.&V6W#M
WF$#OC;CKQU]_:



MC*_)U&?:N@HH Q(-



MLAE+EV5E)ZC;@@C/0Y&

MHJ* 




)\QY)R0.@'O6Y10!
MEZ;#J-L+CSX+7

\4060F1BH.W ! SCGFI7N4

MC'7BG7-[#;6]Q/(V5MD+R =0 

MT 344F1ZBHDN8F1W+;%1BIW\=#C\J )J*@N;N.V WK(Q8@*%0G)/;/2@7D!P

M/'0@X(H DHHI* %HJ))@\\L6T@Q@$D]#G/\ A1).D2;F)(QD;1G(H EHJD-3
M@)C&V7YXC(


D$;2
M

MB0N0.O S3PP..Q(S@]: '45%-.D




MZ8VE1SFI9YDMX_
279)6 )XYSQ]/SQH


S380UYM@+(L'RRX8'#  ;/NCLHY]

P%4M0C1YXA=VZH%*R$OL5
F:W&MH6N%N@\U1M# X./0^OXTC6D3MF7=+WP[9'Y=/TH
MHV(F96EBA/D219C2<*#D] 2,G'U!-4_)F71[IPT*YF<$+'Z2GOFMFR@MS)Y
M[.*VD=T,K.X )DE9^!G'4GU-2%!.



N3^%0PDJTD<@VR?;(L@$L!\B=SUK
M9DB20*'&=K!ASW'2EJ




M&XY;CJ?4T 8+


MN\JKU(!PH(]^OMQWK9^Q6_[L^4


;9@0#Y4PA(!&.03C@C/X_GC/NT@2X
3J(I7DEE *XRJQ

M;K=D*



_E37MX
3,D3AX5E9)1\WS(N,NI_$ ?\K0D
MMXI6RZY. /\ /YU$VGVK@AX58$8.23Q0!5N9A%KUN-C.SVSA549S\R]?0?6D
@#MH\16<
:

UP&?RYFPBF0DJ

MOFEME=TMD*X






JB+ X
M_=R[\'G@\ @]

MFXN!))++/M#
^WH



MV6Q2BV0Q$J]


'(V^F1QCKZ\T 6+R[6RL9+F52?


.
MMM%;RS -(L3EE)QUZ#DCKQ^=9NNZQ'9W\+_BB^RR)YL!E53*K\-QU.T$,*W
M+: V]LD)FDE*#'F2;=Q_( ?I55-+ TZXLY;NXF6?=NDD%ANZC[N/S!_E0!%
M?WU[#J]K:VL

DI7[I4=E/][\?;O6T[6;RZL;
?9H9+VY@
X3SBJ;


MW

MS:\\=B+Q+030
L.&27^*3'!R!P


PR7T-NML+$W



ZOMP
M  ,8 [ ?E0!!=ZA]FOI4^Q-(\5JTRR!E!8 C*C_ .OC\:=8:E+=7 BFM1'

M( K[




ME-ET!)A=![^\_P!*E25R/+X9




&MO.66=$R2


M;[MO*N6N@3Y?+MG.?DZ?

*!G=NQG!Z?=Z^W-01:\DWV'9$B?:X1*!++L//\*\88^H
MR.*L2Z4)A;F:\N))()#(LC!
GC&




C9N)R2.
CGMG'M4M]9
MQWUN(9&= '6160C(96# \^XH Q-/NWT^ZOP8-T4NIK&[F4DJSI&!C(Y&3ZC

J3G/.
X]J *8U^4Z?;71
MLN;O!@1&=R1M+$L%0D=.P-:FGW37MG'.\$D#-G

I)V?
M*2


7VN




EIJ OTOHA;-))(9H7D8*N



 D%1M^F3U_/6A\SRE\W:'

87!;KDY [9J#3_#QM

-NAK F
MT*\GGGEFAL95^V&X2&5BZ2*8PA#97Y3P",_X[EE;K;6J1)!# !D^7
(N?3

MS%(D+EBI7!&.3D-T ['K4OV*\LK^YN+!8)8[I@\D4TC1[7 QD
%;J .
43VE

6Q@

M(DDS$0&0PN'YZ87&2#@X(!SBG3ZG:6\:O)(V&S]V-F( ZD@ X ]3Q6=%HQ%D




M


M^OMS7UO3[_4/




=O/W.GRC\_;D

;NTTV[*

-WEE





JS

M*_O7
-FMM-;)#&B



CF-65

07L;/ Q.QMK*R%&4^A5



LIC160JS
.JE6&1







MMUBDMXXL)*S


MPVZ1Q/%(9

@#GZ#K7.7ECJ4R:@'TXO
M+/IT=NKQ-&$
GS;@

M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %07%G:W3Q

SQ'
;2(&*'VSTZ#\JGHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

3#@

%([]

*Y_P 

M=@
'.



MNHRZ3/L+#^$X)!QW'%4=!_UL7_7!_\

MVF)/''YLA#@Y;RF^7'KQG\J73)@MA=2VI-P@G?RRTC

D0D9B54$_NCCCK_2@#I+K5;6VMHIF8L)0&C5
M1\S XY /H#FF+K5G
F;4RW1(R!#&S9&2




 ?4U/IC2'5IE=I H@4A6:0C.X\X?Z4 3S:U;0
UC6%6AF\E!'A@W& 201SDX_'F@#8N;Z.
MWG2 J\DKQO(J(
PSG@CB@Y]L&
_9[C'NE/


MH@S(&XRAVG\#VJFFB6$_N25.W



M6(\Y9RQ;EG!!!)^H'Y8JY2
=JDG. 

MY

MP2Z+*I*@=21GC%.@O[2Z56M9TN$9]FZ$^8H.
X)&0./7V]10!.ZAT*MR&&#4

M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !7-/OL':4?9[[3)
M+T

:Q=*]VMQ:I PD78S[C&R@X 4(#D8Y!8UL_V
M5IQS_P 2^UY?S/\ 4K][^]TZ^]/.GV3/,[6=N7F&)6,2YD'HW'/XT 8ECJ%T
M\=K]JU JMSIGVEY2B 1,-F2./1CUR./PJO<F\DTGS[B\E=)KJW-O'.B!E3S5
MPQJO7KCL

@Z7I
MY9&-C;%HTV(?)7*KS\HXX')X]Z (]#NI;W1;.ZG(
LL2LY QDXJ_45O;P6L0

\MD8[8Q_C3'U&_1
M=ZW:DSZ:UVH:
%8F7;TQ@D$


M$*#IEGA057]PO YX''N?SH Q;S4=11=1=+P*MO8QW

XR1VZUIC1M* 8#3+
!@%;]PO



78B/+1
M!-.L8Q-LLK=?/XEQ$H



M:01VJ2

G)_&M&@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB







J01
MZB@!:*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB



$$!3/[N#.P9)/&:N44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5R%UJ=Y:?VH3J5Z





;&8?^R4 7Z*S_[9M?\ GE??^ $__P 11_;-K_SROO\
MP G_ /B* -BL_\ MFU_YY7W_@!/_P#$4?VS:_\ /*^_\ )__B* -BL_P#M

M6K6YCNHS)&LJ@'&)87C/Y
 ?QH FHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B

: -6BN=L[J<+I5\9



M+[_KG%_RR








?\

M_P# Q_\ XU1YVL?\^-C_ .!C_P#QJ@#0HK/\[6/^?&Q_\#'_ /C5'G:Q_P ^



A ^
MN* (GOH40.0^RK]P]6( _F*FDE2(H')&]MJ\=ZQH5FN9[B)0FS?ZMZA&4'
M]5:K]Y
$-O
LY6

CT%:=U/\ 9K5Y2-S ?*HZLW8#ZF@ L[J.

[C



MKK_H
WW_ 'Q!_P#&Z/[.NO\ H
WW_?$'_P ;H T**S_[.NO^@S??]\0?_&Z/
M[.NO^@S??]\0?_&Z -BL_\ LZZ_Z#-]_P!\0?\ QNC^SKK_ *#-]_WQ!_\
M&Z -BL_^SKK_H
WW_?$'_QNC^SKK_H
WW_?$'_QN@#0HK/_ +.NO^@S??\
M?$'_ 
;H_LZZ_P@S??]\0?_ !N@#0HJ@-/N0#G6+TY'4I#Q_P0Z3^SKK_H
M

M&01M/2M.2646VY(29F&%0G@'W/I0!/161:2W;-#!#+YFTYG:6


NHV=QY$#B'?F1\[TR

-96


QMKF
M7T8DN;=8)7\@G=@M\QRY).&ZD]A]* +LVO00BY\RVNA]F59)/D7B


+B


M\N
\CY_]IOT].;5EIUU:3NZWJ-'
8O@G (SL?HJ@DT 3T54?4[1+6.Y\TO'*<)Y:
[
M

M'4D*#@#(Y/%68Y$EC62-@R
 RL#P1ZT .HK/CU2
\RQR(KR%(2$9O
&.#T[X


M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110

?=_I5VB@#GY(;J+[&MRC
YO792)CC:?
OOBNB9%< , 0#GFF300W!9XDD4$
 Z@@$'(-




#F$P%HU/E'^#C[OX=
M* )Z*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *S-4T8:E*DG]HZA:%5VXM;@H&^HYY]ZTZ
M* .?_P$5_ZCVN?^!G_UJ/\ A%?^H]KG_@9_]:N@HH Y_P#X17_J/:Y_X&?_
M %J/^$5_ZCVN?^!G_P!:N@HH P&\+ GC7=;' X%Y_P#6I/\ A%?^H]KG_@9_
M]:N@HH P&\+ L2-=UM03T%YP/TH7PL P)UW6V /0WG!_2M^B@#G_ /A%?^H]
MKG_@9_\ 6I5\+ 'G7=;/!X-Y_P#6K?HH Y__ (17_J/:Y_X&?_6I1X6 !SKN


M:6

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *S9-6P8Q#8W4_F.Z*4\L9*]?O
M/0_E]*T2




!DC)\T.5\Q-K_*
M1G_4X![]&/OWI[:!=_;3+]FLI4
X=O

MN$660XB(8D
IV]6& ?3W[Q+HESYMPY^S1NZN#*C-NGW

M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** JUQ?06UQ;P2LXDN&*Q@1LP)QG&0
M
#CGGT-6:J:E#)-:$P#


MC@XQ59K._@E
GE74\S20

L4



M2ZN(K2VDN)V*Q1*6=@I; '4X'-8J6]Y;V4\$=G=R
VV6.43IYAY'R

MU(('4]\^Y\Z_O-5AADN9I6@FB2!;A2H9A@;E\SC';Y%')Y)P: .OR..1ST]Z
M9/


8R
M*OP)=)I-Q&]O





J

M!;V


M$G&#G)/IR*MW=OJ$L%^R17JW



-N[@2S;O+7!^;')J:
ML+4(M3FN'NH(
5/+A9%+RA3R5;S %!#
.1G'Y52NY)+C7I8_


M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
; 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!__9
end



