

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062993-16-008985
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		111
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20160414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20160414
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			American Lorain CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001117057
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CANNED
 FROZEN & PRESERVED FRUIT
 VEG & FOOD SPECIALTIES [2030]
		IRS NUMBER:				870430320
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34449
		FILM NUMBER:		161572357
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		BEIHUAN ROAD
		STREET 2:		JUNAN COUNTY
		CITY:			SHANDONG
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			276600
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(86) 539-7317959
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		BEIHUAN ROAD
		STREET 2:		JUNAN COUNTY
		CITY:			SHANDONG
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			276600
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070806
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American Lorain CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070801
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MILLENNIUM QUEST INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000622









   







 D.C.
20549


SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
December 31
 2015


SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934



AMERICAN LORAIN
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

    
(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)
      

    
    
Shandong
People&#146;s Republic of China
(Address of principal executive
office and zip code) 
(Registrant&#146;s telephone
number
 including area code) 
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
Name of each exchange on which registered
      

Common Stock
 par value $0.001 per share

    

Act:

seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 


file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 


reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
issuer was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 


electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T (&#167; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).


pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&#167; 229.405) is not contained herein
 and
will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#146;s knowledge
 in definitive
proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [ ] Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a
non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of
&#147;large accelerated filer
&#148; &#147;accelerated filer&#148; and &#147;smaller reporting company&#148;
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

    
    

    
    

company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 


held by non-affiliates as of the last business day of the registrant&#146;s most
recently completed second fiscal quarter were 19
259
570 and $35
822
800
respectively. 

259
490 shares of common stock outstanding as of
March 30
 2016.

registrant's Proxy Statement related to its 2016 Annual Stockholders' Meeting to
be filed subsequently are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Except as expressly incorporated by reference
 the
registrant's Proxy Statement shall not be deemed to be part of the report.





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 




    
    





    





    



    
    





    





    

    
    




      FOR REGISTRANT&#146;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER

    





    





    





    





    




      IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL

    





    





    

    
    





    





    




      OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED

    





    





    

    
    





    








style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

&#148; &#147;us&#148; and &#147;our&#148; refer to ALN
 and except
      where the context requires otherwise
 our wholly-owned and majority-owned
      direct and indirect operating subsidiaries. 

    
    

 a
      Nevada corporation (formerly known as Millennium Quest
 Inc.). 

    
    

 a limited liability
      company organized under the laws of France that is majority- owned by Junan Hongrun. 

    
    

      Inc.
 a Cayman Islands company that is wholly - owned by ALN. 

    
    

      Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. 

    
    

      Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. 

    
    

      Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. 

    
    

      Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. 

    
    

      Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. 

    
    

      Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. 

    
    

 the legal currency of
      China. 

    
    

 &#147;$&#148; and &#147;US$&#148; refer to the legal
      currency of the United States. 

    
    

      Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong and Macau). 

meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 including
 without limitation
 statements
regarding our expectations
 beliefs
 intentions or future strategies that are
signified by the words &#147;expect
&#148; &#147;anticipate
&#148; &#147;intend
&#148; &#147;believe
&#148; or similar
language. All forward-looking statements included in this document are based on
information available to us on the date hereof
 and we assume no obligation to
update any such forward-looking statements. Our business and financial
performance are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties. Actual results
could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements.
In evaluating our business
 you should carefully consider the information set
forth under the heading &#147;Risk Factors.&#148; Readers are cautioned not to place undue
reliance on these forward-looking statements. 







in Shandong Province
 China. We develop
 manufacture and sell the following
types of food products:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    

    
    


 or RTC
      foods
 ready-to-eat
 or RTE
 foods and meals ready-to- eat
 or MRE); and
      

    
    
    

majority-owned subsidiary in France and Portugal. Our products are sold in
Chinese domestic markets as well as exported to foreign countries and regions
such as Japan
 South Korea and Europe. We derive most of our revenues from sales
in China
 France
 Japan and South Korea. In 2016
 our primary strategy is to continue building
our brand recognition in China through consistent marketing efforts towards
supermarkets
 wholesalers
 and significant customers
 enhancing the cooperation
with other manufacturers and factories and enhancing the turnover for our
existing chestnut
 convenience and frozen food products. In addition
 we are
working to developing new products and developing new sales channels. We
currently have limited sales and marketing activity in the United States
although our long-term plan is to significantly expand our activities there.


4
 1986 and was formerly known as &#147;Millennium Quest
 Inc.&#148; Effective November
12
 2009
 ALN reincorporated in Nevada from Delaware.

subsidiaries
 Luotian Lorain and Junan Hongrun
 directly. Junan Hongrun
 in
turn
 owns 100% and 51% of Dongguan Lorain and Athena respectively. In addition
together with Junan Hongrun
 ILH wholly owns Beijing Lorain
 Shandong Greenpia
and owns approximately 80% of Shandong Lorain (Shandong Economic Development
Investment Co. Ltd. owns approximately 20%). We sometimes refer to our six
Chinese operating subsidiaries and the Athena Group throughout this annual
report on Form 10-K as the Lorain Group Companies. Below is an organizational
chart of ALN
 ILH and the Lorain Group Companies: 






src=form10kx4x1.jpg

Athena is a holding company which holds all of the
capital and the voting shares of Conserverie Minerve
 a company organized under
French law. Conserverie Minerve specializes in the processing and sale of
chestnut and prepared foods products in Europe. Conserverie Minerve operates its
businesses through the following
 direct and indirect
 wholly owned
subsidiaries:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

 a company organized under French
      law; 

    
    

 a real estate company organized under
      French law; 

    
    

 a real estate company organized
      under French law; and 

    
    

 a company organized under Portuguese
      law. 

 2015
 Athena approved the merger of its wholly owned
subsidiary Conserverie Minerve into Athena. Athena  assumed all contracts
rights
 assets and liabilities of Conserverie Minerve after the merger. Athena
was a holding company with no operations and its only asset was the equity of
Conserverie Minerve. On August 8
 2015
 the merger was completed. The business
and operation of Conserverie Minerve remain unchanged after the merger



segments:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

 

    
    

 and 

    
    
    

 including 6 new products in
the chestnut
 convenience and frozen foods segment. We also discontinued 5
products in 2015 in the chestnut
 convenience and frozen foods segment. 


manufacturer in China. In addition
 we have been giving increasing emphasis in
recent years to building a stronger international sales network. As a result of
our acquisition of control in Athena in 2014
 we now have chestnut processing
and manufacturing capabilities in France and Portugal which will enable us to
achieve a strategic position in the chestnut industry in Europe.





China
 Japan and South Korea over the past 17 years. We produced 59 high
value-added processed chestnut products in 2015. In 2015 and 2014
 this segment
contributed 53.6% and 56.6% of our total revenues
 respectively.

chestnuts. The majority of our chestnut products are natural and do not contain
chemical additives.

 in contrast to many other tree nuts
 contains
small quantities of oil and is very high in complex carbohydrates. This makes
them useful for a wider food range than other common nuts. Chestnuts are
commonly steamed
 boiled
 sugar stir-fried
 roasted or added into dishes or
desserts as an ingredient.

 followed
by South Korea and Japan. The total annual output of chestnut in China reaches
1.95 million metric tons
 which accounts for 84% of global output. In recent
years
 the chestnut production in South Korea and Japan has declined. This has
been attributed to the increasing labor costs and operational costs incurred in
growing chestnuts. Because of the declining domestic production
 South Korean
and Japanese customers have grown to rely more on imported chestnut products.
Our strategy is to take advantage of these trends.

products. We differentiate our chestnut products based on production process
high quality raw materials inputs
 flavor
 size and method of packaging. For
instance
 some of our chestnut products that are sold in Japan are packaged in
plastic bags or tin cans
 each considered a different product. Similarly
 some of our chestnut products are processed
with hot water or cold water
 each considered a different product.

purchase and produce raw chestnuts during these months and store them in our
refrigerated storage facilities throughout the year. Once we obtain a purchase
order during the rest of the year
 we remove the chestnuts from storage
 process
them and ship them within one day of production.



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

 or RTC
 food products
 

    
    

 or RTE
 food products
 and 

    
    

 or MRE
 food products.
  

customers for safe
 wholesome and tasty foods that are easily prepared.

Typically
 when preparing a RTC
 customers need only to heat the food in a
microwave or boil it for several minutes before eating. Our best-selling RTCs in
2015 were French fries.

in 2015 were various bean products.

kits
 such as microwavable rice boxes. Our self-heating MREs are primarily for
military use where no cooking device or other means are needed other than water.
We also introduced microwavable MREs for civilian uses such as camping
traveling and other occasions where only simple preparation using a cooking
device such as a microwave oven is required.

 the best
sellers of which were our beef with curry sauce over rice and kungpao chicken
with rice in 2015. Many of our convenience products are natural and do not
contain chemical additives.





 including 2
new products. In 2015 and 2014
 this segment contributed 25.3% and 27.1%
respectively
 of our total revenues.


 mostly frozen vegetables
and frozen fruits. We produced 62 frozen food products in 2015. Our best-selling
frozen food products in 2015 was sweet corn products.

production seasonality of chestnut products and to increase the utilization rate
of our production capacity. Through our sales network
 we are seeking to further
penetrate into domestic and overseas market for our frozen food segment as it
may not only raise our spare production capacity without additional heavy
capital investment
 but also boost our brand equity as we are selected to be the
provider for international fast food giants. The frozen foods accounted for in
our total revenue increased from 16.4% in 2014 to 21.0% in 2015. Gross margins
in this segment are lower than the margins for chestnut products and convenience
foods.



China
 three of which are located in Junan County
 Shandong Province
 one in
Luotian County
 Hubei Province
 one in Miyun County
 Beijing and one leased
facility in Dongguan
 Guangdong Province. In addition
 as a result of
our acquisition of control in Athena in 2014
 we now have chestnut and
convenience foods manufacturing capabilities in France and Portugal.

commenced at each of the facilities and the size of the facilities.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    









    
    
    
    
    


    

    


    









    
    
    
    
    


    

    


    









    
    
    
    
    


    

    


    










lines. Except Chinese doughnuts production lines
 each production line is used
to produce between 10 and 50 products. We currently run four types of product
lines:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

 which are used to freeze
      raw materials for year-round production and to produce frozen food; 

    
    

 which are used to produce canned
      products
 including chestnut products; 

    
    

 which are used for
      producing RTCs
 RTEs and MREs
 all of which have nitrogen preservation
      capacity; and 

    
    

 which are used to
      produce Chinese doughnut products. 

involves sorting and cleaning the raw chestnuts purchased during the chestnut
season. We then store the raw chestnuts in our refrigerated storage facilities
throughout the year. Once we obtain a purchase order
 we remove the chestnuts
from storage and process them by steaming
 decladding and deep-freezing the
chestnuts
 depending on the particular product. We then package and ship the
processed chestnuts within one day of production.

involves various steps
 including soaking
 boiling
 coating
 drying
 deep
freezing
 packing
 sealing and sterilizing.





lines
 the types of products produced and the production capacity at each
facility:


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
      
2015
      Capacity

    
3
4 Chinese doughnut lines

products
 frozen
      
 beans
 

      production lines with 54
000 
capacity 24
900 tons of
      cold and frozen 

    
1

products
      

      production lines with 20
000 
500
      tons of 

    
1

products
 frozen
      

      production lines with 34
000 
650
      tons of 

    
2

products
foods
 frozen 

      production lines with 24
000 
500
      tons of 

    
    
    

      production lines with 3
000 
250 tons
      of 

    
    
products
      

      production lines with 9
000 
500 tons
      of 

    
1

products
      

      production lines with 8
900 
920
      tons 
  

facilities to take advantage of efficiencies in the transportation of required
raw materials. For example
 Junan Hongrun and Shandong Lorain
 which manufacture
primarily chestnut and frozen products
 are located in Shandong Province
 which
is China&#146;s largest supplier of fresh products by volume. Shandong Province is
also a major chestnut producing region.

meet the standards and requirements of our largest customers in Europe and
Japan
 with France and Japan being our two top overseas markets in value
term.

various certifications for many of our products
 packages and processes
including ISO 9000 or ISO 9001 certification for certain of our chestnut and
frozen vegetable products
 BRC certification for certain of our frozen fruit and
vegetable products and HACCP certification for certain of our frozen vegetable
fruit and chestnut products and our bottom-open chestnuts. We believe that our
quality controls and standards of products distinguish us from other
manufacturers in both domestic and international markets.

 we operate our production lines year
round. In the past
 when our production was focused almost exclusively on
chestnuts
 we experienced seasonal underutilization of our product lines.
However
 our current facilities have multiple-function designs allowing us to
use our production lines for our convenience and frozen products when we are not
producing chestnuts at full capacity. Consequently
 as we have increased our
processed and convenience food offerings over the last several years
 we have
generally been able to run our production lines at increasing efficiency.





 most of our convenience foods were produced at our
Beijing Lorain plant. With the introduction of bean products in 2009
 we
expanded our facility in Junan Hongrun with the addition of three convenience
food production lines designed specifically for bean products with current
annual capacity of 13
500 metric tons.

of production. We anticipate
 however
 that we may require additional facilities
and/or product lines as our business grows. We are exploring the possibility of
alliances with one or more OEM partners for the production
 in the short-term
of some of our convenience food products and frozen products should our
facilities be inadequate to meet increasing demand. We are also exploring the
possibility of leasing additional production lines to expand our production
capacity. We did not lease any production facility during 2015. We may decide to
lease additional facilities in 2016
 should circumstances require and subject to
acceptable costing. In the long-term
 we plan to increase our own production
capacity by acquiring or building new facilities
 subject to the availability of
adequate sources of funding.


element of our business. Our raw materials and partially finished products need
to be preserved in frozen storages (-18&#186;C to -20&#186;C) or constant temperature
storages (-5&#186;C to 5&#186;C). Storage is particularly critical for our chestnut
products because chestnuts are a seasonal fruit.

the type and capacity of our storage resources:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    


    

100 

    
    
    

800 

    


    

000 

    
    
    

500 

    


    

850 

    
    
    

800 

    


    

500 

    
    
    

000 

    


    
    

    
    
    

450 

    


    

500 

    
    
    
    

    


    

500 

    
    
    

220 

 we have also
expanded our storage capacity. All of the listed storage facilities are owned by
us. In 2009
 we expanded our storage capacity in Junan Hongrun by an additional
3
600 metric tons. In 2010
 we also expanded our storage facility in Dongguan by
1
000 metric tons and
 through our acquisition of Shandong Greenpia
 we have
added four additional storage units with an aggregate capacity of 1
500 metric
tons. We also added 13
500 metric tons of cold storage at the Junan Hongrun
facility during 2011. We did not add to our storage capacity during 2015. In
2016
 we may build or lease additional storage facilities from time to time
should circumstance require.


supply ourselves with a small portion of chestnut
 fruit and vegetable products.
For the year ended December 31
 2015
 the supplies coming from agricultural
operations is still a low
proportion of the total. We believe that we will continue to develop more
agricultural facilities in the long-term. We anticipate that self-grown
agricultural products and agricultural products grown in cooperation with local
farmers will enable us to assure adequacy of supply
 promote quality and reduce
cost
 particularly for our high margin offerings. For example
 by growing Korean
cultivar chestnuts domestically
 we expect to significantly reduce our supply
costs for this premium product
 while ensuring superior quality.





products are shown in the following table.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    

    
    
    


      Japanese

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

  

most vegetables and fruits
 chestnut trees have a 3-5 year growing phase before
they can be harvested. Our current chestnut planting base has been
self-supplying limited quantities of chestnuts to our production since 2007.

apricots
 pears and blackberries in 2009 in Beijing. We use these fruits in some
of our frozen fruit products. We plan to continue to expand our agricultural
operations over the next a few years. Among other things
 we plan to increase
our self-production in China of Korean cultivar chestnuts. We expect to obtain
funding for this expansion through a combination of commercial and government
loans
 including loans under Chinese government programs to promote agricultural
industrialization. There is no assurance
 however
 that adequate funding for
these purposes will be available to us.


 approximately 78% and 81% of our procured raw
materials
 respectively
 consisted of agricultural products
 including primarily
chestnuts and vegetables
 approximately 7% and 8%
 respectively
 consisted of
packaging materials and approximately 15% and 11% consisted of condiments such
as sugar
 salt and flour.


agricultural products
 including chestnuts
 vegetables
 red meat
 fish
 eggs
rice and flour. Because of the diversity of available sources of these raw
materials
 we believe that our raw materials are currently in adequate supply
and will continue to be so in the future.

domestic procurement (excluding self-supply)
 overseas markets
 and self-supply.
Domestic and overseas procurement accounted for 91.8% and 7.8% 
 respectively
of our total raw material costs in 2015
 while self-supply accounted for less
than 1%. We obtained substantially all of our agricultural raw materials from
domestic sources during 2015.





 respectively
 we procured approximately
44
383 and 40
801 metric tons of chestnuts and approximately 53
106 and 55
321
metric tons of vegetables and other raw materials from a number of third party
suppliers
 domestic and overseas
 and produced approximately 568 and 637 metric
tons of chestnuts and other products from our own agricultural operations.

typically rely on numerous domestic and international suppliers
 including some
with whom we have a long-term relationship. Our top 10 suppliers accounted for
13.4% and 17.6% of the total procurement in 2015 and 2014 in value terms
respectively. We purchase from suppliers and farmers pursuant to supply
contracts and underlying purchase orders. We have not entered into any long-term
contracts with any of our suppliers.

companies
 agricultural associations and distributors. Some raw materials must
be imported at higher costs
 however. Occasionally
 we also work directly with
farmers. For instance
 we operate an initiative which involves a series of
cooperation and lease agreements between Shandong Lorain
 Beijing Lorain and
local farmers. This initiative involves approximately 1
000 acres of land which
is used primarily to produce Japanese and Korean style chestnuts
 sticky corn
and pumpkins for our operations. 


 we have built our facilities near
domestic sources of agricultural raw materials. For example
 Junan Hongrun and
Shandong Lorain are located in Shandong Province
 which is China&#146;s largest
supplier of fresh products by volume. Shandong Province is also a major chestnut
producing region. Local procurement reduces our costs
 especially transportation
costs. It also gives us first-hand harvest and market information
 which
provides us with an advantage in price negotiations with suppliers.

discussed
 we have begun to develop our agricultural capabilities in order to
control costs
 particularly with respect to imported raw materials such as
Korean-style chestnuts.

factors
 such as weather conditions and commodity market fluctuations
 which are
beyond our control. We obtain contemporaneous information on local harvests and
collect daily reported price information on harvests in other markets from which
we procure our products. We also attempt to predict harvest yields in advance
based on our information gathering. We use this harvest information to negotiate
best pricing with our suppliers.

season
 our internal procurement function personnel may visit our sources of
supply to assure that the products we are purchasing comply with our
standards.


exported to foreign countries and regions such as Japan
 South Korea and Europe.
In 2015 and 2014
 approximately 80.1% and 64.2%
 respectively of our sales were
made domestically in China and approximately 19.9% and 35.8% were to
international customers
 primarily France
 Japan and South Korea. Our
top ten customers contributed 12.3% and 12.2% of our total revenues in 2015 and
2014 respectively. 


 we sell our products through our own sales team and
through third-party distributors. We have 38 sales offices in 31 provinces in
China. In 2015 and 2014
 we sold approximately 60.0% and 80.9%
 respectively
 of
our products directly to our Chinese and overseas customers and approximately
40.0% and 19.1% through third-party distributors. We increased the portion of
sales to third party distributors in order to access new markets in China and
overseas in a cost efficient manner and to improve our cash position. Such plans
are subject to our ability to restructure the sales force and manage the
increased number of distributors without compromising our profit margins.
Generally
 our direct sales customers are required to pay us on 30 to 60 day
credit terms. Third-party distributors
 however
 generally less frequently pay on credit
allowing us to obtain quicker payment terms and thereby decrease our accounts
receivables.

including Beijing
 Shanghai
 Tianjin and Guangzhou. Our sales team sells our
products directly to supermarket chains
 mass merchandisers
 large wholesalers
and others in these markets. In second-tier and third-tier cities
 we currently
sell our products to third-party distributors
 such as food companies or trading
companies with established distribution channels in such regions
 rather than
through our own sales team
 in order to enable us to penetrate such markets more
quickly without spending significant capital. We also sell to small customers
through independent sales representatives.





distributors provide that we are responsible for transportation costs and the
distributors are responsible for storage costs. Furthermore
 the distributors
have the right to return products that fail to satisfy specified quality
standards
 at our cost. The majority of such contracts require the distributors
to pay us in cash in full upon delivery
 and the remaining contracts provide for
short-term credit
 usually two to three weeks. In addition
 we typically offer
distributors performance-based incentives
 such as a cash bonus equal to 1% to
1.5% of total revenues generated by such distributor which exceed previously
established sales targets.



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

 primarily Japan
 South Korea and
      Malaysia
 but also Singapore
 Philippines
 and Australia; 

    
    

 primarily France and Portugal
 but also
      Belgium
 the United Kingdom
 Italy
 Germany and Spain; 

    
    

 primarily Israel; 

    
    

 including the United States
  

 sales in Europe decreased by 60.0% in 2015 as a
result of a question raised by the Centre Technique Conservation of Produits
Agricoles (&#147;CTCPA&#148;)
 an industry trade association for canned
 preserved and
dehydrated food products in France
 with respect to the origin of canned
chestnuts sold by Conserverie Minerve (&#147;Minerve&#148;
 a former subsidiary of Athena)
and Minerve chestnuts come from a Chinese cultivar
 while CTCPA stated that only
chestnuts based on the European or Japanese cultivars can be used in canned
chestnut products sold in France according to CTCPA policies and that canned
chestnut products must also have received certification from the International
Featured Standards (&#147;IFS&#148;)
 a qualified third party certification agency in
Europe that certifies food products
 especially for retail industry. The Company
has since shipped chestnuts based on the Japanese cultivar grown in China to Minerve and Minerve has addressed the IFS certification issue and regained IFS
certification on November 5
 2015. We are also still in negotiation with CTCPA
with respect to chestnuts based on the Chinese cultivar. The Company initiated a
reorganization proceeding with the local court in September 2015 in order to
have time to obtain IFS certification and to address the CTCPA cultivar issue.
The proceeding provides Minerve (now Athena) protection from creditors
initiating any actions against Athena. The initial protection period expired in
March 2016 and Athena has applied for an extension of the protection period
until September 2016. Sales in Asia countries
also decreased by 37.2% due to weak demand in Asia countries. 

export and trading agents and companies in China
 as well as our own sales team
located in China and Europe. Our sales team sells directly to wholesalers
 food
processors and mass merchandisers. Many of our customers are well known in their
local food market. We have established long-term relationships with many
international customers
 especially in Japan and South Korea. Now that we have
acquired the Athena Group
 we may use its existing sales channels and further
penetrate to Europe market. We also attend trade shows in Europe and other
international markets in order to promote our products.

building a stronger international sales network. Our acquisition in France marks
an important step for American Lorain along with our sustained marketing and
operating efforts in Japan as well as domestic China. France is in a central
position in Europe&#146;s food supply as well as logistics
 and this acquisition will
potentially enable American Lorain to achieve a strategic position in the
chestnut industry in Europe
 yielding significant synergy together with our
China operations. We will provide strong support for raw material as well as
procurement of Asian food supplies in China
 and will also be able to take full
advantage of Athena&#146;s existing sales channels in Europe to supply not only
chestnuts but also other food products desired by the European market.



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

      customers; 

    

      bases; 

    
    

    

      food exhibitions and trade conferences. 

advertising in the past
 and our advertising budget continues to be limited. In
2015 our marketing and branding efforts included supermarket advertising and
internet advertising. 

given the consumer nature for many of our products. For the near future
 our
marketing efforts will continue to focus primarily on the domestic Chinese and
European markets for our chestnut and convenience food products.






 both globally and in China.
We do not have a significant market share in any of our business segments.


uniqueness of our products
 quality
 price and brand recognition. We also
utilize our proprietary
 patented and patent-pending technology in the
production of our chestnut products to our competitive advantage.

Our principal competitors in the chestnut product market are currently Hebei
Liyuan
 a Chinese company
 and Foodwell Corporation
 a South Korean company and
Concept Fruit
 a European company. 


mostly upon quality and product variety. We attempt to use our modern food
processing technology
 such as nitrogen preservation
 to produce a wide variety
of high quality convenience foods.

we do not face competitive pressure from any particular competitor or small
group of competitors.


 competition is based
primarily upon quality
 ability to provide a reliable product supply and
customer relationships.

are currently Beijing Liliangzi Food Co. Ltd.
 Hangzhou Dadi Food Co. Ltd. and
Tianjin Jinkaili Food Co. Ltd.
 all of which are located in China. 


both domestically and internationally.

China
 Japan and South Korea over the past 17 years. Our customers are willing
to pay a premium for some of our chestnut products because of our brand equity.
In addition
 we believe that we have a strong distribution channel for our
products in the markets in which we currently operate.

greater selection and a more reliable supply than many of our competitors
 which
is especially important for our supermarket chain and large wholesaler
customers. We produced 59 chestnut products in 2015. We believe that we are the
only provider of certain bottom-open chestnut and sweetheart chestnut products
in China.

companies. We believe that we have a lower labor cost structure and a more
abundant labor supply than many of our international competitors.

seek to locate our production facilities in close proximity to our main domestic
sources of raw material supply to reduce transportation costs and give us
first-hand knowledge of market factors affecting our cost of raw material
supply. Our agricultural self-supply program
 while modest at present
 is
expected to grow and to become a significant element of our cost containment
efforts.

formulation and manufacturing processes to create high quality products.
Nitrogen preservation in particular
 used in the production of convenience
foods
 is an innovative technology which has not been widely applied in
China.

2015
 we were successfully granted 4 new patents. We applied for three patents to
State Intellectual Property Office of the PRC during 2015. In addition
 as of
December 31
 2015
 we possessed 16 patents for utility models and 15 patents for
appearance design. See &#147;Intellectual Property&#148; below.) We believe that our
technology gives us an advantage over our Chinese and international competitors
allowing us to produce chestnut and convenience food products that are superior
in quality and to offer more product varieties.





competitiveness. We maintain high food safety standards
 in order to satisfy
both domestic and international requirements. We also regularly conduct tests
for quality of our products and compliance with standards.




of our products sold in China. 


Office of the PRC during 2012
 including the preparation of aerated snack beans
and frozen bottom open chestnuts. One patent for preparation of liquor preserved
fish and soup was approved in 2013. In 2014
 our patent application during 2012
for the preservation
 storage and processing procedures for chestnuts was
approved. We made application for three patents to State Intellectual Property
Office of the PRC during 2015. 

 we also possess 16
patents for utility models and 15 patents for appearance design.

and trade secrets
 such as limiting disclosure of proprietary plans
 methods and
other similar information on a need-to-know basis and requiring employees with
access to our proprietary technology to enter into confidentiality arrangements.
We believe that our proprietary technology and trade secrets are adequately
protected.


 2015
 we had a total of 3
150 employees.
Approximately 1600 of our full-time employees are directly employed by our
subsidiary companies and the remaining employees are employed by outsourcing
agents that we use to meet our staffing needs. As required by Chinese law
 all
employees are party to a written employment contract. We compensate the
employees outsourced from agents directly and pay agents a service fee. Agents
are responsible for the pension and social insurance benefits of the leased
employees
 as described below.

both direct and leased
 by job function.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
    










    







    
    
    
    

    


    



    
    
    
    

    


    



    
    
    
    

    


    



    
    
    
    

    


    



    
    
    
    

    







employees is good. We have not experienced any significant problems or
disruption to our operations due to labor disputes
 nor have we experienced any
difficulties in recruitment and retention of experienced staff.





department for the purpose of advancing employee welfare
 encouraging employee
participation in decision making and enhancing relations among employees and
between employees and our management team.

(piece work) and compensate other employees with a base salary and bonus based
on performance. We also provide training for our staffs from time to time to
enhance their technical and product knowledge
 including knowledge of industry
quality standards.

types of social insurance organized by municipal and provincial governments.
Outsourcing agents are responsible for contributions on behalf of the leased
employees.


objectives:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

      products. 

facilities. In total
 50 employees are dedicated to research and
development.

modification and development of our products. We also utilize customer feedback
to assist us in the development of new products. In 2015
 we added 6 new
products in our chestnuts
 convenience foods and frozen foods segments.

during the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014 was not a material portion of
our total expenses for those years.


 we are
subject to regulations of China&#146;s Agricultural Ministry and Ministry of Health.
This regulatory scheme governs the manufacture (including composition and
ingredients)
 labeling
 packaging and safety of food. It also regulates
manufacturing practices
 including quality assurance programs
 for foods through
its current manufacturing practice regulations
 and specifies the standards of
identity for certain foods.

products that requires the approval under regulations
 including chestnuts
frozen vegetables and fruits
 fish
 and canned products. Production of new
products that do not fall into categories of products would require separate
approval from the appropriate Chinese authorities. We have consistently obtained
such approvals for our newly developed products in the past and do not
anticipate any difficulties in obtaining new approvals in the future if
needed.

 we are required to obtain governmental approval
and to register with the State Administration for Industry and Commerce
 in
order to open a new facility in China. We have consistently obtained such
approvals
 and made such registrations
 for our new facilities in the past and
do not anticipate any difficulties in filing new registrations and obtaining new
approvals in the future if needed.

unless an exporter&#146;s products are exempted from inspection
 products must be
inspected in accordance with the Law of the PRC on Import and Export Commodity
Inspection. We have not been exempted from inspection. In the past
 we were
authorized by the relevant authorities to conduct self-inspection of certain of
our export products. However
 currently
 the relevant authorities have imposed
tighter food safety control in China
 and as a result
 all of our exported food
products must be inspected by relevant government agencies. We believe that all
of our exported products are currently in compliance with such requirements and
we do not anticipate any difficulties in complying with such rules in the
future.





 we are required to obtain a license from the local
branch of the Entry-Exit Inspection and Quarantine Bureau of China for our
exported products. We have consistently obtained such licenses in the past and
we do not anticipate any difficulties in obtaining such licenses in the
future.



We may not be able to obtain an adequate supply of high
quality raw materials. 

agricultural products
 including chestnuts
 vegetables
 fruits
 red meat
 fish
eggs
 rice
 flour and packaging products. During 2015
 the cost of our raw
materials decreased from $146
601
039 to $143
226
607
 a decrease of
approximately 2.3% . We may have to increase the number of our suppliers of raw
materials and expand our own agricultural operations in the future to meet
growing production demands. Despite our efforts to control our supply of raw
materials and maintain good relationships with our suppliers
 we could lose one
or more of our suppliers at any time. The loss of several suppliers may be
difficult to replace and could increase our reliance on higher cost or lower
quality suppliers
 which could negatively affect our profitability. In addition
if we have to increase the number of our suppliers of raw materials in the
future to meet growing production demands
 we may not be able to locate new
suppliers who could provide us with sufficient materials to meet our needs. Any
interruptions to
 or decline in
 the amount or quality of our raw materials
supply could materially disrupt our production and adversely affect our business
and financial condition and financial prospects. 
The prices that we have paid for our raw materials
recently have experienced significant fluctuation. If these price fluctuations
continue
 our profit margins may be materially adversely affected. 

and 2014 was approximately $1
600 per metric ton and $1
536 per metric ton
respectively
 excluding value added taxes. We do not currently hedge against
changes in our raw material prices. Consequently
 if the costs of our raw
materials increase further
 and we are unable to offset these increases by
raising the prices of our products
 our profit margins and financial condition
could be adversely affected.
Price inflation in China could affect our results of
operation if we are unable to pass along raw material price increases to our
customers. 

years. Because we purchase raw materials from suppliers in China
 price
inflation directly causes an increase in the cost of our raw materials. Price
inflation could affect our results of operation if we are unable to pass along
raw material price increases to customers. In addition
 if inflationary trends
continue in China
 China could lose its competitive advantage as a low-cost
manufacturing venue
 which could in turn lessen some of the competitive
advantages of our being based in China. Accordingly
 inflation in China may
weaken our competitiveness domestically or in international markets.
Our sales and reputation may be affected by product
liability claims
 litigation or
 product recalls in relation to our products.


risk of injury to consumers. We face risks associated with product liability
claims
 litigation
 or product recalls
 if our products cause injury or become
adulterated or misbranded. Our products are subject to product tampering and
contamination
 such as mold
 bacteria
 insects
 shell fragments and off-flavor
contamination
 during any of the procurement
 production
 transportation and
storage processes. If any of our products were to be tampered with
 or become
tainted in any of these respects
 and we were unable to detect this
 our
products could be subject to product liability claims or product recalls. Our
ability to sell products could be reduced if certain pesticides
 herbicides or
other chemicals used by growers have left harmful residues on portions of our
raw materials or if our raw materials have been contaminated by other agents.


experienced product liability claims that were made by our customers. The
amounts of such claims were immaterial. However
 claims of product defect or
product liability for material amounts
 individually or in the aggregate
 may be
made in the future.





insurance policy for our business
 as the insurance industry in China is still
in an early stage of development. To the extent that we suffer a loss of a type
which would normally be covered by product liability or general liability
insurance in the United States
 we would incur significant expenses in defending
any action against us and in paying any claims that result from a settlement or
judgment against us. Product liability claims and product recalls could have a
material adverse effect on the demand for our products and on our business
goodwill and reputation. Adverse publicity could result in a loss of consumer
confidence in our products.
We may be unable to manage future rapid growth.


increased from $27
735
833 in 2004 to $215
315
437 in 2015. The number of
product types we sold increased from approximately 100 in 2004 to approximately
238 in 2015. We intend to continue to expand the volume and variety of products
we offer
 as well as the geographical scope of our sales and production
facilities. Our business growth could place a significant strain on our
managerial
 operational and financial resources. Our ability to manage future
growth will depend on our ability to continue to implement and improve
operational
 financial and management information systems on a timely basis and
to expand
 train
 motivate and manage our workforce. Our personnel
 systems
procedures and controls may not be adequate to support our future growth.
Failure to effectively manage our expansion may lead to increased costs
 a
decline in sales and reduced profitability.
Our expansion strategy may not prove successful and could
adversely affect our existing business. 

operations
 including new production lines and agricultural operations. We plan
to expand our sales in China and internationally. We will need to engage in
various forms of promotional and marketing activities in order to further
develop the branding of our products and to increase our market share in new and
existing markets. The implementation of this strategy may involve large
transactions and present financial
 managerial and operational challenges. We
could also experience financial or other setbacks if any of our growth
strategies incur problems of which we are not presently aware. If we fail to
generate sufficient sales in new markets or increase our sales in existing
markets
 we may not be able to recover the production
 distribution
 promotional
and marketing expenses
 as well as administrative costs we have incurred in
developing such markets.
Our results of operations could be affected by natural
events in the locations in which our customers operate. 

customers have operations in locations that are subject to natural disasters
such as severe weather and geological events
 which could disrupt the operations
of those customers and suppliers as well as our operations. If our customers
suffer from these events
 their operations may be negatively impacted. As a
result
 some or all of those customers may reduce their orders for our products
which could adversely affect our revenue and results of operations.
The acquisition of other businesses could pose risks to
our profitability. 

proposed acquisition could result in accounting charges
 potentially dilutive
issuances of equity securities
 and increased debt and contingent liabilities
any of which could have a material adverse effect on our existing business and
the market price of our common stock. Acquisitions
 in general
 entail many
risks
 including risks relating to the failed integration of the acquired
operations
 diversion of management&#146;s attention
 and the potential loss of key
employees of the acquired organizations. We may be unable to successfully
integrate businesses or the personnel of any business that might be acquired in
the future
 and our failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our
business and on the market price of our common stock.
We are subject to risks of doing business
internationally. If the international market does not grow as we expect
 our
business and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Our export sales destinations include countries in Asia and Europe. Our international operations are subject to a number of
inherent risks
 including:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

      internationally
 especially in Western countries; 

    

      including disruptions in trading markets; 

    

      including restrictions on transfers of funds and trade; 

    

 including export duties
      and quotas and customs tariffs; 

    

  





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

 tsunamis
 floods or other major
      disasters may limit the imported food products; and 

    

  

effect on our operating results.
A significant amount of our revenues is dependent on a
limited number of customers and the loss of any one of our major customers could
materially and adversely affect our growth and our revenues. 

derived from a limited number of customers
 particularly in our chestnut
products segment. Sales to our ten largest customers accounted for approximately
12.3% and 12.2% of our total revenues in 2015 and 2014
 respectively. The loss
of any one of these customers
 or a material decrease in purchases by any one of
these customers
 could adversely impact our revenues.
We rely primarily on distributors to sell our products.
Any delays in delivery or poor handling by our distributors or third-party
transport operators may affect our sales and damage our reputation. 

 we sold our products through over 200 distribution
service providers. The services provided could be suspended and could cause
interruption to the supply of our products to domestic or overseas customers.
Delivery disruptions may occur for various reasons beyond our control
 including
poor handling by service providers or third party transport operators
transportation bottlenecks
 natural disasters and labor strikes
 and could lead
to delayed
 damaged or lost deliveries. If our products are not delivered in a
timely manner
 our reputation could be harmed. If our products are damaged in
the process of being delivered
 we may be liable to pay for such damages
incurred.
Failure of the market to accept our new products
 or
failure to obtain regulatory approval for our new products
 may cause us to lose
our competitive position in the food industry. 

 6 new products in 2013
 3
new products in 2014 and 6 new products in 2015. We plan to introduce
approximately 10 new products in 2016. The success of the new products we
introduce depends on our ability to anticipate the tastes and dietary habits of
consumers and to offer products that appeal to their preferences. We intend to
introduce new products as well as alternative flavors
 sizes and packaging for
our existing products. We may not be able to gain market acceptance for our new
products. Consumer preferences change
 and any new products that we introduce
may fail to meet the particular tastes or requirements of consumers
 or may be
unable to replace their existing preferences. Our failure to anticipate
identify or react to these particular tastes or changes could result in reduced
demand for our products
 which could in turn cause us to be unable to recover
our development
 production and marketing costs.
We are dependent on certain key personnel and loss of
these key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our research and
development
 operations and revenue. 

 our
chairman and chief executive officer. Mr. Chen
 together with other senior
management
 has been a key driver of our strategy and has been fundamental to
our achievements to date. The successful management of our business is
 to a
considerable extent
 dependent on the services of Mr. Chen and other senior
management. We compete for qualified personnel with other food processing
companies
 food retailers and research institutions. Consequently
 we may either
lose key employees to our competitors or we may need to significantly increase
the compensation of such employees in order to retain them. The loss of the
services of any key management employee or failure to recruit a suitable or
comparable replacement could have a significant impact upon our ability to
manage our business effectively
 and our business and future growth may be
adversely affected.
We face increasing competition from domestic and foreign
companies. 

compete against other national and international enterprises is
 to a
significant extent
 dependent on our ability to distinguish our products from
those of our competitors by providing large volumes of high quality products
that appeal to consumers&#146; tastes and preferences at reasonable prices. Some of
our competitors have been in business longer than we have and are more
established. Our competitors may provide products comparable or superior to
those we provide or adapt more quickly than we do to evolving industry trends or
changing market requirements. Increased competition may result in price
reductions
 higher raw materials prices
 reduced margins and loss of market
share
 any of which could materially adversely affect our profit margins.




An increase in the cost of energy could affect our
profitability.

 we might experience
significant increases in energy costs in the future
 which would result in
higher distribution
 freight and other operating costs. Our future operating
expenses and margins will be dependent on our ability to manage the impact of
cost increases.
Our products are subject to counterfeiting or imitation
which could impact our reputation. 

 we have experienced limited counterfeiting and
imitation of our products. However
 counterfeiting or imitation of our products
may occur in the future and we may not be able to detect it and deal with it
effectively. Any occurrence of counterfeiting or imitation could impact
negatively upon our reputation
 particularly if the counterfeit or imitation
products cause sickness
 or injury to consumers. In addition
 counterfeit or
imitation products could result in our need to incur costs with respect to the
detection or prosecution of such activities.
We may face challenges in expanding our cross-border
operations 

into existing and other markets
 we will face risks associated with expanding
into markets in which we have limited or no experience. The expansion of our
cross-border business will also expose us to risks relating to staffing and
managing cross-border operations
 tariffs and other trade barriers
 differing
and potentially adverse tax consequences
 increased and conflicting regulatory
compliance requirements and policies
 lack of acceptance of our products
challenges caused by distance
 language and cultural differences
 exchange rate
risk and political instability. Accordingly
 any efforts we make to expand our
cross-border operations may not be successful
 which could limit our ability to
grow our revenue
 net income and profitability. 

We are subject to extensive regulations by the Chinese
government. 

Chinese government agencies. Among other things
 these regulations govern the
manufacturing
 importation
 processing
 packaging
 storage
 exportation
distribution and labeling of our products. New or amended statutes and
regulations
 increased production at our existing facilities
 and our expansion
into new operations and jurisdictions may require us to obtain new licenses and
permits and could require us to change our methods of operations at costs that
could be substantial.
Our failure to comply with PRC environmental laws may
require us to incur significant costs. 

environmental protection laws and regulations. These laws and regulations
require enterprises engaged in manufacturing and construction that may cause
environmental waste to adopt effective measures to control such waste. In
addition
 such enterprises are required to pay fines
 or to cease operations
entirely under extreme circumstances
 should they discharge waste substances.
The Chinese government may also change the existing laws or regulations or
impose additional or stricter laws or regulations
 compliance with which may
cause us to incur significant capital expenditures
 which we may be unable to
pass on to our customers through higher prices for our products.
Our failure to comply with PRC hygiene laws may require
us to incur significant costs. 

compliance with PRC food hygiene laws and regulations. These food hygiene laws
require all enterprises engaged in the production of chestnuts and various
vegetables and fruits to obtain a hygiene license for each of their production
facilities. Such laws also require manufacturers to comply with regulations with
respect to food
 food additives
 packaging
 and food production sites
facilities and equipment. Failure to comply with PRC food hygiene laws may
result in fines
 suspension of operations
 loss of hygiene licenses and
 in more
extreme cases
 criminal proceedings against an enterprise and its management.
The Chinese government may also change the existing laws or regulations or
impose additional or stricter laws or regulations
 compliance with which may
cause us to incur significant capital expenditures
 which we may be unable to
pass on to our customers through higher prices for our products.

Our operations are cash intensive
 and our business could
be adversely affected if we fail to maintain sufficient levels of working
capital. 

principally to procure raw materials for our products. Many of our suppliers
including chestnut
 vegetable and fruit farmers
 and suppliers of packaging
materials
 do not allow us to pay on credit. However
 some of the suppliers with
whom we have a long-standing business relationship allow us to pay on credit. We
fund the majority of our working capital requirements out of cash flow generated
from operations. If we fail to generate sufficient sales
 or if our suppliers
stop offering us credit terms
 we may not have sufficient liquidity to fund our
operating costs and our business could be adversely affected.





requirements from the proceeds of short-term loans from Chinese and overseas
banks. Our average loan balance from short-term bank loans in 2016 was
approximately $39.0 million. We expect to continue to do so in the future. Such
loans are generally secured by our fixed assets
 receivables and/or guarantees
by third parties. The term of almost all such loans is one year or less.
Historically
 we have rolled over such loans on an annual basis. However
 we may
not be able to roll over such loans in the future or may not have sufficient
funds available to pay all of our borrowings upon maturity. Failure to roll over
our short-term borrowings at maturity or to service our debt could result in the
imposition of penalties
 including increases in rates of interest
 legal actions
against us by our creditors
 or even insolvency.

cash flows from operations and current and expected short-term bank loans will
be adequate to satisfy our liquidity requirements through 2016. However
 if
available liquidity is not sufficient to meet our operating and loan obligations
as they come due
 our plans include considering pursuing alternative financing
arrangements or further reducing expenditures as necessary to meet our cash
requirements. However
 there is no assurance that
 if required
 we will be able
to raise additional capital or reduce discretionary spending to provide the
required liquidity. Currently
 the capital markets for small capitalization
companies are difficult and banking institutions have become stringent in their
lending requirements. Accordingly
 we cannot be sure of the availability or
terms of any third party financing.
We are subject to credit risk in respect of accounts
receivables. 

 some of our customers
 including some of our
large supermarket customers
 delayed their payments for up to 60 to 90 days
beyond their term. Our cash flow suffered while waiting for such payments.
Consequently
 at times we had to delay payments to our suppliers and to postpone
business expansion as a result of these delayed payments. Starting in 2008 and
through 2015
 we gradually shortened credit terms for many of our international
and domestic customers from between 30 and 180 days to between 30 and 60 days.
Our large customers may fail to meet these shortened credit terms
 in which case
we may not have sufficient cash flow to fund our operating costs and our
business could be adversely affected.
We may enter into additional financing agreements which
may have a dilutive effect to our earnings per share and the rights of certain
stockholders. 

our earnings per share or the issuance of securities with rights superior to our
current outstanding securities. We may also grant registration rights to
investors purchasing our equity or debt securities in the future.
We may be unable to raise additional capital.


 we
may be unable to implement our long-term business plan
 develop or enhance our
products and services
 take advantage of future opportunities or respond to
competitive pressures on a timely basis
 if at all. In addition
 a lack of
additional financing could force us to substantially curtail or cease
operations.
We may be exposed to potential risks relating to our
internal control over financial reporting and our ability to have such controls
attested to by our independent auditors. 

 under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
adopted rules requiring public companies to provide in their annual reports on
Form 10-K a report by management with respect to the company&#146;s disclosure
controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We are
currently required to comply with this requirement. In addition
 such rules
require the independent registered public accounting firm auditing a company&#146;s
financial statements to attest to the operating effectiveness of such company&#146;s
internal controls. However
 because we are a smaller reporting company
 we are
not required to receive an attestation report from a registered public
accounting firm. We can provide no assurance that we will comply with all of the
requirements imposed thereby. Further
 we cannot assure that we will receive a
positive attestation from our independent auditors. Investors and others may
lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements in the event we
identify significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal
controls that we cannot remediate in a timely manner or if we are unable to
receive a positive attestation from our independent auditors with respect to our
internal controls.





Changes in China&#146;s political or economic situation could
harm us and our operating results. 

positive effect on the economic development of the country. However
 the Chinese
government could change these economic reforms at any time. Such changes could
negatively impact our operations and profitability.
The structure of the Chinese economy may inhibit our
ability to expand our business. 

countries belonging to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and
Development
 or OECD
 in several ways. For example
 state-owned enterprises
constitute a large portion of the Chinese economy. In addition
 weak corporate
governance practices and the lack of flexible currency exchange policies
continue to persist. As a result of these differences
 we may not develop in the
same way or at the same rate as might be expected if the Chinese economy were
similar to those of the OECD member countries.
Our business is largely subject to the uncertain legal
environment in China. 

statutes. Unlike common law systems
 it is a system in which precedents set in
earlier legal cases are not generally used. Laws
 regulations and legal
requirements relating to foreign investments in China are still evolving
 and
their interpretation and enforcement involve uncertainties. These uncertainties
could limit the legal protections available to foreign investors
 such as the
right of foreign enterprises to hold required business licenses and permits.
It may be difficult for our stockholders to effect
service of process against our subsidiaries or our officers and directors.


China and France and substantially all of their assets are located outside the
U.S. In addition
 our executive officers and directors are residents of China
and substantially all of their assets are located outside the U.S. As a result
it could be difficult for our stockholders to effect service of process in the
U.S.
 or to enforce a judgment obtained in the U.S.
 against our officers and
directors in China.
Restrictions on currency exchange may limit our ability
to receive and use our revenues effectively. 

dollars
 and any future restrictions on currency exchanges may limit our ability
to use revenue generated in Renminbi to fund any future business activities
outside China or to make dividends or other payments in U.S. dollars. Although
the Chinese government introduced regulations in 1996 to allow greater
convertibility of the Renminbi for current account transactions
 significant
restrictions still remain. For instance
 foreign enterprises may only buy
 sell
or remit foreign currencies after providing valid commercial documents at banks
in China authorized to conduct foreign exchange business. In addition
conversion of Renminbi for capital account items
 including direct investment
and loans
 is subject to governmental approval in China
 and companies are
required to open and maintain separate foreign exchange accounts for capital
account items. The Chinese regulatory authorities may impose more stringent
restrictions on the convertibility of the Renminbi in the future.
Failure to comply with PRC regulations relating to the
establishment of offshore special purpose companies by PRC residents may have
negative effects on our company. 

 the PRC State Administration of Foreign
Exchange
 or SAFE
 issued the Notice on Relevant Issues in the Foreign Exchange
Control over Financing and Return Investment Through Special Purpose Companies
by Residents Inside China
 generally referred to as Circular 75
 which required
PRC residents to register with the local SAFE branch before establishing or
acquiring control over an offshore special purpose vehicle
 or SPV
 for the
purpose of engaging in an equity financing outside of China on the strength of
domestic PRC assets originally held by those residents. Internal implementing
guidelines issued by SAFE
 which became public in June 2007 (known as Notice
106)
 further expanded the reach of Circular 75.

controlled by Si Chen
 our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Pursuant to
Circular 75 and Notice 106
 if a PRC resident has completed a round-trip
investment through its established SPV but has not yet completed the required
procedures of SAFE registration for offshore investment of the SPV
 he must
retroactively register the SPV with SAFE.

 a
Japanese individual
 Hisashi Akazawa
 was designated as a nominee holder of ILH
when ILH was established. Mr. Akazawa granted an option to our Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
 Mr. Chen
 allowing Mr. Chen to buy 90% of Mr. Akazawa&#146;s
interest in the Company at a fixed price at a future time in accordance with the
terms of an option agreement between the two parties. On December 22
 2008
 Mr. Chen exercised this option. In addition
 on that date
 Mr.
Chen acquired all of the remaining shares of our company held by Mr. Akazawa. As
a result
 Mr. Chen is the beneficiary of ILH and may be required to register
with and obtain approvals from SAFE or its agency with respect to the direct
offshore investment activities related to the acquisition of the Lorain Group
Companies.





beneficial owner of ILH is determined by the PRC authorities to be a serious
violation of the requirements of the PRC Company Law and the PRC Regulation of
Registration of Companies
 the Lorain Group Companies may be ordered by the
company registration authority in the PRC to make corrections on its filed
registration
 to be fined an amount no less than RMB 5
000 and no more than RMB
50
000 or
 in the worse scenario
 to have its company registration certificate
revoked or its business licenses canceled.

 2014
 the SAFE issued the Circular Relating to
  Foreign Exchange Administration of Offshore Investment
 Financing and Roundtrip
  Investment by Domestic Residents Through Special Purpose Vehicles
 or Circular
  37. Circular 37 repeals and replaces the Notice Concerning Foreign Exchange
  Controls on Domestic Residents&#146; Financing and Roundtrip Investment Through
  Offshore Special Purpose Vehicles
 or Circular 75. Under Circular 37
 PRC
  residents are required to register with the SAFE or its local branches prior to
  establishing
 or acquiring control of
 an offshore company for the purpose of
  investment or financing that offshore company with equity interests in
 or
  assets of
 a PRC enterprise or with offshore equity interest or assets legally
  held by such PRC resident. In addition
 PRC residents are required to amend
  their registrations with the SAFE and its local branches to reflect any material
  changes with respect to such PRC resident&#146;s investment in such offshore company
  including changes to basic information of such PRC resident
 increase or
  decrease in capital
 share transfer or share swap
 merger or division. In the
  event that a PRC shareholder fails to make the required registration or update
  the previously filed registration
 the PRC subsidiaries of that offshore special
  purpose vehicle may be prohibited from distributing their profits and the
  proceeds from any reduction in capital
 share transfer or liquidation to their
  offshore parent company
 and the offshore parent company may also be prohibited
  from contributing additional capital into its PRC subsidiaries. Furthermore
  failure to comply with the various foreign exchange registration requirements
  described above could result in liability under the PRC laws for evasion of
applicable foreign exchange restrictions. 

the SAFE regulations to make the necessary registrations under the SAFE
regulations. However
 we may not be fully informed of the identities of the
beneficial owners of our company. We do not have control over our beneficial
owners and cannot assure you that all of our PRC resident beneficial owners will
comply with SAFE regulations. The failure of our beneficial owners who are PRC
residents to comply with these SAFE registrations may subject such beneficial
owners or our PRC subsidiaries to fines and legal sanctions. Furthermore
 since
Circular 37 was recently promulgated and it is unclear how this regulation
 and
any future regulation concerning offshore or cross-border transactions
 will be
interpreted
 amended and implemented by the relevant PRC government authorities
we cannot predict how these regulations will affect our business operations or
future strategy. Failure to register or comply with relevant requirements may
also limit our ability to contribute additional capital to our PRC subsidiaries
and limit our PRC subsidiaries&#146; ability to distribute dividends to our company.
These risks may have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial
condition and results of operations. 

 characterize and register Mr. Chen
as a beneficial owner of ILH is determined by the PRC authorities to be a violation of the requirements of
registration and disclosure under new Circular 37
 the Lorain Group Companies
may be ordered by the authority in the PRC to make corrections on its filed
registration
 to be fined an amount up to RMB 50
000 for Mr. Chen and up to RMB
300
000 for the Lorain Group Companies.

 since Circular 37 was recently promulgated and it
is unclear how this regulation
 and any future regulation concerning offshore or
cross-border transactions
 will be interpreted
 amended and implemented by the
relevant PRC government authorities
 we cannot predict how these regulations
will affect our business operations or future strategy. Failure to register or
comply with relevant requirements may also limit our ability to contribute
additional capital to our PRC subsidiaries and limit our PRC subsidiaries&#146;
ability to distribute dividends to our company. These risks may have a material
adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

Our financial condition is affected by the foreign
exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the Renminbi. 

rates
 primarily the rate between the U.S. dollar and the Renminbi
 as well as
Euro and Renminbi. In the event that the Renminbi appreciates against the U.S.
dollar and Euro
 our costs will increase.

Certain of our stockholders have the ability to delay or
prevent adoption of important business decisions based on their ownership of a
significant percentage of our outstanding voting securities. 

outstanding voting securities. As a result
 he possesses significant influence
over our business. For instance
 Mr. Chen may have significant power in the
election of our board of directors
 authorize significant corporate transactions
or prevent a future change in control of our company.
Certain provisions of our Articles of Incorporation may
make it more difficult for a third party to effect a change-in-control.


to issue up to 5
000
000 shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval.
The preferred stock may be issued in one or more series
 the terms of which may
be determined at the time of issuance by the board of directors without further
action by the stockholders. These terms may contain voting rights
 including the
right to vote as a series on particular matters
 preferences as to dividends and
liquidation
 conversion rights and redemption rights provisions. The issuance of
any preferred stock could diminish the rights of holders of our common stock
and therefore could reduce the value of such common stock. In addition
 specific
rights granted to future holders of preferred stock could be used to restrict
our ability to merge with
 or sell assets to
 a third party. The ability of our
board of directors to issue preferred stock could make it more difficult to
acquire our company and could negatively affect the market price of our common
stock.




We do not expect to pay dividends in the future
 and any
return on your investment may be limited to the value of the shares you acquire.


our common stock as of April 16
 2007
 we have never declared or paid cash
dividends. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in
the foreseeable future and any return on your investment may be limited to the
value of the shares of our common stock that you acquire. We currently intend to
retain and use any future earnings for the development and expansion of our
business.




 which are owned except where otherwise
indicated
 are as follows:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    




  

    
    
    
  

    


    
  

    




    

    
    
    
    

    


    
    

    




    

    
    
    
    

    


    
    

    




    

    
    
    
    

    


    
    

    




    

    
    
    
    

    


    
    

    




    

    
    
    
    

    


    
    

    
    


    

including refrigerated storage facilities
 and smaller offices
 including sales
offices
 located in China.

 we currently have land use rights to
 or
lease
 79 properties with approximately 380
473 square meters
 consisting of
manufacturing facilities
 office buildings and land reserved for future
expansion. We believe our current facilities provide adequate capacity for our
current and projected needs.

companies are permitted to acquire land use rights for specific purposes. In the
case of land used for industrial purposes
 the land use rights are granted for a
period of up to 50 years. This period may be renewed at the expiration of the
initial and any subsequent terms. Granted land use rights are transferable and
may be used as security for borrowings and other obligations.


Shandong Province
 which was initially filed by Shandong Lorain
 a subsidiary of
the Company
 against Junan Hengji Real Estate Development Co.
 Ltd. (Junan
Hengji) in November 2013 at Linyi City Intermediate People's Court of Shandong
Province (the Linyi Court).





Group Co.
 Ltd. (Heng An Investment) as a co-defendant after the case was
first filed at Linyi Court. 

 Shandong Lorain and Junan Hengji entered
into a cooperative development agreement (the Agreement) and in March 2011
Heng An Investment
 an affiliated company of Junan Hengji also entered into the
Agreement with Shandong Lorain to jointly develop the project with Junan Hengji.
Pursuant to the Agreement
 Junan Henji and Heng An Investment are required to
pay Shandong Lorain a total RMB 20 million (approximately $3
225
806) fixed
return according to the development status of the project developed by Junan
Hengji and Heng An Investment. The payment was due and unpaid to Shandong
Lorain. Shandong Lorain and the Company evaluated the potential claims against
Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment
 disputes between the parties with respect
to out of pocket expenses paid by Junan Hengji
 as well as the litigation fee
that is required to be paid to the court based upon the amount claimed. Ultimately
 Shandong Lorain decided to
file the lawsuit with Linyi Court to claim a fixed return of RMB 10 million
(approximately $1
636
902) first.

 the Linyi Court had its first trial session.
During the trial
 Heng An Investment filed a counterclaim against Shandong
Lorain for repayment of out of pocket expenses which would off-set the entire
fixed return plus additional unpaid expenses of RMB 4
746
927 (approximately
$765
633). Shandong Lorain responded that Heng An Investment does not have
standing to file the counter-claim because the out of pocket payments were made
by Junan Hengji. In November 2014
 the court had a second trial session and
completed its discovery process. On March 21
 2015
 Shandong Lorain received
Linyi Court's decision that rejected Shandong Lorain's claim for RMB 10
000
000
against Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment. On April 3
 2015
 Shandong Lorain
appealed the decision to the Supreme Court of Shandong Province. In November
2015
 Supreme Court of Shandong Province vacated the decision of the Linyi Court
and remanded the case back to the Linyi Court for a retrial. The retrial is
scheduled at the end of April
 2016.







ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#146;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 


 2016 the closing price for our common stock was $1.08 per
share.

 for the periods indicated
 the
high and low sales prices of our common stock. These prices reflect inter-dealer
prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission
 and may not represent
actual transactions.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
  



    
    
    
    
    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

Approximate Number of Holders of Our Common
Stock

 2016
 there were 311 stockholders of record of
our common stock. This does not include the holders whose shares are held in a
depository trust in &#147;street&#148; name.


payment of a dividend in April 2007 in connection with our reverse merger. Any
future decisions regarding dividends will be made by our board of directors. We
currently intend to retain and use any future earnings for the
development and expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash
dividends in the foreseeable future.


Group Limited in March 2014. Under the terms of the Note
 interest on the
outstanding Principal Amount accrues at a rate of 4.5% per annum
 and all
accrued but unpaid interest is due and payable on June 30
 2014 and on the last
day of each quarter thereafter. If the Note is not converted pursuant to the
terms of the Note
 additional interest on the outstanding Principal Amount shall
accrue at a rate of 4.5% per annum and payable at the maturity of the Note.
Unless the Note is otherwise accelerated or converted
 the unpaid Principal
Amount of the Note
 together with all accrued but unpaid interest
 is due and
payable
 at the election of the Holder
 on September 13
 2014 or March 13
 2015
(&#147;Maturity Date&#148;)
 provided
 however
 if Holder fails to notify the Company in
writing by August 13
 2014 that it elects the maturity date of September 13
2014
 then the Maturity Date will be extended to March 13
 2015. 

 under the terms of the Note
 at any time
commencing on or after September 13
 2014 and before March 13
 2015
 the Holder
at Holder&#146;s option and upon five (5) days prior written notice to the Company
may convert in whole or in part the outstanding Principal Amount into a number
of shares of Common Stock of the Company (&#147;Common Stock&#148;) on a per share
conversion price of $1.15 per share
 as may be adjusted from time to time
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Note (&#147;Conversion Price&#148;); provided
however
 the Company will not effect any conversion of the Note
 and the Holder
will not have the right to convert any portion of the Note
 to the extent (but
only to the extent) that the Holder would beneficially own in excess of the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below)
 which beneficial ownership
will be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934
 as amended. The &#147;Beneficial Ownership Limitation&#148; is 9.99% of the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to
the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Note.


 the
Company&#146;s chief executive officer and chairman. 

 2015
 the Company and Jade Lane Group Limited
entered into an agreement to repayment terms of the promissory note in the
amount of $3
500
000 issued to the Company on March 13
 2014. On April 20
 2015
the Company repaid the promissory note in form of both cash payment of $791
433
and conversion of 2
355
276 shares of common stock at a conversion price of
$1.15 per share. 

 2014 the Company&#146;s board of directors approved
the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (&#147;2014 Plan&#148;)
 which was approved at the annual
stockholders meeting on June 9
 2014. Subject to adjustment as provided in the
2014 Plan
 the total number of shares of Common Stock reserved and available for
delivery in connection with awards under the 2014 Plan is 3
000
000. In 2015
987
500 shares were issued to employees as stock awards under the 2014 plan.
Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans

herein by reference.






ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT&#146;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 


in Shandong Province
 China. We develop
 manufacture and sell the following
types of food products:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

 

    


 or RTC
      foods
 ready-to-eat
 or RTE
 foods and meals ready-to- eat
 or MRE); and
      

    
    

sold in the Chinese domestic markets as well as exported to foreign countries
and regions such as Japan
 South Korea and Europe. We believe that we are the
largest chestnut processor and manufacturer in China. We have developed brand
equity for our chestnut products in China
 Japan and South Korea over the past
17 years. We produced 238 products in 2015. We derive
most of our revenues from sales in China
 France and Japan. In 2016
 our primary
strategy is to continue building our brand recognition in China through
consistent marketing efforts towards supermarkets
 wholesalers
 and significant


factories
 and enhancing the turnover for our existing chestnut
 convenience and
frozen food products. In addition
 we are working to expand our marketing
efforts in Asia and Europe. We currently have limited sales and marketing
activity in the United States
 although our long-term plan is to significantly
expand our activities there. In addition
 we are working to developing new
products and developing new sales channels. 
Production Factors that Affect our Financial and
Operational Condition 

agricultural products
 including chestnuts
 vegetables
 fruits
 red meat
 fish
eggs
 rice
 flour and packaging products. During 2015
 the cost of our raw
materials decreased from $146
601
039 to $143
226
607 for a decrease of
approximately 2.3% . We may have to increase the number of our suppliers of raw
materials and expand our own agricultural operations in the future to meet
growing production demands. Despite our efforts to control our supply of raw
materials and maintain good relationships with our suppliers
 we could lose one
or more of our suppliers at any time. The loss of several suppliers may be
difficult to replace and could increase our reliance on higher cost or lower
quality suppliers
 which could negatively affect our profitability. In addition
if we have to increase the number of our suppliers of raw materials in the
future to meet growing production demands
 we may not be able to locate new
suppliers who could provide us with sufficient materials to meet our needs. Any
interruptions to
 or decline in
 the amount or quality of our raw materials
supply could materially disrupt our production and adversely affect our business
and financial condition and financial prospects.

domestic market in 2015 and 2014 was approximately $1
600 metric ton and $1
536
per metric ton
 respectively
 excluding value added taxes. In the past few
years
 increasing inflation pressures weighed on the Chinese economy which
reflected on agricultural product prices. We do not have effective means and do
not currently hedge against changes in our raw material prices. Consequently
 if
the costs of our raw materials increase further and we are unable to offset
these increases by raising the prices of our products
 our profit margins and
financial condition could be adversely affected.
Uncertainties that Affect our Financial Condition


principally to procure raw materials for our products. Many of our suppliers
including chestnut
 vegetable and fruit farmers
 and suppliers of packaging
materials
 require us to pay for their supplies in cash on the same day that
such supplies are delivered to us. However
 some of the suppliers with whom we
have a long-standing business relationship allow us to pay on credit. We fund
the majority of our working capital requirements out of cash flow generated from
operations. If we fail to generate sufficient sales
 or if our suppliers stop
offering us credit terms
 we may not have sufficient liquidity to fund our
operating costs and our business could be adversely affected.

capital requirements in 2015 and 2014
 respectively
 from the proceeds of
short-term loans from Chinese and foreign banks. We expect to continue to do so
in the future. Such loans are generally secured by our fixed assets
 receivables
and/or guarantees by third parties. Our average loan balance from short-term
bank loans in 2015 and 2014 were approximately $39.0 million and $39.9 million
respectively. The term of almost all such loans is one year or less.
Historically
 we have rolled over such loans on an annual basis. However
 in
recent years
 the Chinese government has implemented more stringent credit policies to curb inflation and soaring property prices
 which
could negatively impact our ability to obtain or roll over these short term
loans
 and hence not having sufficient funds available to pay all of our
borrowings upon maturity. Failure to roll over our short-term borrowings at
maturity or to service our debt could result in the imposition of penalties
including increases in rates of interest
 legal actions against us by our
creditors
 or even insolvency. We obtained long term loans
 private placement
financing and a convertible promissory note during the period 2011 to 2014. We can provide no
assurances that we will be able to enter into any future financing or
refinancing agreements on terms favorable to us
 especially considering the
current instability of the capital markets.





 including
cash flows from operations
 current and expected short-term bank loans will be
adequate to satisfy our liquidity requirements through 2016. However
 if
available liquidity is not sufficient to meet our operating and loan obligations
as they come due
 our plans include considering pursuing alternative financing
arrangements or further reducing expenditures as necessary to meet our cash
requirements. However
 there is no assurance that
 if required
 we will be able
to raise additional capital or reduce discretionary spending to provide the
required liquidity. Currently
 the capital markets for small capitalization
companies are difficult and banking institutions have become stringent in their
lending requirements. Accordingly
 we cannot be sure of the availability or
terms of any third party financing.

 some of our customers
 including some of our
large supermarket customers
 delayed their payments for up to 60 to 90 days
beyond their term. Our cash flow suffered while waiting for such payments.
Consequently
 at times we had to delay payments to our suppliers and to postpone
business expansion as a result of these delayed payments. Starting in 2008 and
through 2015 we gradually shortened credit terms for many of our international
and domestic customers from between 30 and 180 days to between 30 and 60 days.
Our large customers may fail to meet these shortened credit terms
 in which case
we may not have sufficient cash flow to fund our operating costs and our
business could be adversely affected.


operations for the periods indicated
 and the differences between the two
periods expressed in dollars and percentages.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
Year
      Ended
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
December
      31

    
    


    
    


    

    

    
2015
    
    
    
2014
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




















    

  

    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




















    

  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




















    

  

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    

Income from continuing
      operations




















    

  

    
      
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    














    




    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    




    




    




    

  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




















    

  

    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    

    








    




    




    



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    

    




















    



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    




Year Ended December 31
 2015 Compared to Year Ended December
31
 2014

. Net revenues decreased by $2.2 million
 or
approximately 1.0%
 to $215.3 million in 2015 from $217.5 million in 2014. This
decrease was attributable to the decreased revenues from sales of our chestnut
food products and convenience food products
 which was partially offset by increased
revenues from frozen food product segments as reflected in the following
table:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
Year Ended
      December 31

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    



472






037






564





    
    

    
    

526

    
    

874

    
    

347

    
    
    
    

    




315







641







674










    




315

    




553

    




238

    







approximately $32.8 million
 or approximately 23.5% in 2015. As a percentage of
total revenues
 revenues from the domestic PRC market increased to approximately
80.1% from approximately 64.2% in 2014. Revenue from sales in international
markets decreased by approximately $35.0 million
 or approximately 45.0% The
decrease is mainly due to a decrease in our revenue from Europe as a result of a
question raised by CTCPA
 with respect to the origin of canned chestnuts sold by
Conserverie Minerve (&#147;Minerve&#148;
 a former subsidiary of Athena) and Minerve
chestnuts come from a Chinese cultivar
 while CTCPA stated that only chestnuts
based on the European or Japanese cultivars can be used in canned chestnut
products sold in France according to CTCPA policies. The Company has since
shipped chestnuts based on the Japanese cultivar grown in China to Minerve. We
are also still in negotiation with CTCPA with respect to chestnuts based on the
Chinese cultivar. The Company initiated a reorganization proceeding with the
local court in September 2015 in order to have time to obtain IFS certification
and to address the CTCPA cultivar issue. The proceeding provides Minerve (now
Athena) protection from creditors initiating any actions against Athena. The
initial protection period expired in March 2016 and Athena has applied for an
extension of the protection period until September 2016.
 Our cost of revenues decreased $0.4
million
 or approximately 0.2%
 to $179.2 million in 2015 from $179.6 million in
2014
 as a result of decrease of net revenue.




. Our gross profit decreased $1.9 million
or 4.9%
 to $36.1 million in 2015 from $38.0 million in 2014
 mainly
attributed to the fact that net revenues decreased by $2.2 million. The gross
profit ratio decreased from 17.4% to 16.8% in 2015
 it is mainly attributes to
the reason that proportion of revenue from frozen foods in total sales increased
from 16.4% to 21.0%
 frozen foods products generates lower gross profit than chestnuts products
and convenience foods products. 

. Our selling and
marketing expenses decreased approximately $1.4 million
 or 12.0%
 to $10.2
million in
2015 from $11.6 million in 2014. The decrease is attributable to decreases of
transportation expense by 0.8 million in 2015. The Selling and Marketing Expense
to Revenue ratio was 4.8% in 2015 compared to 5.4% in 2014
 management believes
the expense incurred is reasonable.
 Our general and
administrative expenses increased approximately $1.2 million
 or 11.0%
 to $11.8
million in 2015 from $10.6 million in 2014. The increase is mainly due to the
fact that the Company issued 987
500 shares as stock compensation to certain
management and employees and directors in 2015
 in the current period
 for which we
recorded expense amounting to $1.3 million.


million in 2014 to $2.5 million in 2015
 representing grants received mostly
from the Junan County
 Beijing and Luotian government to assist us in our
research and business development.
Income Before Taxation and Non-Controlling
Interest

$4.2 million
 or 55.6%
 to $3.3 million in 2015 from $7.5 million in 2014
 mainly due to
provision for $6.8 million impairment loss of
goodwill in 2015. The provision was made on the basis that Athena merged its
subsidiary Conserverie Minerve
 which suffered loss in past years. The Company
treated goodwill recorded for that as fully impaired. In addition
 decrease of gross
profit and increase of general and administrative expense also leads to the
decrease of income before taxation and non-controlling interest. 


 or 46.1%
 to
$4.5 million in 2015
 as compared to $3.1 million in 2014. This increase was
attributable to the higher income (excluding impairment) earned in
2015 as compared to 2014.


equity of our subsidiary Shandong Lorain
 and Biobranco II
 Alcides Branco
 and
Nuno Branco hold 49% of the equity of the Athena Group
 which is reflected in
the non-controlling interest of $5.2million in 2015 and $0.7 million in
2014.


 or 6.3%
 to $4.0 million in
2015 from $3.8 million in 2014. As our 51% controlled overseas subsidiaries
suffered loss in 2015
 its minority shareholders bore their proportion of loss. 






requirements necessitated by our sales growth
 adding new products and expanding
our facilities. In the past
 our primary sources of financing have been cash
generated from operations and short-term loans from banks in China. In addition
We obtained long term loans
 private placement financing and convertible
promissory note during the period 2011 to 2014. Proceeds from cash drawn down
from the long term loan
 the private placement transactions and convertible
promissory note
 together with cash generated from operations and short-term
bank loans
 have been primarily used to fund our working capital needs
 as well
as addition to our construction in progress and purchase of fixed assets. 

 2015 and 2014
 cash and cash equivalents
(including restricted cash) were $32.5 million and $34.5 million
 respectively.
The debt to assets ratio was 34.8% and 37.7% as of December 31
 2015 and 2014
respectively. We expect to continue to finance our operations and working
capital needs in 2016 from cash generated from operations and short-term bank
loans. We expect that anticipated cash flows from operations and financial
institutions will be sufficient to fund our operations through at least the next
twelve months. 

 we believe that cash on hand
cash flows from operations and funds available under our bank facilities will be
sufficient to fund our capital needs for the next twelve (12) months. However
if available liquidity is not sufficient to meet our operating and loan
obligations as they come due
 our plans include pursuing alternative financing
arrangements or reducing expenditures as necessary to meet our cash
requirements. However
 there is no assurance that we will be able to raise
additional capital or reduce discretionary spending to provide liquidity
 if
needed. Currently
 the capital markets for small capitalization companies are
difficult. Accordingly
 we cannot be sure of the availability or terms of any
alternative financing arrangements.

cash flow for all financial statement periods presented in this report.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
For year
      ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


















    


    
    


    














  


$34.5 million and $11.4 million respectively. The increase of approximately
$23.1 million in net cash flows provided by operating activities resulted
primarily from the decrease of inventory by $15.8 million and increase of
accounts and other payables by $14.7 million in 2015
 compared to an increase of
inventory by $2.6 million and decrease of accounts and other payables by $6.4
million in 2014.


$7.0 million and $11.2 million
 respectively
 with the decrease of approximately
$4.2 million cash used in investing activities primarily from $5.4 million
payment for the acquisition of Athena and investment in 2014.


$31.6 million and $3.7 million
 respectively. The increase of approximately
$27.9 million in net cash outflow in financing activities resulted primarily
from $23.0 million repayment of long term borrowing and notes payable in 2015.







 2015 and 2014
 we carried $36.3 million and
$41.6 million short term bank loans from foreign and Chinese domestic banks.
Please refer to Note 10 of the consolidated financial statements for details.


United States generally accepted accounting principles requires our management
to make assumptions
 estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in
the financial statements
 including the notes thereto
 and related disclosures
of commitments and contingencies
 if any. We consider our critical accounting
policies to be those that require the more significant judgments and estimates
in the preparation of financial statements
 including the following:
 We maintains its general ledger
and journals with the accrual method accounting for financial reporting
purposes. The financial statements and notes are representations of management.
Accounting policies adopted by the Company conform to generally accepted
accounting principles in the United States of America and have been consistently
applied in the presentation of financial statements
 which are compiled on the
accrual basis of accounting.
The preparation of the financial
statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the
United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods.
Management makes these estimates using the best information available at the
time the estimates are made; however
 actual results could differ materially
from those estimates. 

accounts such as accounts receivable
 inventory
 fixed assets
 and intangible
assets. We use estimates to account for the related bad debt allowance
inventory impairment charges
 depreciation and amortization of our assets. In
the food processing industry these accounts have a significant impact on the
valuation of our balance sheet and the results of our operations.
 The consolidated
financial statements are presented in US Dollars and include the accounts of the
Company and its commonly controlled entity. All significant inter-company
balances and transactions are eliminated in combination.

 2015
 the particulars of the commonly
controlled entities are as follows:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    

    

    
    


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
























    
    
    
    
    
    
    

943

    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

096

    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

462

    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

540

    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

902

    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

366

    



    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




 --
The long-lived assets held and used by us are reviewed for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of assets
may not be recoverable. It is reasonably possible that these assets could become
impaired as a result of technology or other industry changes. Determination of
recoverability of assets to be held and used is by comparing the carrying amount
of an asset to future net undiscounted cash flows to be generated by the
assets.





 the impairment to
be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the
assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are
reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell.
The Company believes no impairment has occurred to its assets during 2015 and
2014.
The Company's revenue recognition
policies are in compliance with Staff accounting bulletin (SAB) 104. Sales
revenue is recognized at the date of shipment to customers when a formal
arrangement exists
 the price is fixed or determinable
 the delivery is
completed
 no other significant obligations of the Company exist and
collectibility is reasonably assured. Payments received before all of the
relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as unearned
revenue. 

 net
of a value-added tax (VAT). The Company allows its customers to return products
if they are defective. However
 this rarely happens and amounts returned have
been de minimis.


 including cash and
equivalents
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts and other payables
accrued liabilities and short-term debt
 have carrying amounts that approximate
their fair values due to their short maturities. ASC Topic 820
 &#147;Fair Value
Measurements and Disclosures
&#148; requires disclosure of the fair value of
financial instruments held by the Company. ASC Topic 825
 &#147;Financial
Instruments
&#148; defines fair value
 and establishes a three-level valuation
hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement that enhances disclosure
requirements for fair value measures. The carrying amounts reported in the
consolidated balance sheets for receivables and current liabilities each qualify
as financial instruments and are a reasonable estimate of their fair values
because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments
and their expected realization and their current market rate of interest. The
three levels of valuation hierarchy are defined as follows: 

  
  identical assets or liabilities in active markets.
  
  similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 and inputs that are
  observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 for
  substantially the full term of the financial instrument.
  
  significant to the fair value measurement. 

both liabilities and equity under ASC 480
 &#147;Distinguishing Liabilities from
Equity
&#148; and ASC 815. As of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company did not
identify any assets and liabilities whose carrying amounts were required to be
adjusted in order to present them at fair value. 


 The FASB issued ASU No. 2015-01
 &#147;Income
Statement&#151;Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20)&#148;.This Update
eliminates from GAAP the concept of extraordinary items. Subtopic 225-20
 Income
Statement&#151;Extraordinary and Unusual Items
 required that an entity separately
classify
 present
 and disclose extraordinary events and transactions.
Presently
 an event or transaction is presumed to be an ordinary and usual
activity of the reporting entity unless evidence clearly supports its
classification as an extraordinary item. Paragraph 225-20-45-2 contains the
following criteria that must both be met for extraordinary classification: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    

      should possess a high degree of abnormality and be of a type clearly
      unrelated to
 or only incidentally related to
 the ordinary and typical
      activities of the entity
 taking into account the environment in which the
      entity operates.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      transaction should be of a type that would not reasonably be expected to
      recur in the foreseeable future
 taking into account the environment in
      which the entity operates.

classification
 an entity is required to segregate the extraordinary item from
the results of ordinary operations and show the item separately in the income
statement
 net of tax after income from continuing operations. The entity also
is required to disclose applicable income taxes and either present or disclose
earnings-per-share data applicable to the extraordinary item. 

and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
2015. A reporting entity may apply the amendments prospectively. A reporting
entity also may apply the amendments retrospectively to all prior periods
presented in the financial statements. Early adoption is permitted provided that
the guidance is applied from the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The
effective date is the same for both public business entities and all other
entities. 

applied it to the presentation of the financial statements. 

 the FASB issued ASU 2015-16
 the guidance
eliminates the requirement to restate prior period financial statements for
measurement period adjustments following a business combination. The new
guidance requires that the cumulative impact of a measurement period adjustment
(including the impact on prior periods) be recognized in the reporting period in
which the adjustment is identified. The prior period impact of the adjustment
should be either presented separately on the face of the income statement or
disclosed in the notes. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the
pronouncement will have on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements. 

 2015
 there are no other recently issued
accounting standards not yet adopted that would or could have a material effect
on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements. 






ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT
MARKET RISK

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL
DATA

as of December 31
 2015 begins on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form
10-K.
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.




Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 (&#147;Exchange Act&#148;))
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in
Exchange Act reports is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the
time periods specified in the SEC&#146;s rules and forms
 and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including to our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate
 to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure.

 our
management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of
December 31
 2015. Based on that evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of December 31
 2015
 our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective due to the material weakness in our
internal control over financial reporting described below.

Management&#146;s Annual Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting.

adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as such term is defined in
Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the
participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer
 we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting based upon the framework in Internal
Control&#151;Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on that evaluation
 our management
concluded that
 as of December 31
 2015
 our internal controls over financial
reporting are not effective.

our management as of December 31
 2015 relates to the ability of the Company to
record transactions and provide disclosures in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We did
not have sufficient and skilled accounting personnel with an appropriate level
of experience in the application of U.S. GAAP commensurate with our financial
reporting requirements. For example
 our staff members do not hold licenses such
as Certified Public Accountant or Certified Management Accountant in the U.S.
have not attended U.S. institutions for training as accountants
 and have not
attended extended educational programs that would provide sufficient relevant
education relating to U.S. GAAP. Our staff will require substantial training to
meet the demands of a U.S. public company and our staff&#146;s understanding of the
requirements of U.S. GAAP-based reporting are inadequate.






accounting team. The training sessions will be organized to help our corporate
accounting team gain experience in U.S. GAAP reporting and to enhance their
awareness of new and emerging pronouncements with potential impact over our
financial reporting. We plan to continue to recruit experienced and professional
accounting and financial personnel and participate in educational seminars
tutorials
 and conferences and employ more qualified accounting staff in
future.
Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting.


 during the fiscal year ended
December 31
 2015
 there were no material changes in our internal control over
financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation performed
during the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report that has materially
affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control
over financial reporting.


provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that: 

 in reasonable
detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our
assets; 

recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with U.S. GAAP
 and that our receipts and expenditures are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of our assets
that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer
 does not expect that our internal controls will prevent or
detect all misstatements. A control system
 no matter how well designed and
operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the
objectives of the control system are met. Further
 the design of a control
system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the
benefits of such controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of
the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of internal
controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of
misstatements
 if any
 have been detected or prevented. Also
 projections of any
evaluation of the effectiveness of controls in future periods are subject to the risk that those internal controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.







ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE

Proxy Statement related to our 2016 Annual Stockholders' Meeting and is
incorporated herein by reference.


Proxy Statement related to our 2016 Annual Stockholders' Meeting and is
incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Proxy Statement related to our 2016 Annual Stockholders' Meeting and is
incorporated herein by reference.




ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

Proxy Statement related to our 2016 Annual Stockholders' Meeting and is
incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND
SERVICES

Proxy Statement related to our 2016 Annual Stockholders' Meeting and is
incorporated herein by reference.





ITEM 15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 


Statements&#148; beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    
  
    
    

    


 as filed
      with the Nevada Secretary of State on June 15
 2009
 Incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant&#146;s registration statement on
      Form S-3 filed on January 29
 2010. 
  
    

      

    


 Incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant&#146;s registration statement on Form S-3 filed
      on January 29
 2010. 
  
    

      

    


      Preferred Stock of the registrant as filed with the Secretary of State of
      Delaware on April 9
 2007. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the
      registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8- K filed on May 9
 2007 in
      commission file number 0- 31619. 
  
    

      

    


      Preferred Stock of registrant as filed with the Secretary of State of
      Delaware on April 30
 2007. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to
      the registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K filed on May 9
 2007.
  
  
    

      

    


      Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K filed on
      October 29
 2009. 
  
    

      

    


      Exhibit 4.2 to the registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K filed on
      October 29
 2009. 
  
    

      

    


 dated as of October 28
      2009. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the registrant&#146;s current
      report on Form 8-K filed on October 29
 2009. 
  
    

      

    


 dated as of September 9
      2010
 by and among American Lorain Corporation and the purchasers named
      therein. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the registrant&#146;s
      current report on Form 8-K filed on September 13
 2010. 
  
    

      

    


 dated as of September 9
 2010
 by
      and among American Lorain Corporation
 the purchasers named therein and Si
      Chen. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the registrant&#146;s
      current report on Form 8-K filed on September 13
 2010. 
  
    

      

    


      2009
 by and between American Loan Corporation and the purchasers named
      therein. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant&#146;s
      current report on Form 8-K filed on October 29
 2009. 
  
    

      

    


      2010
 by and among American Loan Corporation
 Si Chen and the purchasers
      named therein. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the
  registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K filed on September 13
 2010. 
  
    
    

    

      dated as of September 9
 2010
 by and among American Lorain Corporation
      the purchasers named therein
 Si Chen and the collateral agent named
      therein. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the registrant&#146;s
      current report on Form 8-K filed on September 13
 2010. 
  
    
    

    

 dated May 31
      2010
 between Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co. Ltd. and DEG-Deutsche
      Investitions- Und Entwicklungsgesellschaft MBH. Incorporated by reference
      to Exhibit 10.12 to the registrant&#146;s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed
      on August 11
 2010. 
  
    
    

    

      February 7
 2014 by and between Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. and
      Intiraimi. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant&#146;s
      current report on Form 8-K filed on February 13
 2014. 
  
    
    

    

      Agreement dated February 7
 2014 by and between Junan Hongrun Foodstuff
      Co.
 Ltd. and Biobranco II. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to
      the registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K filed on February 13
 2014.
  
  
    
    

    

      February 7
 2014 by and among Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.
 Athena
      and the other shareholders of Athena. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
      10.7 to the registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K filed on February 13
      2014. 
  
    
    

    

    Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference from Appendix A to the
    Company&#146;s Definitive Schedule 14A filed on April 30
 2014) &#134;

    
    

    

      Enterprise Private Placement Notes Subscription Agreement of 2013 between
      Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd. and Haitong Securities
 Inc. dated August 28
      2013 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the registrant&#146;s Form
      10-K/A filed on February 23
 2015 
  
    
    

    

      Enterprise Private Placement Notes Subscription Agreement of 2013 between
      Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd. and Everbright Securities Assets Management Co.
      Ltd. dated August 28
 2013 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to
      the registrant&#146;s Form 10-K/A filed on February 23
 2015 
  
    
    

    

      Enterprise Private Placement Notes Subscription Agreement of 2013 between
      Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd. and SWS MU Fund Management Co.
 Ltd. dated August
      28
 2013 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the registrant&#146;s
      Form 10-K/A filed on February 23
 2015 
  
    
    

    

      Enterprise Private Placement Notes Subscription Agreement of 2013 between
      Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd. and Essence Securities
 Inc. dated August 28
      2013 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the registrant&#146;s Form
      10-K/A filed on February 23
 2015 
  
    
    

    

      Enterprise Private Placement Notes Subscription Agreement of 2013 between
      Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd. and Guoyuan Securities
 Inc. dated August 28
      2013 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the registrant&#146;s Form
      10-K/A filed on February 23
 2015 
  
    
    

    

      Enterprise Private Placement Notes Subscription Agreement of 2013 between
      Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. and Harfor Fund Management Co.
 Ltd.
      dated October 18
 2013 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the
      registrant&#146;s Form 10-K/A filed on February 23
 2015 
  
    
    

    

      Enterprise Private Placement Notes Subscription Agreement of 2013 between
      Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. and Opple Lighting Corporation. dated
      November 6
 2013 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the
      registrant&#146;s Form 10-K/A filed on February 23
 2015 
  
    
    

    

      of Conduct
 adopted on April 30
 2007. Incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 14 to the registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K filed on May 9
      2007. 
  
    
    





      registrant * 
  
    
    





      Registered Public Accounting Firm *
  
    
  



      


      of Chief Executive Officer
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
      Act of 2002 * 
  
    
  



      


      of Chief Financial Officer
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
      Act of 2002 * 
  
    
  



      


      of Chief Executive Officer
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted
      pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
      of 2002 * 
  
    
    





      Financial Officer
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant
      to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 *

&#134; Management contract
 compensatory plan or arrangement.






Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

    
    



    

    

 Chief Executive Officer


1934
 this annual report has been signed by the following persons in the
capacities and on the dates indicated.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    






    



 2016 

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

 2016 

    
    
    

    
    

 2016 

    
    
    

    
    

 2016 

    
    
    



    

 2016 

    
    
    



    

 2016 

    
    
    






 2015 AND 2014 






style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    

    
    

    
    




  



REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

  

    



American Lorain Corporation as of December 31
 2015 and 2014 and the related
consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income
 stockholders' equity
and cash flows for the years then ended. These consolidated financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our
audits. 

Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement.
An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts
and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as
well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that
our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

statements
 the Company provided an impairment for its goodwill since the
Company identified that its subsidiary had incurred losses and was not able to
determine whether the subsidiary would be able to generate future profit and
positive operating cash flows to justify the carrying value of goodwill in the
amount. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter.

 the consolidated financial statements referred
to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of
American Lorain Corporation as of December 31
 2015 and 2014 and the results of
its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

 P.C. 




 P.C. 








AUDITED CONSOLIDATED
AT DECEMBER 31
(Stated in US
Dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



    
    
At December 31


    
    
At December 31


    


      
    
    
    
    
    
    


      
    
    
    
    
    
    




    

664

    
    

279

    




    

792

    
    

195

    




    

532

    
    

806

    




    

107

    
    

183

    




    

712

    
    

648

    




    

631

    
    

479

    




    

868

    
    

758

    








741

    




578

    




      current assets 




049

    




929

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


      
    
    
    
    
    
    




    

081

    
    

258

    



 plant and
      equipment
 
    

110

    
    

148

    



      &nbsp;Construction in progress

    

890

    
    

340

    



    assets
      
    

186

    
    

537

    








219

    




327

    


    




537

    




541

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    

310

    
    

645

    




    

965

    
    

005

    




    
    
    
    

500

    




    

197

    
    

226

    




    

463

    
    

071

    




    

863

    
    

320

    




    

740

    
    

153

    




    

755

    
    

433

    




    


    
    


    




    


    
    


    









    




    



      &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Total current liabilities

    

003
426

    
    

486
430




Accountant&#146;s Report 




AUDITED CONSOLIDATED
AT DECEMBER 31
(Stated in US
Dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



    
    
At December 31


    
    
At December 31


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    

707

    




    

544

    
    

581

    









    




    


    
    


569

    
    


775

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    



 $0.001 par
      value
 5
000
000&nbsp;
      issued and outstanding at&nbsp;
 2015 and
      2014

    
    
    
    
    
    



      Stock
 $0.001 par value
 200
000
000
      shares&nbsp;
259
490 shares and
      34
916
714&nbsp;
      December 31
&nbsp;

    


    
    


    


    
    

842

    
    

853

    


    
    

660

    
    

038

    


    
    

389

    
    

021

    




    

196

    
    

796

    


    




840

    




021

    


TOTAL STOCKHOLDER&#146;S
      EQUITY
    


968

    
    


766

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    




537

    




541

    

Accountant&#146;s Report 




AUDITED CONSOLIDATED
FOR THE YEARS
 31
(Stated in US Dollars)


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



    
    
For the
      years ended December 31





    
    
    
    
    
    


  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    


315



    


553





    




197

    




591

    




    

118
007



    

962
200



  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


    




    




    
    

240

    
    

642

    








824







654





    
    

065

    
    

296

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    




052

    




665

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    

467

    
    

378

    


    














    
    


    
    


    


    











  


    
    

092

    
    

347

    


    



786





    




    




    




762

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    

324

    
    

495

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    




515

    




089

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    




191

    




406

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    







599








  


    




790

    




274

    






    




    


  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    


990

    
    

752
524





    




181

    





    


    




191







406



  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


    




    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    




    






  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    




    




    
    

108

    
    

724

    


    




108







724




Accountant&#146;s Report 




AUDITED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW 
31
 2015 AND 2014 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



    
    
For the
      years ended December 31





    
    
    
    
    
    








    




    




    
    

191

    
    

406

    







283











    
    

786

    
    
    
    







085






907







    


    
    


    







649






843







    

784

    
    

559

    















  




    


    
    


    







699






420


  









    




574

    








453







385



  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    




    




    
    

597

    
    

358

    






    





100


  




    
    
    
    

258

    







354





    






    

936

    
    

009

    







159





    




    




    





    








020







162


  
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    




    




    
    

475

    
    

671

    







900






041











036

    




022

    








612







651


  
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    







179






428


  
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    







435








  
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    








279







857





    




664

    




279

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


Supplementary cash flow
      information:
    
    
    
    
    
    




    

728



    

748







    

141

    
    

318

    




    

968
688



    

672
630




Accountant&#146;s Report 








 31
 IN US


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  

    



















































 January 1





616














487







396







604







928







003







454


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid



    




























406



















406


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid













































671







671


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid



    


















































    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid



























642







642




















    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid



    

















































    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






















































    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid

  

    















































    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid




 December 31
 2014





916














853







038







021







796







021







766


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid

  

    















































    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid




 January 1





916














853







038







021







796







021







766


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid



    




























191




















191


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid









355














706































708


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






















282































283


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid



    






















621







621




















    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid

































181













181








    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid



    


































599













599


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid

  

    















































    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid




 December 31





259














842







660







389







196







840







968


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


Accountant&#146;s Report 




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
ORGANIZATION
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION
 AND PRINCIPAL
      ACTIVITIES

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
Organization history of American Lorain Corporation
      (formerly known as Millennium Quest
 Inc.)

&#147;Company&#148; or &#147;ALN&#148;) was originally a Delaware corporation incorporated on
February 4
 1986. On November 12
 2009
 the Company filed a statement of merger
in the state of Nevada to transfer the Company&#146;s jurisdiction from Delaware to
Nevada. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
Organization history of International Lorain Holding
      Inc. and its subsidiaries

International Lorain Holding Inc. (&#147;ILH&#148;). ILH is a Cayman Islands company
incorporated on August 4
 2006 and was wholly-owned by Mr. Hisashi Akazawa until
May 3
 2007. ILH presently has two direct wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Junan
Hongrun and Luotian Lorain
 and three indirectly wholly-owned subsidiaries
through Junan Hongrun
 which are Beijing Lorain
 Dongguan Lorain
 and Shandong
Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. (&#147;Shandong Greenpia&#148;). 

 the Company directly and
indirectly has 80.2% ownership of Shandong Lorain. The rest of the 19.8%
 which
is owned by the State under the name of Shandong Economic Development Investment
Co. Ltd.
 is not included as a part of the Group. 

 2009
 the Company
 through
its Junan Hongrun subsidiary
 invested cash to establish Dongguan Lorain.
Dongguan Lorain is indirectly 100% beneficially owned by the Company.

 2010
 the Company signed
an equity transfer agreement with Shandong Greenpia. Shandong Greenpia was
originally directly owned by Taebong Inc. and Shandong Luan Trade Company. The
Company paid $2
100
000to Korean Taebong Inc. for 50% equity of Shandong
Greenpia on September 20
 2010. On September 23
 2010
 the Company issued
731
707 shares of restricted stock at an agreed price of $2.87 per share to the
owner of Shandong Luan Trade Company
 Mr. Ji Zhenwei
 for the remaining 50%
equity of Shandong Greenpia. Since September 23
 2010
 Shandong Greenpia was
directly owned by both Junan Hongrun and ILH. As a result
 Shandong Greenpia is
100% owned by the Company. Accordingly
 the Company booked a gain of $383
482
which is included in the statement of income as other income. 

 2014
 American Lorain
Corporation
 through its indirect wholly owned subsidiary
 Junan Hongrun entered
into two Share Purchase Agreements with Intiraimi
 a limited liability company
organized under the laws of France and Biobranco II
 a company organized under
Portuguese law
 respectively
 to acquire 51% of the share capital of Athena
Group. On June 30
 2014
 Junan Hongrun officially completed the acquisition and
controlled total 51% shares of Athena Group. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      

 manufactures
and sells convenience foods (including ready-to-cook (or RTC) foods;
ready-to-eat (or RTE) foods and meals ready-to-eat (or MRE); chestnut products;
and frozen foods
 in hundreds of varieties. The Company operates through
indirect Chinese and European subsidiaries. The products are sold in domestic
markets as well as exported to foreign countries and regions such as Japan
Korea and Europe. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
  POLICIES

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      

ledger and journals with the accrual method accounting for financial reporting
purposes. The financial statements and notes are representations of management.
Accounting policies adopted by the Company conform to generally accepted
accounting principles in the United States of America and have been consistently
applied in the presentation of financial statements
 which are compiled on the
accrual basis of accounting. 




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

changes in assets and liabilities in the statement of cash flows for the year
ended December 31
 2015 in order to be consistent with the presentation provided
for the year ended December 31
 2014. There was no impact on earnings for the
regrouping. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
Principles of
consolidation

which include the Company and its subsidiaries are compiled in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. All
significant inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated. The
consolidated financial statements include 100% of assets
 liabilities
 and net
income or loss of those wholly-owned subsidiaries; ownership interests of
non-controlling investors are recorded as non-controlling interests. 

 2015
 the detailed
identities of the consolidating subsidiaries are as follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    

    

    


Name of
      Company
    


    
    
equity interest
      %
    
    
    

    

    











    






943
597



    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    


096
723
    

    





    




    






462
403



    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    


540
666
    

    





    




    






902
322



    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    


366
463
    

    





    




    






067



    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


907
    

    

    


    




    






563



    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    


    




    






563



    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


955



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      

statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the
United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods.
Management makes these estimates using the best information available at the
time the estimates are made; however
 actual results could differ materially
from those estimates.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      

liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less to
be cash equivalents.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      

holds for investment purposes into trading or available-for-sale. Trading
securities are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in
the near term. All securities not included in trading securities are classified
as available-for-sale. 

securities are recorded at fair value. Unrealized holding gains and losses on
trading securities are included in the net income. Unrealized holding gains and
losses
 net of the related tax effect
 on available for sale securities are
excluded from net income and are reported as a separate component of other comprehensive income until realized. Realized gains
and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities are determined on a
specific-identification basis. 




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

available-for-sale security below cost that is deemed to be other-than-temporary
results in a reduction in carrying amount to fair value. The impairment is
charged as an expense to the statement of income and comprehensive income and a
new cost basis for the security is established. To determine whether impairment
is other-than-temporary
 the Company considers whether it has the ability and
intent to hold the investment until a market price recovery and considers
whether evidence indicating the cost of the investment is recoverable outweighs
evidence to the contrary. Evidence considered in this assessment includes the
reasons for the impairment
 the severity and duration of the impairment
 changes
in value subsequent to year end
 and forecasted performance of the investee.


or accreted over the life of the related available-for-sale security as an
adjustment to yield using the effective-interest method. Dividend and interest
income are recognized when earned. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      

carried at the original invoice amount less allowance for any uncollectible
amounts. An estimate for doubtful accounts is made when collection of the full
amount is no longer probable. Bad debts are written off as incurred. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      

goods and raw materials are stated at the lower of cost or market value.
Finished goods are comprised of direct materials
 direct labor and an
appropriate proportion of overhead. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
Customer deposits and advances to
  suppliers

customers in connection with orders of products to be delivered in future
periods.

deposit paid to the supplier for the purpose of committing the supplier to
provide product promptly upon delivery of the Company&#146;s purchase order for raw
materials
 supplies
 equipment
 building materials
 and other items necessary
for our operations. Pursuant to the Company&#146;s arrangements with its suppliers
this deposit is generally 20% of the total amount contracted for. This type of
transaction is classified as a prepayment under the account name &#147;Advance to
Suppliers&#148; until such time as the Company&#146;s purchase order is delivered
 at
which point this account is reduced by reclassification of the applicable amount
to the appropriate asset account such as inventory or fixed assets or
construction in progress. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
Property
 plant and
equipment

cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided over their
estimated useful lives
 using the straight-line method with a salvage value of
10%. Estimated useful lives of the plant and equipment are as follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    

    


    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

depreciation of assets sold or otherwise retired are eliminated from the
accounts and any gain or loss is included in the statement of income. The cost
of maintenance and repairs is charged to income as incurred
 whereas significant
renewals and betterments are capitalized.




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      

direct and indirect construction or acquisition costs. The construction in
progress is transferred to plant and equipment when substantially all the
activities necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed.
No depreciation is provided until the asset is completed and ready for intended
use.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      

and amortized on a straight-line basis over a specified period. Amortization is
provided using the straight-line method over 40-50 years. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
Accounting for the impairment of long-lived
      assets

Company are reviewed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;)
Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) Subtopic 360-10-35
&#147;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets
&#148; for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of
assets may not be recoverable. It is reasonably possible that these assets could
become impaired as a result of technology or other industry changes. Impairment
is present if carrying amount of an asset is less than its undiscounted cash
flows to be generated. 

 a
loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the
fair market value of the asset. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the
lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. The Company
believes no impairment has occurred to its assets during 2015 and 2014. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      

incurred.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      

as incurred.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      

expensed as incurred.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      

contributions under defined contribution retirement plans to the relevant
authorities are charged to the consolidated statement of income as incurred.


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      

using an asset and liability approach and allows for recognition of deferred tax
benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes
are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and
the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for
deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire
before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future realization
is uncertain. 

740
 &#147;Accounting for Income Taxes.&#148; Income tax liabilities computed according to
the United States
 People&#146;s Republic of China (PRC)
 and France tax laws are
provided for the tax effects of transactions reported in the financial
statements and consist of taxes currently due plus deferred taxes related primarily to differences between the
basis of fixed assets and intangible assets for financial and tax reporting. The
deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax return consequences
of those differences
 which will be either taxable or deductible when the assets
and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes also are recognized for
operating losses that are available to offset future income taxes. A valuation
allowance is created to evaluate deferred tax assets if it is more likely than
not that these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize
that tax benefit
 or that future realization is uncertain. 




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

 2008
 PRC
government implemented a new 25% tax rate across the board for all enterprises
regardless of whether domestic or foreign enterprise without any tax holiday
which is defined as two-year exemption followed by three-year half exemption
hitherto enjoyed by tax payers. As a result of the new tax law of a standard 25%
tax rate
 tax holidays terminated as of December 31
 2007. However
 PRC
government has established a set of transition rules to allow enterprises that
were already participating in tax holidays before January 1
 2008
 to continue
enjoying the tax holidays until they had been fully utilized. 

France is 33.33% except for a small or new business
 which may benefit from
lower rates. In addition
 a 3.3% of social surcharge is charged to the Company&#146;s
French subsidiaries if the standard corporate income tax liability exceeds EUR
763
000. Furthermore
 a 10.7% temporary surtax applies when a company&#146;s turnover
exceeds EUR 250 million.

States Tax according to Internal Revenue Code Sections 951 and 957. Corporate
income tax is imposed at progressive rates in the range of: -

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    

    

    
    


    

    

    





000 

    

    





000 

    

    





000 

    

    



000


000 

    

    

000


000


000
000 

    

    

000


333


000
000 

    

    

333

    
    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      

the amount appropriated from the net income in accordance with laws or
regulations
 which can be used to recover losses and increase capital
 as
approved
 and are to be used to expand production or operations. The Company
transferred $1
621
749 and $4
642
404 from retained earnings to statutory
reserves for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014. PRC laws prescribe that
an enterprise operating at a profit
 must appropriate
 on an annual basis
 an
amount equal to 10% of its profit. Such an appropriation is necessary until the
reserve reaches a maximum that is equal to 50% of the enterprise&#146;s PRC
registered capital. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
Foreign currency
translation

are presented in United States dollars. The functional currencies of the Company
are the Renminbi (RMB) and the Euro (EUR). The financial statements are
translated into United States dollars from RMB and EUR at year-end exchange
rates as to assets and liabilities and average exchange rates as to revenues and
expenses. Capital accounts are translated at their historical exchange rates
when the capital transactions occurred.




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    
    

    







    





    




    



    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    





    




    



    

    
    
    
    
    
    



foreign currency and all foreign exchange transactions must take place through
authorized institutions. No representation is made that the RMB amounts could
have been
 or could be
 converted into US Dollars at the rates used in
translation. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      

policies are in compliance with Staff accounting bulletin (SAB) 104. Sales
revenue is recognized at the date of shipment to customers when a formal
arrangement exists
 the price is fixed or determinable
 the delivery is
completed
 no other significant obligations of the Company exist and
collectibility is reasonably assured. Payments received before all of the
relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as unearned
revenue.

invoiced value of goods
 net of a value-added tax (VAT). The Company allows its
customers to return products if they are defective. However
 this rarely happens
and amounts returned have been de minimis.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      

by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock
outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by
dividing net income by the sum of the weighted average number of ordinary shares
outstanding and potential dilutive securities during the year. For the year
ended December 31
 2015
 no warrants were issued nor were options granted. For
the year ended December 31
 2010
 81
155 warrants were issued to certain service
providers. For the year ended December 31
 2009
 1
334
573 stock options were
granted to employees pursuant to the Company&#146;s equity incentive plan; 2
255
024
warrants were issued to investors in connection with a PIPE financing. As of
December 31
 2015
 1
753
909 shares of Series A warrants are outstanding and all
stock options to employees from the 2009 stock incentive program have expired.
These warrants and options could be potentially dilutive if the market price of
the Company&#146;s common stock exceeds the exercise price for these securities. 

share (&#147;EPS&#148;) in accordance with ASC Topic 260
 &#147;Earnings per share&#148; and
SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&#147;SAB 98&#148;). SFAS No. 128 requires companies
with complex capital structures to present basic and diluted EPS. Basic EPS is
measured as the income or loss available to common shareholders divided by the
weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is
similar to basic EPS but presents the dilutive effect on a per share basis of
potential common shares (e.g.
 convertible securities
 options
 and warrants) as
if they had been converted at the beginning of the periods presented
 or
issuance date
 if later. Potential common shares that have an anti-dilutive
effect (i.e. those that increase income per share or decrease loss per share)
are excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      

including cash and equivalents
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts and
other payables
 accrued liabilities and short-term debt
 have carrying amounts
that approximate their fair values due to their short maturities. ASC Topic 820
&#147;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
&#148; requires disclosure of the fair value
of financial instruments held by the Company. ASC Topic 825
 &#147;Financial
Instruments
&#148; defines fair value
 and establishes a three-level valuation
hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement that enhances disclosure
requirements for fair value measures. The carrying amounts reported in the
consolidated balance sheets for receivables and current liabilities each qualify
as financial instruments and are a reasonable estimate of their fair values
because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments
and their expected realization and their current market rate of interest. The
three levels of valuation hierarchy are defined as follows: 




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


      prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. 

    
    


      quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 and
      inputs that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or
      indirectly
 for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.
      

    
    


      unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.
  

instruments with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480
&#147;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity
&#148; and ASC 815. 

 2015 and 2014
 the
Company did not identify any assets and liabilities whose carrying amounts were
required to be adjusted in order to present them at fair value. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
Commitments and
contingencies

arising from claims
 assessments
 litigation
 fines and penalties and other
sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and
the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      

include all changes in equity except those resulting from investments by owners
and distributions to owners. Among other disclosures
 all items that are
required to be recognized under current accounting standards as components of
comprehensive income are required to be reported in a financial statement that
is presented with the same prominence as other financial statements. The
Company&#146;s current component of other comprehensive income includes the foreign
currency translation adjustment and unrealized gain or loss. 

&#147;Reporting Comprehensive Income&#148;. Comprehensive income is comprised of net
income and all changes to the statements of stockholders&#146; equity
 except the
changes in paid-in capital and distributions to stockholders due to investments
by stockholders. Comprehensive income for the years ended December 31
 2015
and 2014 included net income and foreign currency translation adjustments. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      

purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable assets
acquired in a business combination. In accordance with FASB ASC Topic 350
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
 goodwill is no longer subject to
amortization. Rather
 goodwill is subject to at least an annual assessment for
impairment
 applying a fair-value based test. Fair value is generally determined
using a discounted cash flow analysis. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
Recent accounting
pronouncements

 The FASB issued ASU
No. 2015-01
 &#147;Income Statement&#151;Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic
225-20)&#148;.This Update eliminates from GAAP the concept of extraordinary items.
Subtopic 225-20
 Income Statement&#151;Extraordinary and Unusual Items
 required that
an entity separately classify
 present
 and disclose extraordinary events and
transactions. Presently
 an event or transaction is presumed to be an ordinary
and usual activity of the reporting entity unless evidence clearly supports its
classification as an extraordinary item. Paragraph 225-20-45-2 contains the
following criteria that must both be met for extraordinary classification: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    

      should possess a high degree of abnormality and be of a type clearly
      unrelated to
 or only incidentally related to
 the ordinary and typical
      activities of the entity
 taking into account the environment in which the
      entity operates.




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    

      transaction should be of a type that would not reasonably be expected to
      recur in the foreseeable future
 taking into account the environment in
      which the entity operates.

criteria for extraordinary classification
 an entity is required to segregate
the extraordinary item from the results of ordinary operations and show the item
separately in the income statement
 net of tax after income from continuing
operations. The entity also is required to disclose applicable income taxes and
either present or disclose earnings-per-share data applicable to the
extraordinary item. 

effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
beginning after December 15
 2015. A reporting entity may apply the amendments
prospectively. A reporting entity also may apply the amendments retrospectively
to all prior periods presented in the financial statements. Early adoption is
permitted provided that the guidance is applied from the beginning of the fiscal
year of adoption. The effective date is the same for both public business
entities and all other entities. 

prospectively and has applied it to the presentation of the financial
statements. 

 the FASB issued ASU
2015-16
 the guidance eliminates the requirement to restate prior period
financial statements for measurement period adjustments following a business
combination. The new guidance requires that the cumulative impact of a
measurement period adjustment (including the impact on prior periods) be
recognized in the reporting period in which the adjustment is identified. The
prior period impact of the adjustment should be either presented separately on
the face of the income statement or disclosed in the notes. The Company is
currently evaluating the impact the pronouncement will have on the Company&#146;s
consolidated financial statements. 

 2015
 there are no
other recently issued accounting standards not yet adopted that would or could
have a material effect on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

bearing deposits placed with banks to secure banking facilities in the form of
loans and notes payable. The restriction of funds is based on time. The funds
that collateralize loans are held for 60 days in a savings account that pays
interest at the prescribed national daily savings account rate. For funds that
under lie notes payable
 the cash is deposited in six month time deposits that
pay interest at the national time deposit rate. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
TRADE ACCOUNTS
RECEIVABLE

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    

    
    

433
828

    
    

726
091

    

    

Allowance for





901

    




919

    

    

    




532

    




806

    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    

919

    
    


    

    

    
    
    
    
    

479

    

    

    





    




    

    

    




901

    




919







NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

between 30 to 60 days to most of their domestic customers
 including
supermarkets and wholesalers
 around 90 days to most of their international
customers
 and between 0 to 15 days for most of the third-party distributors the
Company works with. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

following as of December 31
 2015 and 2014: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    



    

160

    
    

623

    

    

    
    


    
    


    

    



    

844

    
    


    

    

    
    


    
    

420

    

    



    

540

    
    

629

    

    

    




318

    




767

    

    


    




107

    




183




disbursements consisted of advances to employees for transportation
 meals
client entertainment
 commissions
 and procurement of certain raw materials. The
advances issued to employees may be carried for extended periods of time because
employees may spend several months out in the field working to procure new sales
contracts or fulfill existing contracts. 

 the company uses
available employees of the purchasing department to arrange purchases with
desirable chestnut or other raw material growers. However
 because many of these
growers are in rural farming areas of China where traditional banking and credit
arrangements are difficult to implement
 the Company must utilize cash purchases
and also must contract for its future needs by placing a good faith deposit in
cash with the growers. However none of these advances to employees for delivery
to the growers on behalf of the Company are &#147;personal loans&#148; to the employees.
Advances to employees for purchase of materials in other receivables are
adjusted to advances to suppliers as of December 31
 2015.

advances issued by management for job or travel disbursement in the normal
course of business. The receivables had no impact on earnings. As with other
employees
 officers sign notes when cash is issued to them as job or travel
disbursement. In order to satisfy certain criteria for obtaining the long-term
loan with DEG
 as noted in footnote 11
 Junan Hongrun lent money to Mr. You
Huadong to purchase life insurance. Related party receivable amounts are
disclosed as &#147;other related party receivables&#148; in other receivables. 

 Shandong Lorain and
Junan Hengji Real Estate Development Co.
 Ltd. (Junan Hengji) entered into a
cooperative development agreement (the Agreement)
 and in March 2011
 Jiangsu
Heng An Industrial Investment Group Co.
 Ltd. (Heng An Investment)
 an
affiliated company of Junan Hengji also entered into the Agreement with Shandong
Lorain to jointly develop the project with Junan Hengji. Pursuant to the
Agreement
 Shandong Lorain agreed to sell the Company&#146;s interest in the amount
of $7
764
577 (RMB 49
604
000) in a parcel of land located in Junan Town
Shandong Province
 to construct residential buildings by Junan Hengji and Heng
An Investment. The land was sold to Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment for a
total sales price of RMB 69
604
000 and a guaranteed gross profit of RMB
20
000
000 without consideration of the profit or loss of the residential
building project. 

 2015
 a total of RMB
42
029
955 has been received and there was an unpaid balance of RMB 27
574
045.
The Company filed litigation against Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment in 2014
for a claim of RMB 10
000
000
 which is half of the original guaranteed profit
of RMB 20
000
000. The Company evaluated the potential claims against Junan
Hengji and Heng An Investment
 disputes between the parties with respect to out
of pocket expenses paid by Junan Hengji as well as the litigation fee that is
required to be paid to the court by Shandong Lorain first based upon the amount
claimed for disputes between the parties. Shandong Lorain decided to file the
lawsuit with the Linyi City Intermediate People's Court to claim a fixed return
of RMB 10 million (approximately US$1
540
666). 




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

 2015
 Shandong Lorain
received the Linyi City Intermediate People's Court decision that rejected
Shandong Lorain's claim for RMB 10 million against Junan Hengji and Heng An
Investment. On April 3
 2015
 Shandong Lorain appealed the decision to the
Supreme Court of Shandong Province and the case is still in the process. The
balance of the claim was deemed to be uncollectable and was written off as a
loss. As of December 31
 2015
 RMB 10
000
000 (US$ 1
540
666) is due and payable
to the Company since the decision from the lower court does not become effective
until the appeal procedure is completed or expired. In November 2015
 the
Supreme Court of Shandong Province vacated the decision of the Linyi Court and
remanded the case back to the Linyi Court for a retrial. The retrial is
scheduled at the end of April 2016.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

as of December 31
 2015 and 2014: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    
12/31/2015
    
    
    
12/31/2014
    
    

    

    
    

272
163

    
    

557
607

    

    

    




439

    




090

    

    

    
    

712
048

    
    

648
160




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
PROPERTY
 PLANT AND
EQUIPMENT

 plant
 and equipment
consisted of the following as of December 31
 2015 and 2014: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    
12/31/2015
    
    
    
12/31/2014
    
    

    

    


    




    



    

    
    

678

    
    

751

    

    

    













    


 plant and

    

331

    
    

923

    

    






188






853




    

    
    

059

    
    

095

    

    


















    

    
    

058

    
    

511

    

    

Accumulated depreciation
    


    




    



    

    
    

445

    
    

479

    

    


      &nbsp;Landscaping




705






021


  

    



    

157

    
    

181

    

    






199






252


  

    

    





    





    

    

    




947







362


  
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    




110







148




 plants
 and trees accounts
for the orchards that the Company has developed for agricultural operations.
These orchards as well as the young trees which were purchased as nursery stock
are capitalized into fixed assets. The depreciation is then calculated on a
30-year straight-line method when production in commercial quantities begins.
The orchards have begun production in small quantities and the Company has
accounted for depreciation commencing July 1
 2010. In 2013
 the Company began
leasing three greenhouses to grow seasonal crops in order to lower cost.
Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014 was
$4
085
891 and $4
907
651
 respectively. 




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET

following as of December 31
 2015 and 2014: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    



      cost
    

569
679

    
    

520
374

    

    


 
    


    
    


    

    


 
    


    
    


    

    


 




419

    





1
581

    

    

    
    

500

    
    

604

    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    




313

    




066

    

    

    




186

    




537

    

China. Land use rights represent the Company&#146;s purchase of usage rights for a
parcel of land for a specified duration of time
 typically 50 years.
Amortization expense for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014 was $507
614
and $603
682
 respectively. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

 2015
 the Company
re-organized its French operations by merging the operations of Conserverie
Minerve into its immediate parent Athena
 and concurrently
 Athena wound up and
dissolved Conserverie Minerve. Athena subsequently changed its own legal name to
Conservie Minerve and currently continues the business. At the date of
acquisition
 the net liability of Conserverie Minerve was $3
255
911(EUR
2
968
089); the purchase consideration paid for the Athena (aka Conservie
Minerve) was $2
100
000. The acquisition of Athena and its then subsidiaries
gave rise to goodwill in the amount of $6
786
928. As of December 31
 2015
 the
surviving business entity
 Conserverie Minerve
 on a post merged basis
recognized net operating losses during the years ended December 31
 2015 and
2014. As of December 31
 2015
 the Company was unable to determine if the
Conserverie Minerve would be able to generate future profit and positive
operating cash flows to justify the carrying value of goodwill in the amount of
$6
786
928; accordingly
 the Company elected to write off the goodwill in its
entirety. The Company&#146;s management is developing a strategic
 operational
 and
financing plan designed to bring Conserverie Minerve back to profitability.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

short-term bank loans
 and current portion of long-term loan
 which consisted of
the following as of December 31
 2015 and 2014: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    

CIC Lorient
      Enterprises

      
    

210

    
    

106

    

    

Credit Agricole
Interest rate
      of EURIBOR+1.70% due within
    


    
    


    

    

LCL Banque et
      Assurance

      
    


    
    


    

    

Soci&#233;t&#233; G&#233;n&#233;rale
Interest rate
      of EURIBOR+1.70% due within
    


    
    


    

    

Banque Tarneud

      
      
    


    
    


    

    

BPI France

      EURIBOR+1.70% due within
    
    
    
    

151

    

    

BNP Paribas

      
      
    


    
    
    
    

    

HSBC
Interest rate of
      EURIBOR+1.70% due within
    


    
    


    

    

GE
Interest
      rate of EURIBOR+1.70% due within
    
    
    
    


    

    

BES
Interest rate of
      EURIBOR+1.70% due within
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    


    
    


    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    





    





    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    





    




716

    

inventory. 




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Loan from Industrial and
      Commercial Bank of China

    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    
    
    
    

466

    

    



    
    
    
    

072

    

    



    
    
    
    


    

    



    
    
    
    


    

    



    
    
    
    

010

    

    



    
    
    
    


    

    



    
    
    
    

629

    

    



    

509

    
    

629

    

    



    

016

    
    
    
    

    



    

851

    
    
    
    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Loan from China Minsheng
      Bank Corporation
 Linyi Branch
    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    
    
    
    

629

    

    



    
    
    
    


    

    



    

540

    
    
    
    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Loan from Agricultural Bank of China
      Junan Branch
    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    
    
    
    

629

    

    



    

203

    
    
    
    

    



    

081

    
    
    
    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Loan from Agricultural
      Bank of China
 Luotian Branch
    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    
    
    
    

629

    

    



    
    
    
    

117

    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

China Agricultural
      Development Bank

    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    
    
    
    


    

    



    
    
    
    


    

    



    


    
    
    
    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Luotian Sanliqiao Credit Union

    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    
    
    
    


    

    



    

002

    
    
    
    




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

Bank of Ningbo




    




    



    



    
    
    
    

629

    

    






232





    


  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Hankou Bank
 Guanggu
      Branch



    




    



    



    
    
    
    

629

    

    






540





    


  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Postal Savings Bank of
      China



    




    



    



    


    
    
    
    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Bank of Rizhao

    
    
    
    
    
    

    





    





629




    



    

540

    
    
    
    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

China Construction Bank

    
    
    
    
    
    

    





    









    



    
    
    
    


    

    





    









    



    
    
    
    


    

    











    


  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Luotian County Ministry of
      Finance



    




    



    



    


    
    
    
    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Huaxia Bank

    
    
    
    
    
    

    





    





629




    



    

540

    
    
    
    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

City of Linyi Commercial Bank
 Junan
      Branch

    
    
    
    
    
    

    






540





    



    



    

081

    
    
    
    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Bank of China
 Paris Branch
    
    
    
    
    
    

    






363






622







NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    






726
875






954
048



  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

BNP Paribas



    




    



    



    
    
    
    


    

    





    









    



    
    
    
    


    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

CIC Lorient Enterprises

    
    
    
    
    
    

    





    









    



    
    
    
    


    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Credit Agricole

    
    
    
    
    
    

    





    









    



    
    
    
    


    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

LCL Banque et Assurance

    
    
    
    
    
    

    





    








  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Banque Tarneud



    




    



    



    
    
    
    


    

    





    








  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

BPI France



    




    



    



    
    
    
    


    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Soci&#233;t&#233; G&#233;n&#233;rale

    
    
    
    
    
    

    

















    

    




329

    




928

    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    




310

    




645




 which are
denominated in the functional currencies Renminbi (RMB) and Euros
 were
primarily obtained for general working capital. If not otherwise indicated in
the below remarks
 short-term loans are guaranteed by either companies within
the group or personnel who hold a management role within the group. 




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
CURRENT PORTION &#150; LONG TERM
DEBT

debentures
 and long-term debt consisted of the following as of December 31
2015 and 2014: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    

Note payable issued by
      Shanghai Pudong Development Bank
    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    
    
    
    

032

    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Debenture issued by 5 private placement
by Guoyuan Securities Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    

703

    
    
    
    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Debenture issued by 2
by Daiwa SSC Securities Co.
      Ltd.
    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    

703

    
    
    
    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

BNP Paribas

    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    


    
    
    
    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

CIO

    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    


    
    
    
    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Credit Agricole

    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    


    
    
    
    

    



    


    
    
    
    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Banque Tarneud

    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    


    
    
    
    

    



    


    
    
    
    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

BPI France

    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    


    
    
    
    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Soci&#233;t&#233; G&#233;n&#233;rale

    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    


    
    
    
    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

LCL

    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    


    
    
    
    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Loans from China
      Development Bank
    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    
    
    
    

140

    

    



    
    
    
    

303

    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Loans from Deutsche
      Investitions-und
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    

875

    
    

875

    

    



    

875

    
    

875

    

    







875

    






  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    




197

    




226




with DEG in semi-annual installments on September 15
 2012. As of December 31
2015 and 2014
 the Company has repaid $0 and $9
375
000 in principal. The loan
was collateralized with the following terms:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


      amount of about USD 12
000
000 on its land and building in favor of DEG.

    
    

      Undertake to provide a share pledge of Mr. Si Chen
 its majority
      shareholder
 or shares as the sponsor in the amount of about USD
      12
000
000 in form and substance satisfactory to DEG

    
    

      The total amount of the first ranking mortgage as indicated in the Loan
      Agreement (Article 12(1)(a)) and the value of the pledged shares of Mr. Si
      Chen (Loan Agreement (Article 12(1)(a))) should be at least USD
      24
000
000.

    
    

      Undertake to provide a guarantee from the Shareholder in form and
      substance satisfactory to DEG.

negotiation with DEG to reschedule the three installment repayments.




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
NOTES PAYABLE AND CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY
    NOTE

following as of December 31
 2015 and 2014: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Notes payable issued by
      Hankou Bank

    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    


    
    

629

    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Notes payable issued by BNP Paribas


    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    


    
    


    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Notes payable issued by
      CIC Lorient Enterprises

    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    


    
    

434

    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Notes payable issued by Credit
      Agricole

    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    



    
    



    

    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Notes payable issued by LCL Banque et
      Assurance

    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    


    
    


    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Notes payable issued by
      Soci&#233;t&#233; G&#233;n&#233;rale

    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    


    
    


    
  
    

    




    




    

    

    




965

    




005

    

third party guarantors. 

of the following as of December 31
 2015 and 2014: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Note issued by Jade Lane
      Group Limited
    
    
    
    
    
    

    







    




500

    

    

    




    



    width=12%

500
000




 interest
on the outstanding Principal Amount accrues at a rate of 4.5% per annum
 and all
accrued but unpaid interest is due and payable on December 31
 2014 and on the
last day of each quarter thereafter. If the Note is not converted pursuant to
the terms of the Note
 additional interest on the outstanding Principal Amount
shall accrue at a rate of 4.5% per annum and is payable at the maturity of the
Note. Unless the Note is otherwise accelerated or converted
 the unpaid
Principal Amount of the Note
 together with all accrued but unpaid interest
 is
due and payable
 at the election of the Holder
 on September 13
 2014 or March
13
 2015 (&#147;Maturity Date&#148;)
 provided
 however
 if Holder fails to notify the
Company in writing by August 13
 2014 that it elects the maturity date of
September 13
 2014
 then the Maturity Date will be extended to March 13
 2015.
The Company did not receive the notification from the Holder to elect the
maturity date of December 31
 2014; therefore
 the maturity date will be March
13
 2015. On March 12
 2015
 the Company and Jade Lane Group Limited entered
into an agreement to repayment terms of the promissory note in the amount of
$3
500
000 issued to the Company on March 13
 2014. On April 20
 2015
 the
Company repaid the promissory note in form of both cash payment of $791
433 and
conversion of 2
355
276 shares of common stock at a conversion price of $1.15
per share. 




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

following as of December 31
 2015 and 2014:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    

    
    

187
542

    
    

664
596

    

    

    
    

370

    
    


    

    



    


    
    


    

    

    
    


    
    


    

    

    
    


    
    


    

    

    
    


    
    


    

    

    
    


    
    


    

    

    





    





    

    

    




863

    




320




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER
  PAYABLES

consisted of the following as of December 31
 2015 and 2014: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    



    
    
    
    

751

    

    

    
    


    
    


    

    

    
    

700

    
    

359

    

    

    
    

029

    
    


    

    

    
    


    
    


    

    

    
    


    
    


    

    

    
    
    
    
    


    

    

    





    





    

    

    




740

    




153




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

consisted of the following as of December 31
 2015 and 2014: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    

Loans from Deutsche
      Investitions-und
    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    
    
    
    

875

    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

BNP Paribas

    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    
    
    
    


    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

CIC Lorient
      Enterprises

    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    
    
    
    


    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Credit Agricole

    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    
    
    
    


    

    



    
    
    
    


    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

LCL Banque et Assurance

    
    
    
    
    
    




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    



    
    
    
    


    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Soci&#233;t&#233; G&#233;n&#233;rale

    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    
    
    
    


    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Banco Portugue de Negocios

    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    


    
    


    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    


    
    


    

    


    





    




707




with DEG in semi-annual installments on September 15
 2012. As of December 31
2015 and 2014
 the Company has repaid $0 and $9
375
000 in principal. The loan
was collateralized with the following terms: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


      amount of about USD 12
000
000 on its land and building in favor of DEG.
      

    
    


 its
      majority shareholder
 or shares as the sponsor in the amount of about USD
      12
000
000 in form and substance satisfactory to DEG 

    
    


      indicated in the Loan Agreement (Article 12(1)(a)) and the value of the
      pledged shares of Mr. Si Chen (Loan Agreement (Article 12(1)(a))) should
      be at least USD 24
000
000. 

    
    


      form and substance satisfactory to DEG. 

and debentures consisted of the following as of December 31
 2015 and 2014: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
Debenture issued by 5
underwritten by Guoyuan Securities Co.
      Ltd.


    




    



    


    

544

    
    

290

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Debenture issued by 2 private placement
      holders
    
    
    
    
    
    

    












290



  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    






544







581




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

 2007
 the Company
underwent a reverse-merger and a concurrent financing transaction that resulted
in 24
923
178 shares of outstanding common stock that remained unchanged through
December 31
 2007. In connection with the financing
 the Company also issued
1
037
858 and 489
330 warrants to the PIPE investors and placement agent
respectively. During 2008
 several holders of warrants issued in connection with
the financing transaction exercised their rights to purchase shares at the
prescribed exercise price. The holders of the warrants exercised the right to
purchase a total of 360
207 shares; however
 because the holders did not pay in
cash for the warrants
 110
752 of those shares were cancelled as consideration
in lieu of the warrant holders paying in cash. Ultimately
 249
455 of new shares
were issued to those who exercised their warrant. The Company also made an
adjustment to its outstanding share count for rounding errors as result of the split and reverse splits made at the time of the
reverse merger. The number of shares in the adjustment was an addition of seven
shares. The Company believes the adjustment of seven shares is immaterial to
both prior and current earnings per share calculation.




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

 the Company
issued 56
393 shares of stock to its employees and vendors and 5
011
169 shares
to investors. The Company issued 1
334
573 stock options to employees on July
28
 2009; 1
753
909 shares of Series A warrants and 501
115 shares of Series B
warrants were issued to investors on October 28
 2009. As of December 31
 2015
1
753
909 shares of Series A warrants are outstanding; concurrently
 501
115
shares of Series B warrants and all stock options to employees from the 2009
stock incentive program have expired. 

 the Company
issued 2
000 shares to a service provider on February 10
 2010 and 81
155
warrants to various service providers on January 5
 2010. The Company issued to
investors 3
440
800 shares at an agreed price of $2.80 per share for a PIPE
financing on September 10
 2010. This financing brought $8
955
730 net proceeds
to the Company. The Company issued 5
000 shares to its employee on September 23
2010. 731
707 shares of restricted stock were issued to the owner of Shandong
Greenpia
 Mr. Ji Zhenwei on September 24
 2010 as part of acquisition cost. As
of December 31
 2015
 81
155 warrant shares issued to various service providers
has expired. 

 2015
and 2014
 the Company transferred $1
621
749 and $4
642
404 from retained
earnings to statutory reserve. These transfers are to be used for future company
development
 recovery of losses and increase of capital
 as approved
 to expand
production or operations. 

 2014
the Company issued 300
000 shares to a consulting company as its financial
advisor for management consulting and advisory services. 

 2015
the Company issued 987
500 shares as stock compensation to employees and
2
355
276 shares upon conversion of the convertible promissory note to Jade
Lane. 

 the
total number of outstanding shares at December 31
 2015 was 38
259
490. 
Capitalization Reconciliation
Table 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



    
    
    
    


    

000

    

172
640 




    
    

393 


    
    
    

011
169 




    
    

000 


    
    
    

440
800 


    
    
    

000 




    
    

707 




    
    

000 




    
    

092 




    
    

073 




    
    

840 


    
    
    

000 




    
    

355
276 


    
    
    

500 


    
    
    

259
490 




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

the following: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    

      Economic Development Investment Corporation
 which is a state-owned
      interest.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      Alcides Branco
 and Nuno Branco.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

consisted of the following as of December 31
 2015 and 2014: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    

    
    


472

    
    


037

    

    

    
    

526

    
    

874

    

    

    




315

    




641

    

    

    




315
437
    




553
660
    

following as of December 31
 2015 and 2014: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    

    
    




    

241




    

    
    


    
    


    

    

    








    



    

    
    

382

    
    

624

    

    

    



628






834




    

    
    

271

    
    

665

    

    

    








    



    

    
    


    
    


    

    

    



224










    

    
    


    
    


    

    

    









059




    

    
    

811

    
    

131

    

    

    



997






797




    

    
    


    
    
    
    

    

    













    

    
    
    
    
    


    

    

    



494










    

    
    
    
    
    
    



    

    
    


    
    

930

    

    

    
    


    
    


    

    

    
    
    
    
    

470

    

    

    
    

717

    
    

359

    

    

    
    

386

    
    

225

    

    

    
    


    
    


    

    

    
    


    
    


    

    

    
    

731

    
    


    

    

    
    


    
    

182

    

    

    
    

200

    
    


    

    

    
    
    
    
    


    

    

    




315
437
    




553
660
    




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

the PRC
 France
 and Portugal
 and in accordance with the relevant tax laws and
regulations. The corporate income tax rate for each country is as follows: &#149;
PRC tax rate is 25%.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    

  PRC tax rate is 25%.

    
    
    

    
    
    

reconciliation of the differences between the statutory and effective tax
expenses for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    



    

845
588

    
    

397
757

    

    

    
    

520

    
    


    

    

    
    

324

    
    

495

    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    

515

    
    

089

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    




515

    




089

    
Per Share Effect of Tax
Exemption

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    



    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    




108

    




724

    

    

    




    







statutory income tax rate and the Company&#146;s effective tax rate was as follows
for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    



    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    
    
    
    
    
    

    







    




    

    

    




    




    




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

 2008
 the PRC
government implemented a new 25% tax rate across the board for all enterprises
regardless of whether domestic or foreign enterprise without any tax holiday
which is defined as &#147;two-year exemption followed by three-year half exemption&#148;
hitherto enjoyed by tax payers. As a result of the new tax law of a standard 25%
tax rate
 tax holidays were terminated as of December 31
 2007. However
 PRC
government has established a set of transition rules to allow enterprises that
were already participating in tax holidays before January 1
 2008
 to continue
enjoying the tax holidays until being fully utilized.

asset as a result of its net operating loss in as of and before December 31
2015 because the Company planned to setup operations in the United States. The
company anticipates that the operations within the United States will generate
income in the future so that it will be able to take full advantage of the
accrued tax asset. Accordingly the Company has not provided a valuation
allowance for the accrued tax asset. 

its Chinese subsidiaries for 2015 and 2014 in the following table: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    

    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

earnings per share were as follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    
For the
      years ended 
    

    

    
    
December
      31
 
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    
    
    
    
    
    

    







191

    




406

    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    



      Available to Common Stockholders 




990

    




752

    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    



      Available to Common Stockholders 




990

    




752

    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    







990

    




752

    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    

916

    
    

616

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    




191

    





    

    

    




108

    
    

    34
724

    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Additions from Potential
      Events 
    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    
    
    
    
    
    

    







    







    







108

    




724

    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    

108

    
    

724

    

    

    
    

108

    
    

724






NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

 2009
 the Company&#146;s Board
of Directors adopted the American Lorain Corporation 2009 Incentive Stock Plan
(the &#147;Plan&#148;). The Plan provides that the maximum number of shares of the
Company&#146;s common stock that may be issued under the Plan is 2
500
000 shares.
The Company&#146;s employees
 directors
 and service providers are eligible to
participate in the Plan.

 2009
the Company recorded a total of $166
346 of shared based compensation expense.
The Company issued warrants that upon exercise would result in the issuance of
1
334
573 common shares. These stock options vest over three years
 where 33.33%
vest annually. The expense related to the stock options was $107
375. The
Company also recorded expense of $58
971 for the issuance of 56
393 common
shares to participants; these common shares vested immediately. Given the
materiality and nature of share based compensation
 the entire expense has been
recorded as general and administrative expenses. For the year ended December 31
2010
 the Company recorded a total of $890
209 stock option and its related
general and administrative expenses. 

 2014 the Company&#146;s
board of directors approved the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (&#147;2014 Plan&#148;)
 which
was approved at the annual stockholders meeting on June 9
 2014. Subject to
adjustment as provided in the 2014 Plan
 the total number of shares of Common
Stock reserved and available for delivery in connection with awards under the
2014 Plan is 3
000
000. As of December 31
 2015
 987
500 shares were issued to
employees as stock awards. The 2014 Plan replaces the Company&#146;s 2009 Incentive
Stock Plan (the &#147;Prior Plan&#148;) and no additional stock awards shall be granted
under the Prior Plan. All outstanding stock awards granted under the Prior Plan
shall remain subject to the terms of the Prior Plan with respect to which they
were originally granted. 

realized. For years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company has yet to
repatriate its earnings. Accordingly it has not recognized any deferred tax
assets or liability in regards to benefits derived from the issuance of stock
options. 

 2015
and 2014
 the Company did not grant any stock options. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

      agreement leasing a factory building located in Dongguan
 China. The lease
      was signed by Shandong Lorain on behalf of Dongguan Lorain and expires on
      August 9
 2018. 

this property at December 31
 2015 are shown in the following table:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    
    
    

    

    
    


    

    

    
    


    

    

    








    

    
    


    






NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

December 31
 2015 was $242
011. 

this property at December 31
 2014 are shown in the following table:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    
    
    

    

    
    


    

    

    
    


    

    

    
    


    

    

    





    

    

    








December 31
 2014 was $334
696. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

 2013
 the
      Company entered into three operating lease agreements leasing three plots
      of land where greenhouses are maintained to grow seasonal crops. The
      leases were signed by Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. and expires on
      April 25
 2033
 May 19
 2033
 and June 19
 2033
 respectively.
  

these properties at December 31
 2015 are shown in the following tables:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    

    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    

    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    

    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    

    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    

    

    




021

    




213

    





    

    

    




392

    




665

    








the three greenhouses as of December 31
 2015 was $3
260
000. 

these properties at December 31
 2014 are shown in the following tables:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    

    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    

    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    

    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    

    

    
    


    
    


    
    





    

    




166

    




389

    





    

    


    




556

    




864

    










NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

the three greenhouses as of December 31
 2014 was $3
644
719. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

and equipment under leases classified as capital leases. For the year ended
December 31
 2015
 the Company entered into the following capital leases: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


 2015
 the Company entered into a capital lease
      agreement in the amount of RMB 1
057
571
 which was approximately USD
      166
447
 with Lessor A leasing: five production machines
 two packaging
      machine
 one assembly line
 and ten vending machines with an interest rate
      of 7% for a period of 36 months with an expiration date of June 30
 2018
      with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease expiration for
      RMB 1. 

    
    


 2015
 the Company entered into a capital lease
      agreement in the amount of RMB 2
805
493
 which was approximately USD
      441
546
 with Lessor A leasing one hundred vending machines with an
      interest rate of 7% for a period of 36 months with an expiration date of
      June 30
 2018 with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease
      expiration for RMB 1. 

    
    


 2015
 the Company entered into a capital
      lease agreement in the amount of RMB 2
163
845
 which was approximately
      USD 340
539
 with Lessor B leasing eight production machines with an
      interest rate of 7% for a period of 30 months with an expiration date of
      February 25
 2018 with an option to buy the leased assets following the
      lease expiration for RMB 100. 

    
    


 2015
 the Company entered into a capital
      lease agreement in the amount of RMB 530
439
 which was approximately USD
      83
484
 with Lessor B leasing four production machines with an interest
      rate of 7% for a period of 30 months with an expiration date of February
      25
 2018 with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease
      expiration for RMB 100. 

    
    


 2015
 the Company entered into a capital
      lease agreement in the amount of RMB 777
228
 which was approximately USD
      122
325
 with Lessor B leasing one assembly line with an interest rate of
      7% for a period of 30 months with an expiration date of February 25
 2018
      with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease expiration for
      RMB 100. 

    
    


 2015
 the Company entered into a capital
      lease agreement in the amount of RMB 1
647
563
 which was approximately
      USD 259
304
 with Lessor B leasing one freezing unit with an interest rate
      of 7% for a period of 30 months with an expiration date of February 25
      2018 with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease
      expiration for RMB 100. 

future minimum lease payments under capital leases together with the present
value of the net minimum lease payments as of December 31
 2015: 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



    

929 


    

348 


    

461 


    

538
738 



      
 maintenance
 and insurance)

      thereon


391) 


    

301
347 


    

268) 


    

159
079 

current and noncurrent obligations under capital leases of $464
090 and
$694
989
 respectively. 




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

 2015
 the present
value of minimum lease payments due within one year is $1
159
079. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
CONTINGENCIES AND
LITIGATIONS

the Supreme Court of Shandong Province
 which was initially filed by Shandong
Lorain
 a subsidiary of the Company
 against Junan Hengji Real Estate
Development Co.
 Ltd. (Junan Hengji) in November 2013 at Linyi City
Intermediate People's Court of Shandong Province (the Linyi Court). Shandong
Lorain added Jiangsu Hengan Industrial Investment Group Co.
 Ltd. (Heng An
Investment) as a co-defendant after the case was first filed at Linyi
Court.

 Shandong Lorain and
Junan Hengji entered into a cooperative development agreement (the Agreement)
and in March 2011
 Heng An Investment
 an affiliated company of Junan Hengji
also entered into the Agreement with Shandong Lorain to jointly develop the
project with Junan Hengji. Pursuant to the Agreement. Junan Henji and Heng An
Investment are required to pay Shandong Lorain a total RMB 20 million
(approximately $3
225
806) fixed return according to the development status of
the project developed by Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment. The payment was
due and unpaid to Shandong Lorain. Shandong Lorain and the Company evaluated the
potential claims against Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment
 disputes between
the parties with respect to out of pocket expenses paid by Junan Hengji as well
as the litigation fee that is required to be paid to the court based upon the
amount claimed. Ultimately
 Shandong Lorain decided to file the lawsuit with
Linyi Court to claim a fixed return of RMB 10 million (approximately $1
540
666)
first. 

 the Linyi Court had
its first trial session. During the trial
 Heng An Investment filed a
counterclaim against Shandong Lorain for repayment of out of pocket expenses
which would off-set the entire fixed return plus additional unpaid expenses of
RMB 4
746
927 (approximately $765
633). Shandong Lorain responded that Heng An
Investment does not have standing to file the counter-claim because the out of
pocket payments were made by Junan Hengji. In November 2014
 the court had a
second trial session and completed its discovery process. On March 21
 2015
Shandong Lorain received Linyi Court's decision that rejected Shandong Lorain's
claim for RMB 10
000
000 against Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment. On April
3
 2015
 Shandong Lorain appealed the decision to the Supreme Court of Shandong
Province. In November
 2015
 Supreme Court of Shandong Province vacated the
decision of the Linyi Court and remanded the case back to the Linyi Court for a
retrial. The retrial is scheduled at the end of April
 2016.

 the Supreme Court of
Shandong Province dismissed the decision of the Linyi Court and remanded the
case back to the Linyi Court for a retrial. The retrial is scheduled at the end
of April 2016.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      

 the age
of account receivables have been less than one year indicating that the Company
is subject to minimal risk borne from credit extended to customers. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      

rate risk when short term loans become due and require refinancing. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
Economic and political
risks

in the PRC. Accordingly
 the Company&#146;s business
 financial condition
 and
results of operations may be influenced by changes in the political
 economic
and legal environments in the PRC. 

are subject to special considerations and significant risks not typically
associated with companies in North America and Western Europe. These include
risks associated with
 among others
 the political
 economic and legal
environment and foreign currency exchange. The Company&#146;s results may be
adversely affected by changes in the political and social conditions in the PRC
and by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations
anti-inflationary measures
 currency conversion
 remittances abroad
 and rates
and methods of taxation
 among other things. 




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      

licenses required by the PRC government. The Company has both a water treatment
facility for water used in its production process and secure transportation to
remove waste off site. In the event of an accident
 the Company has purchased
insurance to cover potential damage to employees
 equipment
 and local
environment. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      

levels. Historically inflation has not materially impacted the company&#146;s
financial statements; however
 significant increases in the price of raw
materials and labor that cannot be passed on the Company&#146;s customers could
adversely impact the Company&#146;s results of operations. 














   









 2015


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
  


      Holdings


  

    
    

    

      of China 

    
    

    

      of China 

    
    

    

      of China 

    
    



    



    



    


















   







on Form S-8 (No. 333-160822) and Form S-3 (No. 333-164605
 No. 333-169815 and
No. 333-205927) of American Lorain Corporation of our report dated April 14
2016 with respect to the consolidated financial statements of American Lorain
Corporation
 which report appears in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of American
Lorain Corporation of the year ended December 31
 2015. 


  
    



  





  


    














   






PURSUANT TO SECTION
302

 Si Chen
 certify that: 

Lorain Corporation.

 this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

 the financial statements
 and other
financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the
Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 

responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:

and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed
under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the
Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to
be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

Registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as
of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


in the Registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred
during the Registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant&#146;s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or
is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&#146;s internal control
over financial reporting; and

disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting
 to the Registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the
Registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
Registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
information; and 

 whether or not material
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
Registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting.

 2016

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    


    

    
    

    
    

    
    













   






PURSUANT TO SECTION
302

 Xiang Zhou
 certify that:

Lorain Corporation.

 this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

 the financial statements
 and other
financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the
Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 

responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed
under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the
Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to
be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

Registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as
of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


in the Registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred
during the Registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant&#146;s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or
is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&#146;s internal control
over financial reporting; and 

disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting
 to the Registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the
Registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
Registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
information; and 

 whether or not material
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
Registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting.

 2016 
Title: Chief
Financial Officer













   






AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

Corporation (the &#147;Company&#148;) on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31
 2015
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
&#147;Report&#148;)
 the undersigned
 in the capacities and on the date indicated below
hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to his knowledge: 

13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

 in
all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation of the
Company. 

 2016

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    


    

    
    

    
    

    
    













   






AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

Corporation (the &#147;Company&#148;) on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31
 2015
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
&#147;Report&#148;)
 the undersigned
 in the capacities and on the date indicated below
hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to his knowledge:

13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

 in
all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation of the
Company. 

 2016
Title: Chief
Financial Officer



















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      



    


    




        


        




    


    


    


    


    

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;1.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;ORGANIZATION
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION
 AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(a)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Organization history of American Lorain Corporation (formerly known as Millennium Quest
 Inc.)&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;American Lorain Corporation (the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;ALN&amp;#8221;) was originally a Delaware corporation incorporated on February 4
 1986. On November 12
 2009
 the Company filed a statement of merger in the state of Nevada to transfer the Company&amp;#8217;s jurisdiction from Delaware to Nevada.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(b)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Organization history of International Lorain Holding Inc. and its subsidiaries&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      ALN owns
      100% of the equity of International Lorain Holding Inc. (&amp;#8220;ILH&amp;#8221;). ILH is a Cayman Islands company incorporated on August 4
 2006 and was wholly-owned by Mr. Hisashi Akazawa until May 3
 2007. ILH presently has two direct wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Junan Hongrun and Luotian Lorain
 and three indirectly wholly-owned subsidiaries through Junan Hongrun
 which are Beijing Lorain
 Dongguan Lorain
 and Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Shandong Greenpia&amp;#8221;).
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      In addition
 the Company directly and indirectly has
      80.2% ownership of Shandong Lorain. The rest of the
      19.8%
 which is owned by the State under the name of Shandong Economic Development Investment Co. Ltd.
 is not included as a part of the Group.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On April 9
 2009
 the Company
 through its Junan Hongrun subsidiary
 invested cash to establish Dongguan Lorain. Dongguan Lorain is indirectly
      100% beneficially owned by the Company.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On June 28
 2010
 the Company signed an equity transfer agreement with Shandong Greenpia. Shandong Greenpia was originally directly owned by Taebong Inc. and Shandong Luan Trade Company. The Company paid $2
100
000
      to Korean Taebong Inc. for
      50% equity of Shandong Greenpia on September 20
 2010. On September 23
 2010
 the Company issued
      731
707
      shares of restricted stock at an agreed price of $2.87
      per share to the owner of Shandong Luan Trade Company
 Mr. Ji Zhenwei
 for the remaining
      50% equity of Shandong Greenpia. Since September 23
 2010
 Shandong Greenpia was directly owned by both Junan Hongrun and ILH. As a result
 Shandong Greenpia is
      100% owned by the Company. Accordingly
 the Company booked a gain of $383
482
      which is included in the statement of income as other income.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On February 7
 2014
 American Lorain Corporation
 through its indirect wholly owned subsidiary
 Junan Hongrun entered into two Share Purchase Agreements with Intiraimi
 a limited liability company organized under the laws of France and Biobranco II
 a company organized under Portuguese law
 respectively
 to acquire
      51% of the share capital of Athena Group. On June 30
 2014
 Junan Hongrun officially completed the acquisition and controlled total
      51% shares of Athena Group.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(c)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Business Activities&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company develops
 manufactures
 and sells convenience foods (including ready-to-cook (or RTC) foods; ready-to-eat (or RTE) foods and meals ready-to-eat (or MRE); chestnut products; and frozen foods
 in hundreds of varieties. The Company operates through indirect Chinese and European subsidiaries. The products are sold in domestic markets as well as exported to foreign countries and regions such as Japan

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;2.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(a)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Method of accounting&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company maintains its general ledger and journals with the accrual method accounting for financial reporting purposes. The financial statements and notes are representations of management. Accounting policies adopted by the Company conform to generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America and have been consistently applied in the presentation of financial statements
 which are compiled on the accrual basis of accounting.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company regrouped certain accounts in its presentation of changes in assets and liabilities in the statement of cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2015 in order to be consistent with the presentation provided for the year ended December 31
 2014. There was no impact on earnings for the regrouping.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(b)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Principles of consolidation&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          The consolidated financial statements which include the Company and its subsidiaries are compiled in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated. The consolidated financial statements include
          100% of assets
 liabilities
 and net income or loss of those wholly-owned subsidiaries; ownership interests of non-controlling investors are recorded as non-controlling interests.
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;As of December 31
 2015
 the detailed identities of the consolidating subsidiaries are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
                      &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;
                    &lt;i&gt;Place of&lt;/i&gt;
                  &lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;
                    &lt;i&gt;Attributable&lt;/i&gt;
                  &lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;
                    &lt;i&gt;Registered&lt;/i&gt;
                  &lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                    &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
                    &lt;b&gt;
                      &lt;i&gt;Name of Company&lt;/i&gt;
                    &lt;/b&gt;
                  &lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;
                    &lt;i&gt;incorporation&lt;/i&gt;
                  &lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;
                    &lt;i&gt;equity interest %&lt;/i&gt;
                  &lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;
                    &lt;i&gt;capital&lt;/i&gt;
                  &lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;International Lorain Holding Inc.&lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Cayman Islands&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  100
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                  &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;
                    47
943
597
                  &lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  100
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;
                    46
096
723
                  &lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Shandong Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  80.2
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;
                    12
462
403
                  &lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  100
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;
                    1
540
666
                  &lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Luotian Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  100
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;
                    3
902
322
                  &lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  100
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;
                    2
366
463
                  &lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Dongguan Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  100
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;
                    154
067
                  &lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Athena&lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;France&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  51
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;
                    13
907
                  &lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Sojafrais&lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;France&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  51
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;
                    5
563
                  &lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;SCI Siam&lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;France&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  51
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;
                    848
                  &lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;SCI Giu Long&lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;France&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  51
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;
                    5
563
                  &lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Cacovin&lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Portugal&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  51
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;
                    305
955
                  &lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(c)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Use of estimates&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Management makes these estimates using the best information available at the time the estimates are made; however
 actual results could differ materially from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(d)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(e)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Investment securities&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company classifies securities it holds for investment purposes into trading or available-for-sale. Trading securities are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term. All securities not included in trading securities are classified as available-for-sale.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Trading and available-for-sale securities are recorded at fair value. Unrealized holding gains and losses on trading securities are included in the net income. Unrealized holding gains and losses
 net of the related tax effect
 on available for sale securities are excluded from net income and are reported as a separate component of other comprehensive income until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities are determined on a specific-identification basis.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;A decline in the market value of any available-for-sale security below cost that is deemed to be other-than-temporary results in a reduction in carrying amount to fair value. The impairment is charged as an expense to the statement of income and comprehensive income and a new cost basis for the security is established. To determine whether impairment is other-than-temporary
 the Company considers whether it has the ability and intent to hold the investment until a market price recovery and considers whether evidence indicating the cost of the investment is recoverable outweighs evidence to the contrary. Evidence considered in this assessment includes the reasons for the impairment
 the severity and duration of the impairment
 changes in value subsequent to year end
 and forecasted performance of the investee.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Premiums and discounts are amortized or accreted over the life of the related available-for-sale security as an adjustment to yield using the effective-interest method. Dividend and interest income are recognized when earned.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(f)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Trade receivables&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Trade receivables are recognized and carried at the original invoice amount less allowance for any uncollectible amounts. An estimate for doubtful accounts is made when collection of the full amount is no longer probable. Bad debts are written off as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(g)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Inventories&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Inventories consisting of finished goods and raw materials are stated at the lower of cost or market value. Finished goods are comprised of direct materials
 direct labor and an appropriate proportion of overhead.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(h)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Customer deposits and advances to suppliers&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Customer deposits were received from customers in connection with orders of products to be delivered in future periods.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          Advance to suppliers is a good faith deposit paid to the supplier for the purpose of committing the supplier to provide product promptly upon delivery of the Company&amp;#8217;s purchase order for raw materials
 supplies
 equipment
 building materials
 and other items necessary for our operations. Pursuant to the Company&amp;#8217;s arrangements with its suppliers
 this deposit is generally
          20% of the total amount contracted for. This type of transaction is classified as a prepayment under the account name &amp;#8220;Advance to Suppliers&amp;#8221; until such time as the Company&amp;#8217;s purchase order is delivered
 at which point this account is reduced by reclassification of the applicable amount to the appropriate asset account such as inventory or fixed assets or construction in progress.
        &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(i)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          Plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided over their estimated useful lives
 using the straight-line method with a salvage value of
          10%. Estimated useful lives of the plant and equipment are as follows:
        &lt;/p&gt;
                      &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=35%&gt;
                  20
                  -
                  40
                  years
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Landscaping
 plant and tree&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=35%&gt;
                  30
                  years
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=35%&gt;
                  1
                  -
                  10
                  years
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=35%&gt;
                  10
                  years
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=35%&gt;
                  5
                  years
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The cost and related accumulated depreciation of assets sold or otherwise retired are eliminated from the accounts and any gain or loss is included in the statement of income. The cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to income as incurred
 whereas significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(j)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Construction in progress&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Construction in progress represents direct and indirect construction or acquisition costs. The construction in progress is transferred to plant and equipment when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed. No depreciation is provided until the asset is completed and ready for intended use.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(k)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Land use rights&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          Land use rights are carried at cost and amortized on a straight-line basis over a specified period. Amortization is provided using the straight-line method over
          40
          -
          50
          years.
        &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(l)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Accounting for the impairment of long-lived assets&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The long-lived assets held by the Company are reviewed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#8220;ASC&amp;#8221;) Subtopic 360-10-35
 &amp;#8220;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets
&amp;#8221; for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of assets may not be recoverable. It is reasonably possible that these assets could become impaired as a result of technology or other industry changes. Impairment is present if carrying amount of an asset is less than its undiscounted cash flows to be generated.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;If an asset is considered impaired
 a loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market value of the asset. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. The Company believes no impairment has occurred to its assets during 2015 and 2014.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(m)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Advertising&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;All advertising costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(n)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Shipping and handling&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;All shipping and handling are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(o)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Research and development&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;All research and development costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(p)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Retirement benefits&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Retirement benefits in the form of contributions under defined contribution retirement plans to the relevant authorities are charged to the consolidated statement of income as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(q)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Income taxes&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company accounts for income tax using an asset and liability approach and allows for recognition of deferred tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future realization is uncertain.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company has implemented ASC Topic 740
 &amp;#8220;Accounting for Income Taxes.&amp;#8221; Income tax liabilities computed according to the United States
 People&amp;#8217;s Republic of China (PRC)
 and France tax laws are provided for the tax effects of transactions reported in the financial statements and consist of taxes currently due plus deferred taxes related primarily to differences between the basis of fixed assets and intangible assets for financial and tax reporting. The deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax return consequences of those differences
 which will be either taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes also are recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future income taxes. A valuation allowance is created to evaluate deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize that tax benefit
 or that future realization is uncertain.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Effective January 1
 2008
 PRC government implemented a new 25% tax rate across the board for all enterprises regardless of whether domestic or foreign enterprise without any tax holiday which is defined as two-year exemption followed by three-year half exemption hitherto enjoyed by tax payers. As a result of the new tax law of a standard 25% tax rate
 tax holidays terminated as of December 31
 2007. However
 PRC government has established a set of transition rules to allow enterprises that were already participating in tax holidays before January 1
 2008
 to continue enjoying the tax holidays until they had been fully utilized.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The standard corporate income tax in France is 33.33% except for a small or new business
 which may benefit from lower rates. In addition
 a 3.3% of social surcharge is charged to the Company&amp;#8217;s French subsidiaries if the standard corporate income tax liability exceeds EUR 763
000. Furthermore
 a 10.7% temporary surtax applies when a company&amp;#8217;s turnover exceeds EUR 250 million.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company is subject to United States Tax according to Internal Revenue Code Sections 951 and 957. Corporate income tax is imposed at progressive rates in the range of: -&lt;/p&gt;
                      &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td nowrap=nowrap width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=26%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;Taxable Income&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td nowrap=nowrap width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                    &lt;i&gt;
                      &lt;u&gt;Rate&lt;/u&gt;
                    &lt;/i&gt;
                  &lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
                  &lt;i&gt;
                    &lt;u&gt;Over&lt;/u&gt;
                  &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
                  &lt;i&gt;
                    &lt;u&gt;But Not Over&lt;/u&gt;
                  &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
                  &lt;i&gt;Of Amount Over&lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                    15%
                  &lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
                  0
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
                  50
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
                  0
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                    25%
                  &lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                  50
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                  75
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                  50
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                    34%
                  &lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
                  75
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
                  100
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
                  75
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                    39%
                  &lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                  100
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                  335
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                  100
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                    34%
                  &lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
                  335
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
                  10
000
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
                  335
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                    35%
                  &lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                  10
000
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                  15
000
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                  10
000
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                    38%
                  &lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
                  15
000
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
                  18
333
333
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
                  15
000
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                    35%
                  &lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                  18
333
333
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(r)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Statutory reserves&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          Statutory reserves are referring to the amount appropriated from the net income in accordance with laws or regulations
 which can be used to recover losses and increase capital
 as approved
 and are to be used to expand production or operations. The Company transferred $1
621
749
          and $4
642
404
          from retained earnings to statutory reserves for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014. PRC laws prescribe that an enterprise operating at a profit
 must appropriate
 on an annual basis
 an amount equal to
          10% of its profit. Such an appropriation is necessary until the reserve reaches a maximum that is equal to
          50% of the enterprise&amp;#8217;s PRC registered capital.
        &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(s)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Foreign currency translation&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The accompanying financial statements are presented in United States dollars. The functional currencies of the Company are the Renminbi (RMB) and the Euro (EUR). The financial statements are translated into United States dollars from RMB and EUR at year-end exchange rates as to assets and liabilities and average exchange rates as to revenues and expenses. Capital accounts are translated at their historical exchange rates when the capital transactions occurred.&lt;/p&gt;
                      &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  &lt;i&gt;
                    &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
                  &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  &lt;i&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year end RMB: US$ exchange rate&lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  6.4907
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  6.1385
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Annual average RMB: US$ exchange rate&lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  6.2175
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  6.1432
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year-end EUR: US$ exchange rate&lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  0.9168
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  0.8826
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Annual average EUR: US$ exchange rate&lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  0.9011
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  0.7773
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currency and all foreign exchange transactions must take place through authorized institutions. No representation is made that the RMB amounts could have been
 or could be
 converted into US Dollars at the rates used in translation.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(t)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Revenue recognition&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company's revenue recognition policies are in compliance with Staff accounting bulletin (SAB) 104. Sales revenue is recognized at the date of shipment to customers when a formal arrangement exists
 the price is fixed or determinable
 the delivery is completed
 no other significant obligations of the Company exist and collectibility is reasonably assured. Payments received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as unearned revenue.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company's revenue consists of invoiced value of goods
 net of a value-added tax (VAT). The Company allows its customers to return products if they are defective. However
 this rarely happens and amounts returned have been de minimis.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(u)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Earnings per share&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the sum of the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding and potential dilutive securities during the year. For the year ended December 31
 2015
 no warrants were issued nor were options granted. For the year ended December 31
 2010
          81
155
          warrants were issued to certain service providers. For the year ended December 31
 2009
          1
334
573
          stock options were granted to employees pursuant to the Company&amp;#8217;s equity incentive plan;
          2
255
024
          warrants were issued to investors in connection with a PIPE financing. As of December 31
 2015
          1
753
909
          shares of Series A warrants are outstanding and all stock options to employees from the 2009 stock incentive program have expired. These warrants and options could be potentially dilutive if the market price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock exceeds the exercise price for these securities.
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company computes earnings per share (&amp;#8220;EPS&amp;#8221;) in accordance with ASC Topic 260
 &amp;#8220;Earnings per share&amp;#8221; and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&amp;#8220;SAB 98&amp;#8221;). SFAS No. 128 requires companies with complex capital structures to present basic and diluted EPS. Basic EPS is measured as the income or loss available to common shareholders divided by the weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is similar to basic EPS but presents the dilutive effect on a per share basis of potential common shares (e.g.
 convertible securities
 options
 and warrants) as if they had been converted at the beginning of the periods presented
 or issuance date
 if later. Potential common shares that have an anti-dilutive effect (i.e. those that increase income per share or decrease loss per share) are excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(v)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Financial instruments&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s financial instruments
 including cash and equivalents
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts and other payables
 accrued liabilities and short-term debt
 have carrying amounts that approximate their fair values due to their short maturities. ASC Topic 820
 &amp;#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
&amp;#8221; requires disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments held by the Company. ASC Topic 825
 &amp;#8220;Financial Instruments
&amp;#8221; defines fair value
 and establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement that enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measures. The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for receivables and current liabilities each qualify as financial instruments and are a reasonable estimate of their fair values because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments and their expected realization and their current market rate of interest. The three levels of valuation hierarchy are defined as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=5%&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=90%&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Level 1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=5%&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=90%&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Level 2 inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=5%&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=90%&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Level 3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company analyzes all financial instruments with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480
 &amp;#8220;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity
&amp;#8221; and ASC 815.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;As of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company did not identify any assets and liabilities whose carrying amounts were required to be adjusted in order to present them at fair value.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(w)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Commitments and contingencies&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims
 assessments
 litigation
 fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(x)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Comprehensive income&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Comprehensive income is defined to include all changes in equity except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Among other disclosures
 all items that are required to be recognized under current accounting standards as components of comprehensive income are required to be reported in a financial statement that is presented with the same prominence as other financial statements. The Company&amp;#8217;s current component of other comprehensive income includes the foreign currency translation adjustment and unrealized gain or loss.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company uses FASB ASC Topic 220
 &amp;#8220;Reporting Comprehensive Income&amp;#8221;. Comprehensive income is comprised of net income and all changes to the statements of stockholders&amp;#8217; equity
 except the changes in paid-in capital and distributions to stockholders due to investments by stockholders. Comprehensive income for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014 included net income and foreign currency translation adjustments.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(y)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Goodwill&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable assets acquired in a business combination. In accordance with FASB ASC Topic 350
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
 goodwill is no longer subject to amortization. Rather
 goodwill is subject to at least an annual assessment for impairment
 applying a fair-value based test. Fair value is generally determined using a discounted cash flow analysis.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(z)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Recent accounting pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In January 2015
 The FASB issued ASU No. 2015-01
 &amp;#8220;Income Statement&amp;#8212;Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20)&amp;#8221;.This Update eliminates from GAAP the concept of extraordinary items. Subtopic 225-20
 Income Statement&amp;#8212;Extraordinary and Unusual Items
 required that an entity separately classify
 present
 and disclose extraordinary events and transactions. Presently
 an event or transaction is presumed to be an ordinary and usual activity of the reporting entity unless evidence clearly supports its classification as an extraordinary item. Paragraph 225-20-45-2 contains the following criteria that must both be met for extraordinary classification:&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;1.&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Unusual nature. The underlying event or transaction should possess a high degree of abnormality and be of a type clearly unrelated to
 or only incidentally related to
 the ordinary and typical activities of the entity
 taking into account the environment in which the entity operates.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;br/&gt;
        &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;2.&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Infrequency of occurrence. The underlying event or transaction should be of a type that would not reasonably be expected to recur in the foreseeable future
 taking into account the environment in which the entity operates.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;If an event or transaction meets the criteria for extraordinary classification
 an entity is required to segregate the extraordinary item from the results of ordinary operations and show the item separately in the income statement
 net of tax after income from continuing operations. The entity also is required to disclose applicable income taxes and either present or disclose earnings-per-share data applicable to the extraordinary item.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2015. A reporting entity may apply the amendments prospectively. A reporting entity also may apply the amendments retrospectively to all prior periods presented in the financial statements. Early adoption is permitted provided that the guidance is applied from the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The effective date is the same for both public business entities and all other entities.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company adopted ASU No. 2015-01 prospectively and has applied it to the presentation of the financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In September 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-16
 the guidance eliminates the requirement to restate prior period financial statements for measurement period adjustments following a business combination. The new guidance requires that the cumulative impact of a measurement period adjustment (including the impact on prior periods) be recognized in the reporting period in which the adjustment is identified. The prior period impact of the adjustment should be either presented separately on the face of the income statement or disclosed in the notes. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the pronouncement will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;As of December 31
 2015


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(a)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Method of accounting&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company maintains its general ledger and journals with the accrual method accounting for financial reporting purposes. The financial statements and notes are representations of management. Accounting policies adopted by the Company conform to generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America and have been consistently applied in the presentation of financial statements
 which are compiled on the accrual basis of accounting.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company regrouped certain accounts in its presentation of changes in assets and liabilities in the statement of cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2015 in order to be consistent with the presentation provided for the year ended December 31


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(b)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Principles of consolidation&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The consolidated financial statements which include the Company and its subsidiaries are compiled in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated. The consolidated financial statements include
      100% of assets
 liabilities
 and net income or loss of those wholly-owned subsidiaries; ownership interests of non-controlling investors are recorded as non-controlling interests.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;As of December 31
 2015
 the detailed identities of the consolidating subsidiaries are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Place of&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Attributable&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Registered&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  &lt;i&gt;Name of Company&lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;incorporation&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;equity interest %&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;capital&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;International Lorain Holding Inc.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Cayman Islands&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              100
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
              &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;
                47
943
597
              &lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              100
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;
                46
096
723
              &lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Shandong Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              80.2
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;
                12
462
403
              &lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              100
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;
                1
540
666
              &lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Luotian Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              100
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;
                3
902
322
              &lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              100
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;
                2
366
463
              &lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Dongguan Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              100
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;
                154
067
              &lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Athena&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;France&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              51
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;
                13
907
              &lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Sojafrais&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;France&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              51
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;
                5
563
              &lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;SCI Siam&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;France&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              51
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;
                848
              &lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;SCI Giu Long&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;France&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              51
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;
                5
563
              &lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Cacovin&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Portugal&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              51
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;
                305
955
              &lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(c)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Use of estimates&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Management makes these estimates using the best information available at the time the estimates are made; however


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(d)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(e)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Investment securities&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company classifies securities it holds for investment purposes into trading or available-for-sale. Trading securities are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term. All securities not included in trading securities are classified as available-for-sale.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Trading and available-for-sale securities are recorded at fair value. Unrealized holding gains and losses on trading securities are included in the net income. Unrealized holding gains and losses
 net of the related tax effect
 on available for sale securities are excluded from net income and are reported as a separate component of other comprehensive income until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities are determined on a specific-identification basis.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;A decline in the market value of any available-for-sale security below cost that is deemed to be other-than-temporary results in a reduction in carrying amount to fair value. The impairment is charged as an expense to the statement of income and comprehensive income and a new cost basis for the security is established. To determine whether impairment is other-than-temporary
 the Company considers whether it has the ability and intent to hold the investment until a market price recovery and considers whether evidence indicating the cost of the investment is recoverable outweighs evidence to the contrary. Evidence considered in this assessment includes the reasons for the impairment
 the severity and duration of the impairment
 changes in value subsequent to year end
 and forecasted performance of the investee.&lt;/p&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(f)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Trade receivables&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(g)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Inventories&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Inventories consisting of finished goods and raw materials are stated at the lower of cost or market value. Finished goods are comprised of direct materials


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(h)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Customer deposits and advances to suppliers&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Customer deposits were received from customers in connection with orders of products to be delivered in future periods.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Advance to suppliers is a good faith deposit paid to the supplier for the purpose of committing the supplier to provide product promptly upon delivery of the Company&amp;#8217;s purchase order for raw materials
 supplies
 equipment
 building materials
 and other items necessary for our operations. Pursuant to the Company&amp;#8217;s arrangements with its suppliers
 this deposit is generally
      20% of the total amount contracted for. This type of transaction is classified as a prepayment under the account name &amp;#8220;Advance to Suppliers&amp;#8221; until such time as the Company&amp;#8217;s purchase order is delivered
 at which point this account is reduced by reclassification of the applicable amount to the appropriate asset account such as inventory or fixed assets or construction in progress.


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(i)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided over their estimated useful lives
 using the straight-line method with a salvage value of
      10%. Estimated useful lives of the plant and equipment are as follows:
    &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=35%&gt;
              20
              -
              40
              years
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Landscaping
 plant and tree&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=35%&gt;
              30
              years
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=35%&gt;
              1
              -
              10
              years
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=35%&gt;
              10
              years
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=35%&gt;
              5
              years
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The cost and related accumulated depreciation of assets sold or otherwise retired are eliminated from the accounts and any gain or loss is included in the statement of income. The cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to income as incurred


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(j)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Construction in progress&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(k)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Land use rights&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Land use rights are carried at cost and amortized on a straight-line basis over a specified period. Amortization is provided using the straight-line method over
      40
      -
      50
      years.


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(l)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Accounting for the impairment of long-lived assets&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The long-lived assets held by the Company are reviewed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#8220;ASC&amp;#8221;) Subtopic 360-10-35
 &amp;#8220;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets
&amp;#8221; for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of assets may not be recoverable. It is reasonably possible that these assets could become impaired as a result of technology or other industry changes. Impairment is present if carrying amount of an asset is less than its undiscounted cash flows to be generated.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;If an asset is considered impaired


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(m)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Advertising&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(n)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Shipping and handling&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(o)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Research and development&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(p)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Retirement benefits&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(q)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Income taxes&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company accounts for income tax using an asset and liability approach and allows for recognition of deferred tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future realization is uncertain.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company has implemented ASC Topic 740
 &amp;#8220;Accounting for Income Taxes.&amp;#8221; Income tax liabilities computed according to the United States
 People&amp;#8217;s Republic of China (PRC)
 and France tax laws are provided for the tax effects of transactions reported in the financial statements and consist of taxes currently due plus deferred taxes related primarily to differences between the basis of fixed assets and intangible assets for financial and tax reporting. The deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax return consequences of those differences
 which will be either taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes also are recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future income taxes. A valuation allowance is created to evaluate deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize that tax benefit
 or that future realization is uncertain.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Effective January 1
 2008
 PRC government implemented a new 25% tax rate across the board for all enterprises regardless of whether domestic or foreign enterprise without any tax holiday which is defined as two-year exemption followed by three-year half exemption hitherto enjoyed by tax payers. As a result of the new tax law of a standard 25% tax rate
 tax holidays terminated as of December 31
 2007. However
 PRC government has established a set of transition rules to allow enterprises that were already participating in tax holidays before January 1
 2008
 to continue enjoying the tax holidays until they had been fully utilized.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The standard corporate income tax in France is 33.33% except for a small or new business
 which may benefit from lower rates. In addition
 a 3.3% of social surcharge is charged to the Company&amp;#8217;s French subsidiaries if the standard corporate income tax liability exceeds EUR 763
000. Furthermore
 a 10.7% temporary surtax applies when a company&amp;#8217;s turnover exceeds EUR 250 million.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company is subject to United States Tax according to Internal Revenue Code Sections 951 and 957. Corporate income tax is imposed at progressive rates in the range of: -&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td nowrap=nowrap width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=26%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Taxable Income&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td nowrap=nowrap width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Rate&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;Over&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;But Not Over&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Of Amount Over&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                15%
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
              0
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
              50
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
              0
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                25%
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
              50
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
              75
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
              50
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                34%
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
              75
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
              100
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
              75
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                39%
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
              100
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
              335
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
              100
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                34%
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
              335
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
              10
000
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
              335
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                35%
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
              10
000
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
              15
000
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
              10
000
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                38%
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
              15
000
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
              18
333
333
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
              15
000
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                35%
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
              18
333
333
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(r)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Statutory reserves&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Statutory reserves are referring to the amount appropriated from the net income in accordance with laws or regulations
 which can be used to recover losses and increase capital
 as approved
 and are to be used to expand production or operations. The Company transferred $1
621
749
      and $4
642
404
      from retained earnings to statutory reserves for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014. PRC laws prescribe that an enterprise operating at a profit
 must appropriate
 on an annual basis
 an amount equal to
      10% of its profit. Such an appropriation is necessary until the reserve reaches a maximum that is equal to
      50% of the enterprise&amp;#8217;s PRC registered capital.


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(s)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Foreign currency translation&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The accompanying financial statements are presented in United States dollars. The functional currencies of the Company are the Renminbi (RMB) and the Euro (EUR). The financial statements are translated into United States dollars from RMB and EUR at year-end exchange rates as to assets and liabilities and average exchange rates as to revenues and expenses. Capital accounts are translated at their historical exchange rates when the capital transactions occurred.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year end RMB: US$ exchange rate&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              6.4907
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              6.1385
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Annual average RMB: US$ exchange rate&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              6.2175
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              6.1432
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year-end EUR: US$ exchange rate&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              0.9168
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              0.8826
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Annual average EUR: US$ exchange rate&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              0.9011
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              0.7773
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currency and all foreign exchange transactions must take place through authorized institutions. No representation is made that the RMB amounts could have been
 or could be


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(t)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Revenue recognition&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company's revenue recognition policies are in compliance with Staff accounting bulletin (SAB) 104. Sales revenue is recognized at the date of shipment to customers when a formal arrangement exists
 the price is fixed or determinable
 the delivery is completed
 no other significant obligations of the Company exist and collectibility is reasonably assured. Payments received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as unearned revenue.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company's revenue consists of invoiced value of goods
 net of a value-added tax (VAT). The Company allows its customers to return products if they are defective. However


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(u)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Earnings per share&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the sum of the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding and potential dilutive securities during the year. For the year ended December 31
 2015
 no warrants were issued nor were options granted. For the year ended December 31
 2010
      81
155
      warrants were issued to certain service providers. For the year ended December 31
 2009
      1
334
573
      stock options were granted to employees pursuant to the Company&amp;#8217;s equity incentive plan;
      2
255
024
      warrants were issued to investors in connection with a PIPE financing. As of December 31
 2015
      1
753
909
      shares of Series A warrants are outstanding and all stock options to employees from the 2009 stock incentive program have expired. These warrants and options could be potentially dilutive if the market price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock exceeds the exercise price for these securities.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company computes earnings per share (&amp;#8220;EPS&amp;#8221;) in accordance with ASC Topic 260
 &amp;#8220;Earnings per share&amp;#8221; and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&amp;#8220;SAB 98&amp;#8221;). SFAS No. 128 requires companies with complex capital structures to present basic and diluted EPS. Basic EPS is measured as the income or loss available to common shareholders divided by the weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is similar to basic EPS but presents the dilutive effect on a per share basis of potential common shares (e.g.
 convertible securities
 options
 and warrants) as if they had been converted at the beginning of the periods presented
 or issuance date


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(v)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Financial instruments&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s financial instruments
 including cash and equivalents
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts and other payables
 accrued liabilities and short-term debt
 have carrying amounts that approximate their fair values due to their short maturities. ASC Topic 820
 &amp;#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
&amp;#8221; requires disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments held by the Company. ASC Topic 825
 &amp;#8220;Financial Instruments
&amp;#8221; defines fair value
 and establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement that enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measures. The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for receivables and current liabilities each qualify as financial instruments and are a reasonable estimate of their fair values because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments and their expected realization and their current market rate of interest. The three levels of valuation hierarchy are defined as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=5%&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=90%&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Level 1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=5%&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=90%&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Level 2 inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=5%&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=90%&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Level 3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company analyzes all financial instruments with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480
 &amp;#8220;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity
&amp;#8221; and ASC 815.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;As of December 31
 2015 and 2014


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(w)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Commitments and contingencies&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims
 assessments
 litigation


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(x)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Comprehensive income&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Comprehensive income is defined to include all changes in equity except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Among other disclosures
 all items that are required to be recognized under current accounting standards as components of comprehensive income are required to be reported in a financial statement that is presented with the same prominence as other financial statements. The Company&amp;#8217;s current component of other comprehensive income includes the foreign currency translation adjustment and unrealized gain or loss.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company uses FASB ASC Topic 220
 &amp;#8220;Reporting Comprehensive Income&amp;#8221;. Comprehensive income is comprised of net income and all changes to the statements of stockholders&amp;#8217; equity
 except the changes in paid-in capital and distributions to stockholders due to investments by stockholders. Comprehensive income for the years ended December 31


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(y)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Goodwill&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable assets acquired in a business combination. In accordance with FASB ASC Topic 350
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
 goodwill is no longer subject to amortization. Rather
 goodwill is subject to at least an annual assessment for impairment


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(z)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Recent accounting pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In January 2015
 The FASB issued ASU No. 2015-01
 &amp;#8220;Income Statement&amp;#8212;Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20)&amp;#8221;.This Update eliminates from GAAP the concept of extraordinary items. Subtopic 225-20
 Income Statement&amp;#8212;Extraordinary and Unusual Items
 required that an entity separately classify
 present
 and disclose extraordinary events and transactions. Presently
 an event or transaction is presumed to be an ordinary and usual activity of the reporting entity unless evidence clearly supports its classification as an extraordinary item. Paragraph 225-20-45-2 contains the following criteria that must both be met for extraordinary classification:&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;1.&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Unusual nature. The underlying event or transaction should possess a high degree of abnormality and be of a type clearly unrelated to
 or only incidentally related to
 the ordinary and typical activities of the entity
 taking into account the environment in which the entity operates.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;2.&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Infrequency of occurrence. The underlying event or transaction should be of a type that would not reasonably be expected to recur in the foreseeable future
 taking into account the environment in which the entity operates.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;If an event or transaction meets the criteria for extraordinary classification
 an entity is required to segregate the extraordinary item from the results of ordinary operations and show the item separately in the income statement
 net of tax after income from continuing operations. The entity also is required to disclose applicable income taxes and either present or disclose earnings-per-share data applicable to the extraordinary item.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2015. A reporting entity may apply the amendments prospectively. A reporting entity also may apply the amendments retrospectively to all prior periods presented in the financial statements. Early adoption is permitted provided that the guidance is applied from the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The effective date is the same for both public business entities and all other entities.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company adopted ASU No. 2015-01 prospectively and has applied it to the presentation of the financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In September 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-16
 the guidance eliminates the requirement to restate prior period financial statements for measurement period adjustments following a business combination. The new guidance requires that the cumulative impact of a measurement period adjustment (including the impact on prior periods) be recognized in the reporting period in which the adjustment is identified. The prior period impact of the adjustment should be either presented separately on the face of the income statement or disclosed in the notes. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the pronouncement will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;As of December 31
 2015


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Place of&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Attributable&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Registered&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
            &lt;b&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Name of Company&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;incorporation&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;equity interest %&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;capital&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;International Lorain Holding Inc.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Cayman Islands&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          100
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
          &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;
            47
943
597
          &lt;/font&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          100
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;
            46
096
723
          &lt;/font&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Shandong Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          80.2
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;
            12
462
403
          &lt;/font&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          100
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;
            1
540
666
          &lt;/font&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Luotian Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          100
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;
            3
902
322
          &lt;/font&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          100
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;
            2
366
463
          &lt;/font&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Dongguan Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          100
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;
            154
067
          &lt;/font&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Athena&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;France&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          51
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;
            13
907
          &lt;/font&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Sojafrais&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;France&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          51
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;
            5
563
          &lt;/font&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;SCI Siam&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;France&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          51
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;
            848
          &lt;/font&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;SCI Giu Long&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;France&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          51
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;
            5
563
          &lt;/font&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Cacovin&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Portugal&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          51
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;font color=#0d0d0d&gt;
            305
955
          &lt;/font&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=35%&gt;
          20
          -
          40
          years
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Landscaping
 plant and tree&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=35%&gt;
          30
          years
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=35%&gt;
          1
          -
          10
          years
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=35%&gt;
          10
          years
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=35%&gt;
          5
          years
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;3.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;RESTRICTED CASH&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Restricted cash represents interest bearing deposits placed with banks to secure banking facilities in the form of loans and notes payable. The restriction of funds is based on time. The funds that collateralize loans are held for
      60
      days in a savings account that pays interest at the prescribed national daily savings account rate. For funds that under lie notes payable
 the cash is deposited in six month time deposits that pay interest at the national time deposit rate.

  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;4.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;TRADE ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Trade accounts receivable&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              68
433
828
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              64
726
091
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
                  :
                &lt;/i&gt;
                Allowance for doubtful accounts
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (5
901
811
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (5
919
625
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              62
532
017
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              58
806
466
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Allowance for bad debt:&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Beginning balance&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (5
919
625
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (439
875
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Additions to allowance&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (5
479
750
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Bad debt written-off&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              17
814
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Ending balance&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (5
901
811
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (5
919
625
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The Company offers credit terms of between
      30
      to
      60
      days to most of their domestic customers
 including supermarkets and wholesalers
 around
      90
      days to most of their international customers
 and between
      0
      to
      15
      days for most of the third-party distributors the Company works with.


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Trade accounts receivable&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          68
433
828
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          64
726
091
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
              :
            &lt;/i&gt;
            Allowance for doubtful accounts
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (5
901
811
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (5
919
625
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          62
532
017
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          58
806
466
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Allowance for bad debt:&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Beginning balance&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (5
919
625
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (439
875
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Additions to allowance&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (5
479
750
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Bad debt written-off&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          17
814
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Ending balance&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (5
901
811
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (5
919
625
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;5.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;OTHER RECEIVABLES&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other receivables consisted of the following as of December 31
 2015 and 2014:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Advances to employees for job/travel disbursements&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              2
160
303
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              2
623
067
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Amount due by a non-related enterprise&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              154
067
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              162
907
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other non-related receivables&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
844
125
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              580
634
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other related party receivables&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              89
509
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
420
548
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Short-term investment sale receivable&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
540
666
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
629
062
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Vendor rebate receivable&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              6
318
586
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
767
267
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              12
107
256
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              8
183
485
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Advances to employees for job/travel disbursements consisted of advances to employees for transportation
 meals
 client entertainment
 commissions
 and procurement of certain raw materials. The advances issued to employees may be carried for extended periods of time because employees may spend several months out in the field working to procure new sales contracts or fulfill existing contracts.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Specifically
 the company uses available employees of the purchasing department to arrange purchases with desirable chestnut or other raw material growers. However
 because many of these growers are in rural farming areas of China where traditional banking and credit arrangements are difficult to implement
 the Company must utilize cash purchases and also must contract for its future needs by placing a good faith deposit in cash with the growers. However none of these advances to employees for delivery to the growers on behalf of the Company are &amp;#8220;personal loans&amp;#8221; to the employees. Advances to employees for purchase of materials in other receivables are adjusted to advances to suppliers as of December 31
 2015.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Related party receivables represented advances issued by management for job or travel disbursement in the normal course of business. The receivables had no impact on earnings. As with other employees
 officers sign notes when cash is issued to them as job or travel disbursement. In order to satisfy certain criteria for obtaining the long-term loan with DEG
 as noted in footnote
      11
 Junan Hongrun lent money to Mr. You
 Huadong to purchase life insurance. Related party receivable amounts are disclosed as &amp;#8220;other related party receivables&amp;#8221; in other receivables.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      In September 2010
 Shandong Lorain and Junan Hengji Real Estate Development Co.
 Ltd. (Junan Hengji) entered into a cooperative development agreement (the Agreement)
 and in March 2011
 Jiangsu Heng An Industrial Investment Group Co.
 Ltd. (Heng An Investment)
 an affiliated company of Junan Hengji also entered into the Agreement with Shandong Lorain to jointly develop the project with Junan Hengji. Pursuant to the Agreement
 Shandong Lorain agreed to sell the Company&amp;#8217;s interest in the amount of $7
764
577
      (RMB49
604
000) in a parcel of land located in Junan Town
 Shandong Province
 to construct residential buildings by Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment. The land was sold to Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment for a total sales price of RMB69
604
000
      and a guaranteed gross profit of RMB20
000
000
      without consideration of the profit or loss of the residential building project.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      As of December 31
 2015
 a total of RMB42
029
955
      has been received and there was an unpaid balance of RMB27
574
045. The Company filed litigation against Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment in 2014 for a claim of RMB10
000
000
 which is half of the original guaranteed profit of RMB20
000
000. The Company evaluated the potential claims against Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment
 disputes between the parties with respect to out of pocket expenses paid by Junan Hengji as well as the litigation fee that is required to be paid to the court by Shandong Lorain first based upon the amount claimed for disputes between the parties. Shandong Lorain decided to file the lawsuit with the Linyi City Intermediate People's Court to claim a fixed return of RMB10
      million (approximately US$1
540
666).
    &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On March 21
 2015
 Shandong Lorain received the Linyi City Intermediate People's Court decision that rejected Shandong Lorain's claim for RMB10
      million against Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment. On April 3
 2015
 Shandong Lorain appealed the decision to the Supreme Court of Shandong Province and the case is still in the process. The balance of the claim was deemed to be uncollectable and was written off as a loss. As of December 31
 2015
 RMB10
000
000
      (US$1
540
666) is due and payable to the Company since the decision from the lower court does not become effective until the appeal procedure is completed or expired. In November 2015
 the Supreme Court of Shandong Province vacated the decision of the Linyi Court and remanded the case back to the Linyi Court for a retrial. The retrial is scheduled at the end of April 2016.


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Advances to employees for job/travel disbursements&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          2
160
303
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          2
623
067
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Amount due by a non-related enterprise&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          154
067
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          162
907
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other non-related receivables&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
844
125
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          580
634
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other related party receivables&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          89
509
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
420
548
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Short-term investment sale receivable&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
540
666
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
629
062
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Vendor rebate receivable&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          6
318
586
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
767
267
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          12
107
256
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          8
183
485
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;6.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;INVENTORIES&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Inventories consisted of the following as of December 31
 2015 and 2014:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Raw materials&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              23
272
163
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              28
557
607
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Finished goods&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              20
439
885
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              23
090
553
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              43
712
048
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              51
648
160
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Raw materials&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          23
272
163
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          28
557
607
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Finished goods&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          20
439
885
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          23
090
553
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          43
712
048
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          51
648
160
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;7.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Property
 plant
 and equipment consisted of the following as of December 31
 2015 and 2014:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;At Cost:&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Buildings&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              82
678
210
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              87
751
232
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Land&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              209
010
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              232
946
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Landscaping
 plant and tree&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              10
331
020
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              10
923
768
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Machinery and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              22
188
630
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              21
853
334
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Office equipment&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
059
269
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
095
590
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Motor vehicles&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              592
045
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              654
324
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              117
058
184
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              122
511
194
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
                  :
                &lt;/i&gt;
                Accumulated depreciation
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Buildings&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (15
445
517
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (14
479
949
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Landscaping
 plant and tree&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (4
705
085
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (4
021
153
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Machinery and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (13
157
839
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (13
181
519
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Office equipment&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (1
199
028
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (1
252
846
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Motor vehicles&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (440
400
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (427
197
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (34
947
869
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (33
362
664
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              82
110
315
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              89
148
530
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Landscaping
 plants
 and trees accounts for the orchards that the Company has developed for agricultural operations. These orchards as well as the young trees which were purchased as nursery stock are capitalized into fixed assets. The depreciation is then calculated on a
      30
      -year straight-line method when production in commercial quantities begins. The orchards have begun production in small quantities and the Company has accounted for depreciation commencing July 1
 2010. In 2013
 the Company began leasing three greenhouses to grow seasonal crops in order to lower cost. Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014 was $4
085
891
      and $4
907
651
 respectively.


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;At Cost:&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Buildings&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          82
678
210
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          87
751
232
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Land&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          209
010
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          232
946
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Landscaping
 plant and tree&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          10
331
020
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          10
923
768
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Machinery and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          22
188
630
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          21
853
334
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Office equipment&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
059
269
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
095
590
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Motor vehicles&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          592
045
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          654
324
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          117
058
184
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          122
511
194
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
              :
            &lt;/i&gt;
            Accumulated depreciation
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Buildings&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (15
445
517
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (14
479
949
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Landscaping
 plant and tree&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (4
705
085
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (4
021
153
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Machinery and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (13
157
839
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (13
181
519
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Office equipment&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (1
199
028
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (1
252
846
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Motor vehicles&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (440
400
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (427
197
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (34
947
869
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (33
362
664
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          82
110
315
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          89
148
530
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;8.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Intangible assets consisted of the following as of December 31
 2015 and 2014:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                Land use rights
                &lt;i&gt;at cost&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              16
569
679
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              17
520
374
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                Utilities rights
                &lt;i&gt;at cost&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              47
926
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              50
676
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                Software
                &lt;i&gt;at cost&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              463
246
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              451
863
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                Patent
                &lt;i&gt;at cost&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
419
428
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              

              1
581
891
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              18
500
279
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              19
604
804
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
                  :
                &lt;/i&gt;
                Accumulated amortization
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (2
313
764
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (2
066
936
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              16
186
515
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              17
537
868
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      All land is owned by the government in China. Land use rights represent the Company&amp;#8217;s purchase of usage rights for a parcel of land for a specified duration of time
 typically
      50
      years. Amortization expense for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014 was $507
614
      and $603
682
 respectively.


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            Land use rights
            &lt;i&gt;at cost&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          16
569
679
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          17
520
374
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            Utilities rights
            &lt;i&gt;at cost&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          47
926
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          50
676
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            Software
            &lt;i&gt;at cost&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          463
246
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          451
863
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            Patent
            &lt;i&gt;at cost&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
419
428
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          

          1
581
891
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          18
500
279
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          19
604
804
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
              :
            &lt;/i&gt;
            Accumulated amortization
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (2
313
764
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (2
066
936
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          16
186
515
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          17
537
868
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;10.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;BANK LOANS&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Bank loans include bank overdrafts
 short-term bank loans
 and current portion of long-term loan
 which consisted of the following as of December 31
 2015 and 2014:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;Bank Overdrafts&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  CIC Lorient Enterprises
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  Interest rate of EURIBOR+
                  1.70% due within
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  3
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              141
210
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              380
106
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Credit Agricole
&lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;br/&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  Interest rate of EURIBOR+
                  1.70% due within
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  3
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              140
453
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              214
146
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;LCL Banque et Assurance
&lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;br/&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  Interest rate of EURIBOR+
                  1.70% due within
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  3
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              3
800
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              105
508
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Soci&amp;#233;t&amp;#233; G&amp;#233;n&amp;#233;rale
&lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;br/&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  Interest rate of EURIBOR+
                  1.70% due within
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  3
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              83
500
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              285
621
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Banque Tarneud
&lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;br/&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  Interest rate of EURIBOR+
                  1.70% due within
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  3
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              407
917
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              548
537
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  BPI France
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  Interest rate of EURIBOR+
                  1.70% due within
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  3
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
151
975
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;BNP Paribas
&lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;br/&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  Interest rate of EURIBOR+
                  1.70% due within
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  3
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              194
835
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;HSBC
&lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;br/&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  Interest rate of EURIBOR+
                  1.70% due within
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  3
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              3
459
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              22
963
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;GE
&lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;br/&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  Interest rate of EURIBOR+
                  1.70% due within
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  3
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              707
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              2
043
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;BES
&lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;br/&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  Interest rate of EURIBOR+
                  1.70% due within
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  3
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              236
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              263
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Banco Portugues de Negocios&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
672
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
864
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Banco Espirito Santo&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              3
545
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              3
951
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              981
334
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              2
716
977
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Bank overdrafts are collateralized by inventory.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;Short-term Bank Loans&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Loan from Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                7.28% per annum; due 3/4/2015
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
466
156
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                7.125% per annum; due 3/27/2015
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              4
072
656
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                1.74% per annum; due 4/10/2015
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              387
652
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                1.74% per annum; due 4/24/2015
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              895
884
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                7.28% per annum; due 6/5/2015
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
010
019
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                6.50% per annum; due 10/14/2015
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              977
437
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                7.20% per annum; due 11/2/2015
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
629
062
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                6.72% per annum; due 12/1/2015
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
509
061
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
629
062
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                6.305% per annum; due 1/4/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
016
839
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                6.955% per annum; due 4/20/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              3
851
665
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Loan from China Minsheng Bank Corporation
 Linyi Branch&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                7.8% per annum due 1/17/2015
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
629
062
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                7.8% per annum due 2/26/2015
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              814
531
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226;Interest rate at
                5.98% per annum due 9/22/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
540
666
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Loan from Agricultural Bank of China
 Junan Branch&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                7.8% per annum due 8/14/2015
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
629
062
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                7.28% per annum due 1/22/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              2
203
152
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                5.52% per annum due 9/5/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              3
081
332
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Loan from Agricultural Bank of China
 Luotian Branch&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                7.28% per annum due 3/24/2015
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
629
062
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                7.8% per annum due 8/25/2015
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              2
117
781
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;China Agricultural Development Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226;Interest rate at
                6.0% per annum due 1/7/2015
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              733
078
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226;Interest rate at
                6.0% per annum due 9/1/2015
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              814
531
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226;Interest rate at
                5.6% per annum due 1/6/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              770
333
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Luotian Sanliqiao Credit Union
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                9.36% per annum due 1/21/2015
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              162
906
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                9.72% per annum due 2/13/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              2
002
866
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Bank of Ningbo
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                6.548% per annum due 10/26/2015
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
629
062
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                7.80% per annum due 10/27/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
232
533
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Hankou Bank
 Guanggu Branch
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                6.95% per annum due 8/24/2015
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
629
062
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                6.85% per annum due 10/24/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
540
666
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Postal Savings Bank of China
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                9.72% per annum due 7/27/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              400
573
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Bank of Rizhao
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                7.80% per annum due 1/17/2015
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
629
062
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                7.28% per annum due 1/19/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
540
666
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;China Construction Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                6.16% per annum due 2/25/2015
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              814
531
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                6.60% per annum due 4/15/2015
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              798
241
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                6.60% per annum due 5/11/2015
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              521
300
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                6.60% per annum due 11/27/2015
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              814
531
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                6.18% per annum due 11/29/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              770
333
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Luotian County Ministry of Finance
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                6.18% per annum due 11/29/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              616
266
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Huaxia Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                7.8% per annum due 5/19/2015
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
629
062
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                7.8% per annum due 5/19/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
540
666
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;City of Linyi Commercial Bank
 Junan Branch
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                8.4% per annum due 2/16/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
540
666
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                7.83% per annum due 7/15/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              3
081
332
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Bank of China
 Paris Branch&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                2.80% per annum due 11/18/2015
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              4
363
002
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              3
622
666
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                2.80% per annum due 2/11/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              2
726
875
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              2
954
048
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;BNP Paribas
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                3.80% per annum due 3/14/2015
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              21
284
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                3.00% per annum due 7/15/2015
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              16
355
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                4.20% per annum due 12/20/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              73
082
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;CIC Lorient Enterprises
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                2.98% per annum due 12/20/2015
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              27
791
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                4.20% per annum due 12/20/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              108
864
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Credit Agricole
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                4.20% per annum due 12/20/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              108
864
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                1.85% per annum due 1/25/2017
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              42
947
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;LCL Banque et Assurance
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                4.20% per annum due 12/20/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              108
864
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Banque Tarneud
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                3.28% per annum due 12/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              135
624
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                2.90% per annum due 12/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              72
818
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;BPI France
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                3.42% per annum due 12/20/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              547
046
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Soci&amp;#233;t&amp;#233; G&amp;#233;n&amp;#233;rale
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                2.90% per annum due 5/15/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              25
078
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              35
329
492
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              38
928
123
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1px; valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1px; valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1px; valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1px; valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              36
310
826
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              41
645
100
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The short-term loans
 which are denominated in the functional currencies Renminbi (RMB) and Euros
 were primarily obtained for general working capital. If not otherwise indicated in the below remarks


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Bank Overdrafts&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              CIC Lorient Enterprises
              &lt;br/&gt;
              Interest rate of EURIBOR+
              1.70% due within
            &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              3
            &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          141
210
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          380
106
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Credit Agricole
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;br/&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              Interest rate of EURIBOR+
              1.70% due within
            &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              3
            &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          140
453
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          214
146
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;LCL Banque et Assurance
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;br/&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              Interest rate of EURIBOR+
              1.70% due within
            &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              3
            &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          3
800
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          105
508
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Soci&amp;#233;t&amp;#233; G&amp;#233;n&amp;#233;rale
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;br/&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              Interest rate of EURIBOR+
              1.70% due within
            &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              3
            &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          83
500
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          285
621
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Banque Tarneud
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;br/&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              Interest rate of EURIBOR+
              1.70% due within
            &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              3
            &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          407
917
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          548
537
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              BPI France
              &lt;br/&gt;
              Interest rate of EURIBOR+
              1.70% due within
            &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              3
            &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
151
975
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;BNP Paribas
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;br/&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              Interest rate of EURIBOR+
              1.70% due within
            &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              3
            &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          194
835
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;HSBC
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;br/&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              Interest rate of EURIBOR+
              1.70% due within
            &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              3
            &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          3
459
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          22
963
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;GE
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;br/&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              Interest rate of EURIBOR+
              1.70% due within
            &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              3
            &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          707
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          2
043
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;BES
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;br/&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              Interest rate of EURIBOR+
              1.70% due within
            &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              3
            &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          236
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          263
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Banco Portugues de Negocios&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
672
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
864
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Banco Espirito Santo&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          3
545
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          3
951
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          981
334
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          2
716
977
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Short-term Bank Loans&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Loan from Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            7.28% per annum; due 3/4/2015
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
466
156
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            7.125% per annum; due 3/27/2015
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          4
072
656
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            1.74% per annum; due 4/10/2015
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          387
652
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            1.74% per annum; due 4/24/2015
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          895
884
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            7.28% per annum; due 6/5/2015
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
010
019
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            6.50% per annum; due 10/14/2015
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          977
437
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            7.20% per annum; due 11/2/2015
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
629
062
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            6.72% per annum; due 12/1/2015
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
509
061
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
629
062
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            6.305% per annum; due 1/4/2016
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
016
839
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            6.955% per annum; due 4/20/2016
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          3
851
665
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Loan from China Minsheng Bank Corporation
 Linyi Branch&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            7.8% per annum due 1/17/2015
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
629
062
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            7.8% per annum due 2/26/2015
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          814
531
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226;Interest rate at
            5.98% per annum due 9/22/2016
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
540
666
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Loan from Agricultural Bank of China
 Junan Branch&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            7.8% per annum due 8/14/2015
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
629
062
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            7.28% per annum due 1/22/2016
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          2
203
152
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            5.52% per annum due 9/5/2016
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          3
081
332
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Loan from Agricultural Bank of China
 Luotian Branch&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            7.28% per annum due 3/24/2015
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
629
062
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            7.8% per annum due 8/25/2015
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          2
117
781
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;China Agricultural Development Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226;Interest rate at
            6.0% per annum due 1/7/2015
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          733
078
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226;Interest rate at
            6.0% per annum due 9/1/2015
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          814
531
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226;Interest rate at
            5.6% per annum due 1/6/2016
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          770
333
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Luotian Sanliqiao Credit Union
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            9.36% per annum due 1/21/2015
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          162
906
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            9.72% per annum due 2/13/2016
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          2
002
866
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Bank of Ningbo
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            6.548% per annum due 10/26/2015
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
629
062
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            7.80% per annum due 10/27/2016
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
232
533
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Hankou Bank
 Guanggu Branch
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            6.95% per annum due 8/24/2015
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
629
062
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            6.85% per annum due 10/24/2016
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
540
666
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Postal Savings Bank of China
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            9.72% per annum due 7/27/2016
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          400
573
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Bank of Rizhao
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            7.80% per annum due 1/17/2015
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
629
062
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            7.28% per annum due 1/19/2016
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
540
666
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;China Construction Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            6.16% per annum due 2/25/2015
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          814
531
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            6.60% per annum due 4/15/2015
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          798
241
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            6.60% per annum due 5/11/2015
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          521
300
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            6.60% per annum due 11/27/2015
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          814
531
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            6.18% per annum due 11/29/2016
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          770
333
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Luotian County Ministry of Finance
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            6.18% per annum due 11/29/2016
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          616
266
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Huaxia Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            7.8% per annum due 5/19/2015
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
629
062
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            7.8% per annum due 5/19/2016
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
540
666
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;City of Linyi Commercial Bank
 Junan Branch
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            8.4% per annum due 2/16/2016
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
540
666
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            7.83% per annum due 7/15/2016
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          3
081
332
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Bank of China
 Paris Branch&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            2.80% per annum due 11/18/2015
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          4
363
002
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          3
622
666
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            2.80% per annum due 2/11/2016
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          2
726
875
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          2
954
048
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;BNP Paribas
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            3.80% per annum due 3/14/2015
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          21
284
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            3.00% per annum due 7/15/2015
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          16
355
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            4.20% per annum due 12/20/2016
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          73
082
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;CIC Lorient Enterprises
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            2.98% per annum due 12/20/2015
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          27
791
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            4.20% per annum due 12/20/2016
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          108
864
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Credit Agricole
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            4.20% per annum due 12/20/2016
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          108
864
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            1.85% per annum due 1/25/2017
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          42
947
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;LCL Banque et Assurance
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            4.20% per annum due 12/20/2016
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          108
864
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Banque Tarneud
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            3.28% per annum due 12/2016
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          135
624
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            2.90% per annum due 12/2016
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          72
818
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;BPI France
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            3.42% per annum due 12/20/2016
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          547
046
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Soci&amp;#233;t&amp;#233; G&amp;#233;n&amp;#233;rale
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            2.90% per annum due 5/15/2016
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          25
078
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          35
329
492
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          38
928
123
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1px; valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1px; valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1px; valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1px; valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 57px; width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); width: 744px; valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          36
310
826
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          41
645
100
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;11.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;CURRENT PORTION &amp;#8211; LONG TERM DEBT&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Current portions of notes payable
 debentures
 and long-term debt consisted of the following as of December 31
 2015 and 2014:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Note payable issued by Shanghai Pudong Development Bank&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                5.9% per annum due 12/28/2015
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              13
032
500
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  Debenture issued by
                  5
                  private placement holders underwritten
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;by Guoyuan Securities Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                10% per annum due 8/28/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              7
703
329
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  Debenture issued by
                  2
                  private placement holders underwritten
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;by Daiwa SSC Securities Co. Ltd.&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                9.5% per annum due 11/8/2015
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              7
703
329
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;BNP Paribas
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                4.20% per annum due 12/20/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              97
678
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;CIO
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                4.20% per annum due 12/20/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              137
733
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Credit Agricole
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                4.20% per annum due 12/20/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              129
338
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                1.85% per annum due 1/25/2017
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              50
237
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Banque Tarneud
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                3.28% per annum due 12/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              65
336
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                2.90% per annum due 12/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              121
689
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;BPI France
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                3.42% per annum due 12/20/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              409
031
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Soci&amp;#233;t&amp;#233; G&amp;#233;n&amp;#233;rale
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                2.90% per annum due 5/15/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              17
142
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;LCL
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                4.20% per annum due 12/20/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              137
185
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Loans from China Development Bank&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                7.07% per annum due 5/20/2015
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
140
344
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                7.07% per annum due 9/24/2015
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
303
250
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Loans from Deutsche Investitions-und&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Entwicklungsgesellschaft mbH (&amp;#8220;DEG&amp;#8221;)&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                5.510% per annum due 3/15/2015
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
875
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
875
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                5.510% per annum due 9/15/2015
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
875
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
875
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                5.510% per annum due 3/15/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom-color:#000000 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom-color:#000000 valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
875
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom-style: none valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom-color:#000000 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom-color:#000000 valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom-color:#000000 valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              22
197
027
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              19
226
094
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom-color:#000000 valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The Company began repaying its loan with DEG in semi-annual installments on September 15
 2012. As of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company has repaid $0
      and $9
375
000
      in principal. The loan was collateralized with the following terms:
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;(a.)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=90%&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            Create and register a first ranking mortgage in the amount of about USD12
000
000
            on its land and building in favor of DEG.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;(b.)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=90%&gt;
          Undertake to provide a share pledge of Mr. Si Chen
 its majority shareholder
 or shares as the sponsor in the amount of about USD12
000
000
          in form and substance satisfactory to DEG
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;(c.)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=90%&gt;
          The total amount of the first ranking mortgage as indicated in the Loan Agreement (Article 12(1)(a)) and the value of the pledged shares of Mr. Si Chen (Loan Agreement (Article 12(1)(a))) should be at least USD24
000
000.
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;(d.)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=90%&gt;Undertake to provide a guarantee from the Shareholder in form and substance satisfactory to DEG.&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;12.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;NOTES PAYABLE AND CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Notes payable consisted of the following as of December 31
 2015 and 2014:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Notes payable issued by Hankou Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                5.55% per annum due 3/24/2015
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
629
062
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Notes payable issued by BNP Paribas
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#8226; Interest rate at EURIBOR +
                1.7% per annum due within
                3
                months
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              630
214
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              972
527
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Notes payable issued by CIC Lorient Enterprises
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#8226; Interest rate at EURIBOR +
                1.7% per annum due within
                3
                months
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              929
562
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
434
476
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Notes payable issued by Credit Agricole
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td rowspan=2 width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff rowspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#8226; Interest rate at EURIBOR +
                1.7% per annum due within
                3
                months
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff rowspan=2 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff rowspan=2 valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              443
203
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff rowspan=2 valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff rowspan=2 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff rowspan=2 valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              705
081
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Notes payable issued by LCL Banque et Assurance
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#8226; Interest rate at EURIBOR +
                1.7% per annum due within
                1
                months
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              516
773
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              705
081
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Notes payable issued by Soci&amp;#233;t&amp;#233; G&amp;#233;n&amp;#233;rale
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#8226; Interest rate at EURIBOR +
                1.7% per annum due within
                1
                months
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              445
995
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              559
203
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              2
965
747
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              6
005
430
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The notes payable are guaranteed by third party guarantors.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Convertible promissory note consisted of the following as of December 31
 2015 and 2014:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Note issued by Jade Lane Group Limited&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                4.50% per annum due 3/13/2015
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              3
500
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              3
500
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Under the terms of the Note
 interest on the outstanding Principal Amount accrues at a rate of
      4.5% per annum
 and all accrued but unpaid interest is due and payable on December 31
 2014 and on the last day of each quarter thereafter. If the Note is not converted pursuant to the terms of the Note
 additional interest on the outstanding Principal Amount shall accrue at a rate of
      4.5% per annum and is payable at the maturity of the Note. Unless the Note is otherwise accelerated or converted
 the unpaid Principal Amount of the Note
 together with all accrued but unpaid interest
 is due and payable
 at the election of the Holder
 on September 13
 2014 or March 13
 2015 (&amp;#8220;Maturity Date&amp;#8221;)
 provided
 however
 if Holder fails to notify the Company in writing by August 13
 2014 that it elects the maturity date of September 13
 2014
 then the Maturity Date will be extended to March 13
 2015. The Company did not receive the notification from the Holder to elect the maturity date of December 31
 2014; therefore
 the maturity date will be March 13
 2015. On March 12
 2015
 the Company and Jade Lane Group Limited entered into an agreement to repayment terms of the promissory note in the amount of $3
500
000
      issued to the Company on March 13
 2014. On April 20
 2015
 the Company repaid the promissory note in form of both cash payment of $791
433
      and conversion of
      2
355
276
      shares of common stock at a conversion price of $1.15
      per share.


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Notes payable issued by Hankou Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            5.55% per annum due 3/24/2015
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
629
062
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Notes payable issued by BNP Paribas
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#8226; Interest rate at EURIBOR +
            1.7% per annum due within
            3
            months
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          630
214
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          972
527
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Notes payable issued by CIC Lorient Enterprises
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#8226; Interest rate at EURIBOR +
            1.7% per annum due within
            3
            months
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          929
562
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
434
476
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Notes payable issued by Credit Agricole
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td rowspan=2 width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff rowspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#8226; Interest rate at EURIBOR +
            1.7% per annum due within
            3
            months
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff rowspan=2 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff rowspan=2 valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          443
203
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff rowspan=2 valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff rowspan=2 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff rowspan=2 valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          705
081
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Notes payable issued by LCL Banque et Assurance
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#8226; Interest rate at EURIBOR +
            1.7% per annum due within
            1
            months
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          516
773
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          705
081
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Notes payable issued by Soci&amp;#233;t&amp;#233; G&amp;#233;n&amp;#233;rale
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#8226; Interest rate at EURIBOR +
            1.7% per annum due within
            1
            months
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          445
995
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          559
203
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          2
965
747
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          6
005
430
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Note issued by Jade Lane Group Limited&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            4.50% per annum due 3/13/2015
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          3
500
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          3
500
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;13.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;TAXES PAYABLES&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Taxes payable consisted of the following as of December 31
 2015 and 2014:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Value added tax payable&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              2
187
542
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
664
596
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Corporate income tax payable&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              2
370
952
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              996
629
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Employee payroll tax withholding&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              9
561
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              442
382
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Property tax payable&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              87
619
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              55
872
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Stamp tax payable&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
571
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
478
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Business tax payable&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              149
610
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              158
194
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Land use tax payable&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              159
923
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              53
400
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Capital gain tax payable&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              896
483
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              947
919
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              5
863
261
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              4
320
470
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Value added tax payable&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          2
187
542
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
664
596
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Corporate income tax payable&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          2
370
952
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          996
629
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Employee payroll tax withholding&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          9
561
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          442
382
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Property tax payable&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          87
619
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          55
872
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Stamp tax payable&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
571
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
478
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Business tax payable&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          149
610
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          158
194
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Land use tax payable&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          159
923
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          53
400
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Capital gain tax payable&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          896
483
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          947
919
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          5
863
261
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          4
320
470
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;14.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER PAYABLES&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Accrued expenses and other payables consisted of the following as of December 31
 2015 and 2014:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Accrued salaries and wages&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              278
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              303
751
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Accrued utility expenses&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              331
692
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              25
631
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Accrued interest expenses&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
700
353
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
359
472
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Accrued transportation expenses&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
029
973
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              653
935
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other accruals&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              983
857
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              819
775
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Business and other taxes&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              377
957
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              505
584
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Disbursement payable&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              108
528
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Accrued staff welfare&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              316
788
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              376
378
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              4
740
898
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              4
153
054
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Accrued salaries and wages&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          278
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          303
751
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Accrued utility expenses&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          331
692
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          25
631
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Accrued interest expenses&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
700
353
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
359
472
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Accrued transportation expenses&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
029
973
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          653
935
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other accruals&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          983
857
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          819
775
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Business and other taxes&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          377
957
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          505
584
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Disbursement payable&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          108
528
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Accrued staff welfare&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          316
788
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          376
378
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          4
740
898
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          4
153
054
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;15.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;LONG-TERM DEBT&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Non-current portions of long-term debt consisted of the following as of December 31
 2015 and 2014:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Loans from Deutsche Investitions-und&lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Entwicklungsgesellschaft mbH (&amp;#8220;DEG&amp;#8221;)&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                5.510% per annum due 3/15/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
875
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;BNP Paribas
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                4.20% per annum due 12/20/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              105
863
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;CIC Lorient Enterprises
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                4.20% per annum due 12/20/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              104
394
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Credit Agricole
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                4.20% per annum due 12/20/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              104
394
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                1.85% per annum due 1/25/2017
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              38
887
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;LCL Banque et Assurance
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                4.20% per annum due 12/20/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              104
394
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Soci&amp;#233;t&amp;#233; G&amp;#233;n&amp;#233;rale
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                2.90% per annum due 5/15/2016
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              10
665
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Banco Portugue de Negocios
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#8226; Interest rate at EURIBOR 3M+spread
                2% per annum due 06/2024
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              302
431
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              337
064
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Banco Espirito Santo&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#8226; Interest rate at EURIBOR 3M+spread
                2% per annum due 06/2024
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              24
160
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              26
926
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              326
591
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              2
707
587
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Non-current portions of notes payable and debentures consisted of the following as of December 31
 2015 and 2014:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                Debenture issued by
                5
                private placement holders
              &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;underwritten by Guoyuan Securities Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              10% per annum due 8/28/2016
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              9
544
425
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              16
290
625
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                Debenture issued by
                2
                private placement holders
              &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;underwritten by Daiwa SSC Securities Co. Ltd.&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              9.5% per annum due 11/8/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 0px solid #000000;  valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 0px solid #000000;  valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 0px solid #000000;  valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 0px solid #000000;  valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              16
290
624
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom-color:#000000 valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: none valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              9
544
425
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              32
581
249
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom-color:#000000 valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Loans from Deutsche Investitions-und&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Entwicklungsgesellschaft mbH (&amp;#8220;DEG&amp;#8221;)&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            5.510% per annum due 3/15/2016
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
875
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;BNP Paribas
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            4.20% per annum due 12/20/2016
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          105
863
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;CIC Lorient Enterprises
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            4.20% per annum due 12/20/2016
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          104
394
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Credit Agricole
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            4.20% per annum due 12/20/2016
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          104
394
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            1.85% per annum due 1/25/2017
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          38
887
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;LCL Banque et Assurance
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            4.20% per annum due 12/20/2016
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          104
394
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Soci&amp;#233;t&amp;#233; G&amp;#233;n&amp;#233;rale
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            2.90% per annum due 5/15/2016
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          10
665
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Banco Portugue de Negocios
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#8226; Interest rate at EURIBOR 3M+spread
            2% per annum due 06/2024
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          302
431
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          337
064
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Banco Espirito Santo&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#8226; Interest rate at EURIBOR 3M+spread
            2% per annum due 06/2024
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          24
160
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          26
926
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          326
591
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          2
707
587
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            Debenture issued by
            5
            private placement holders
          &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;underwritten by Guoyuan Securities Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          10% per annum due 8/28/2016
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          9
544
425
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          16
290
625
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            Debenture issued by
            2
            private placement holders
          &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;underwritten by Daiwa SSC Securities Co. Ltd.&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          9.5% per annum due 11/8/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 0px solid #000000;  valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 0px solid #000000;  valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 0px solid #000000;  valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 0px solid #000000;  valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          16
290
624
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom-color:#000000 valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: none valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          9
544
425
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          32
581
249
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom-color:#000000 valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;16.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;CAPITALIZATION&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Dating back to May 3
 2007
 the Company underwent a reverse-merger and a concurrent financing transaction that resulted in
      24
923
178
      shares of outstanding common stock that remained unchanged through December 31
 2007. In connection with the financing
 the Company also issued
      1
037
858
      and
      489
330
      warrants to the PIPE investors and placement agent
 respectively. During 2008
 several holders of warrants issued in connection with the financing transaction exercised their rights to purchase shares at the prescribed exercise price. The holders of the warrants exercised the right to purchase a total of
      360
207
      shares; however
 because the holders did not pay in cash for the warrants
      110
752
      of those shares were cancelled as consideration in lieu of the warrant holders paying in cash. Ultimately
      249
455
      of new shares were issued to those who exercised their warrant. The Company also made an adjustment to its outstanding share count for rounding errors as result of the split and reverse splits made at the time of the reverse merger. The number of shares in the adjustment was an addition of seven shares. The Company believes the adjustment of seven shares is immaterial to both prior and current earnings per share calculation.
    &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      During the year 2009
 the Company issued
      56
393
      shares of stock to its employees and vendors and
      5
011
169
      shares to investors. The Company issued
      1
334
573
      stock options to employees on July 28
 2009;
      1
753
909
      shares of Series A warrants and
      501
115
      shares of Series B warrants were issued to investors on October 28
 2009. As of December 31
 2015
      1
753
909
      shares of Series A warrants are outstanding; concurrently
      501
115
      shares of Series B warrants and all stock options to employees from the 2009 stock incentive program have expired.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      During the year 2010
 the Company issued 2
000 shares to a service provider on February 10
 2010 and
      81
155
      warrants to various service providers on January 5
 2010. The Company issued to investors
      3
440
800
      shares at an agreed price of $2.80
      per share for a PIPE financing on September 10
 2010. This financing brought $8
955
730
      net proceeds to the Company. The Company issued
      5
000
      shares to its employee on September 23
 2010.
      731
707
      shares of restricted stock were issued to the owner of Shandong Greenpia
 Mr. Ji Zhenwei on September 24
 2010 as part of acquisition cost. As of December 31
 2015
      81
155
      warrant shares issued to various service providers has expired.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      For the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company transferred $1
621
749
      and $4
642
404
      from retained earnings to statutory reserve. These transfers are to be used for future company development
 recovery of losses and increase of capital
 as approved
 to expand production or operations.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      For the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company issued
      300
000
      shares to a consulting company as its financial advisor for management consulting and advisory services.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      For the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company issued
      987
500
      shares as stock compensation to employees and
      2
355
276
      shares upon conversion of the convertible promissory note to Jade Lane.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      As detailed in the table below
 the total number of outstanding shares at December 31
 2015 was
      38
259
490.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=center style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      American Lorain Corporation
      &lt;br/&gt;
      Capitalization Reconciliation Table
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;div align=center&gt;
                  &lt;table border=1 cellpadding=3 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=90%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=17%&gt;Par value authorized&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=17%&gt;Issuance date&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=17%&gt;Shares outstanding&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Common stock at 1/1/2009&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
                200
000
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
                25
172
640
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to employees and vendors during 2009&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;Various dates&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
                56
393
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to PIPE investors&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;10/28/2009&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
                5
011
169
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to service provider during 2010&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;2/10/2010&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
                2
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to PIPE investors&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;9/10/2010&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
                3
440
800
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to employee&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;9/23/2010&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
                5
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued as acquisition consideration&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;9/24/2010&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
                731
707
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to service provider during 2011&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;5/5/2011&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
                25
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to employees per stock incentive plan&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;7/20/2011&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
                27
092
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to employees per stock incentive plan&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;11/21/2011&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
                36
073
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to employees per stock incentive plan&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;10/5/2012&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
                108
840
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to service provider during 2014&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;8/22/2014&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
                300
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued upon conversion of convertible debenture&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;4/20/2015&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
                2
355
276
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to employees per stock incentive plan&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;6/12/2015&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
                987
500
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Common stock at 12/31/2015&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
                38
259
490
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;/table&gt;


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=17%&gt;Par value authorized&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=17%&gt;Issuance date&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=17%&gt;Shares outstanding&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Common stock at 1/1/2009&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          200
000
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          25
172
640
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to employees and vendors during 2009&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;Various dates&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          56
393
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to PIPE investors&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;10/28/2009&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          5
011
169
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to service provider during 2010&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;2/10/2010&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          2
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to PIPE investors&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;9/10/2010&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          3
440
800
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to employee&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;9/23/2010&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          5
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued as acquisition consideration&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;9/24/2010&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          731
707
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to service provider during 2011&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;5/5/2011&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          25
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to employees per stock incentive plan&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;7/20/2011&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          27
092
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to employees per stock incentive plan&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;11/21/2011&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          36
073
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to employees per stock incentive plan&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;10/5/2012&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          108
840
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to service provider during 2014&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;8/22/2014&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          300
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued upon conversion of convertible debenture&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;4/20/2015&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          2
355
276
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to employees per stock incentive plan&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;6/12/2015&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          987
500
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Common stock at 12/31/2015&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          38
259
490
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;17.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The non-controlling interest represents the following:&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;(1)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            19.8% equity of Shandong Lorain held by the Shandong Economic Development Investment Corporation
 which is a state-owned interest.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;(2)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            49% equity of the Athena Group held by Biobranco II
 Alcides Branco
 and Nuno Branco.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;18.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;SALES BY PRODUCT TYPE&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Sales by categories of product consisted of the following as of December 31
 2015 and 2014:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Category&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Chestnut&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              115
472
940
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              123
037
895
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Convenience food&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              54
526
645
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              58
874
609
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Frozen food&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              45
315
852
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              35
641
156
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              &lt;b&gt;
                215
315
437
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              &lt;b&gt;
                217
553
660
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Revenue by geography consisted of the following as of December 31
 2015 and 2014:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Country&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Australia&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              67
617
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              206
241
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Austria&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              48
676
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              43
390
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Azerbaijan&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              188
220
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Belgium&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
382
768
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
624
771
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;China&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              169
628
584
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              138
834
016
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;France&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              11
271
383
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              25
665
791
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Georgia&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              88
594
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Germany&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              268
007
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              993
899
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Hong Kong&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              2
224
978
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              329
163
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Israel&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              885
753
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              88
845
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Italy&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              182
323
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
059
609
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Japan&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              12
811
506
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              22
131
837
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Malaysia&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
997
244
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              2
797
391
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Morocco&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              12
431
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Netherlands&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              10
080
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              5
760
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New Zealand&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              62
321
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Philippines&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
494
160
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              811
391
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Poland&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Portugal&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              664
959
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              5
930
655
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Reunion&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              56
267
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              66
181
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Saudi Arabia&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              2
470
578
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Singapore&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
717
102
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              2
359
656
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;South Korea&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              4
386
276
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              7
225
153
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Spain&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              308
810
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              318
661
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Taiwan&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              652
014
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              545
191
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Thailand&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
731
754
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              948
165
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;United Kingdom&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              35
521
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              2
182
436
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;United States&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              3
200
410
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              835
231
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Others&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              17
328
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;
                215
315
437
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;
                217
553
660
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Category&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Chestnut&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          115
472
940
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          123
037
895
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Convenience food&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          54
526
645
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          58
874
609
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Frozen food&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          45
315
852
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          35
641
156
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          &lt;b&gt;
            215
315
437
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          &lt;b&gt;
            217
553
660
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Country&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Australia&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          67
617
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          206
241
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Austria&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          48
676
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          43
390
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Azerbaijan&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          188
220
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Belgium&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
382
768
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
624
771
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;China&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          169
628
584
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          138
834
016
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;France&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          11
271
383
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          25
665
791
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Georgia&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          88
594
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Germany&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          268
007
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          993
899
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Hong Kong&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          2
224
978
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          329
163
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Israel&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          885
753
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          88
845
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Italy&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          182
323
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
059
609
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Japan&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          12
811
506
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          22
131
837
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Malaysia&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
997
244
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          2
797
391
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Morocco&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          12
431
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Netherlands&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          10
080
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          5
760
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New Zealand&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          62
321
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Philippines&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
494
160
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          811
391
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Poland&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Portugal&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          664
959
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          5
930
655
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Reunion&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          56
267
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          66
181
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Saudi Arabia&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          2
470
578
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Singapore&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
717
102
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          2
359
656
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;South Korea&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          4
386
276
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          7
225
153
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Spain&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          308
810
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          318
661
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Taiwan&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          652
014
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          545
191
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Thailand&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
731
754
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          948
165
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;United Kingdom&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          35
521
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          2
182
436
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;United States&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          3
200
410
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          835
231
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Others&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          17
328
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            215
315
437
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            217
553
660
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;19.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;INCOME TAXES&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      All of the Company&amp;#8217;s operations are in the PRC
 France
 and Portugal
 and in accordance with the relevant tax laws and regulations. The corporate income tax rate for each country is as follows: &amp;#8226; PRC tax rate is
      25%.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=5%&gt;&amp;#8226;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=85%&gt;
          PRC tax rate is
          25%.
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=5%&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=85%&gt;
          France tax rate is
          33.3%
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=5%&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=85%&gt;
          Portugal tax rate is
          23%.
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The following tables provide the reconciliation of the differences between the statutory and effective tax expenses for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Income attributed to PRC &amp;amp; Europe&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              4
845
588
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              8
397
757
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Loss attributed to US&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (1
520
892
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (901
923
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Income before tax&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              3
324
696
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              7
495
834
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                PRC Statutory Tax at
                25% Rate
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              4
515
935
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              3
089
712
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Effect of tax exemption granted&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Income tax&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              4
515
935
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              3
089
712
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;i&gt;
        &lt;u&gt;Per Share Effect of Tax Exemption&lt;/u&gt;
      &lt;/i&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Effect of tax exemption granted&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Weighted-Average Shares Outstanding Basic&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              37
108
688
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              34
724
385
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Per share effect&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The difference between the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate and the Company&amp;#8217;s effective tax rate was as follows for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;U.S. federal statutory income tax rate&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              35%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              35%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Lower rates in PRC
 net&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
              10%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
              10%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Tax holiday for foreign investments&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              110%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              16.22%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s effective tax rate&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              135%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              41.22%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Effective January 1
 2008
 the PRC government implemented a new
      25% tax rate across the board for all enterprises regardless of whether domestic or foreign enterprise without any tax holiday which is defined as &amp;#8220;two-year exemption followed by three-year half exemption&amp;#8221; hitherto enjoyed by tax payers. As a result of the new tax law of a standard
      25% tax rate
 tax holidays were terminated as of December 31
 2007. However
 PRC government has established a set of transition rules to allow enterprises that were already participating in tax holidays before January 1
 2008
 to continue enjoying the tax holidays until being fully utilized.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company has accrued a deferred tax asset as a result of its net operating loss in as of and before December 31
 2015 because the Company planned to setup operations in the United States. The company anticipates that the operations within the United States will generate income in the future so that it will be able to take full advantage of the accrued tax asset. Accordingly the Company has not provided a valuation allowance for the accrued tax asset.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s detailed tax rates for its Chinese subsidiaries for 2015 and 2014 in the following table:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=30%&gt;China Income Tax Rate&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;Subsidiary&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;2015&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;2014&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Junan Hongran&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
              25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
              25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Luotian Lorain&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
              25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
              25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Beijing Lorain&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
              25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
              25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Shandong Lorain&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
              25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
              25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Shandong Greenpia&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
              25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
              25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Dongguan Lorain&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
              25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
              25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Income attributed to PRC &amp;amp; Europe&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          4
845
588
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          8
397
757
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Loss attributed to US&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (1
520
892
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (901
923
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Income before tax&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          3
324
696
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          7
495
834
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            PRC Statutory Tax at
            25% Rate
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          4
515
935
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          3
089
712
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Effect of tax exemption granted&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Income tax&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          4
515
935
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          3
089
712
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Effect of tax exemption granted&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Weighted-Average Shares Outstanding Basic&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          37
108
688
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          34
724
385
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Per share effect&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;U.S. federal statutory income tax rate&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          35%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          35%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Lower rates in PRC
 net&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
          10%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
          10%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Tax holiday for foreign investments&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          110%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          16.22%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s effective tax rate&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          135%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          41.22%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=30%&gt;China Income Tax Rate&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Subsidiary&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;2015&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;2014&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Junan Hongran&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Luotian Lorain&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Beijing Lorain&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Shandong Lorain&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Shandong Greenpia&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Dongguan Lorain&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;20.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td&gt;
					&lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
						&lt;b&gt;EARNINGS PER SHARE&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;
		&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
			Components of basic and diluted earnings per share were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
							&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center colspan=4 nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=27%&gt;
							&lt;b&gt;For the years ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center colspan=4 nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=27%&gt;
							&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;2015&lt;/u&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;2014&lt;/u&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								Basic Earnings Per Share Numerator&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Net Income&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							(1
191
239&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							)&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							4
406
122&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p align=justify style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Income Available to Common Stockholders&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							3
990
114&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							3
752
524&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								Diluted Earnings Per Share Numerator&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p align=justify style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Income Available to Common Stockholders&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							(3
990
114&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							)&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							3
752
524&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								Income Available to Common Stockholders on Converted Basis&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							(3
990
114&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							)&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							3
752
524&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								Original Shares:&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							34
916
714&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							34
616
714&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								&lt;i&gt;Additions from Actual Events&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								-Issuance of Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							2
191
974&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							107
671&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								Basic Weighted Average Shares Outstanding&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							37
108
688&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							34
724
385&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								Dilutive Shares:&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								&lt;i&gt;Additions from Potential Events&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								-Exercise of Investor Warrants &amp;amp; Placement Agent Warrants&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							-&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							-&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								- Exercise of Employee &amp;amp; Director Stock Options&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							-&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							-&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								Diluted Weighted Average Shares Outstanding:&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							37
108
688&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							34
724
385&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								Earnings Per Share&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								-Basic&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							0.11&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							0.11&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								-Diluted&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							0.11&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							0.11&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								Weighted Average Shares Outstanding&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								-Basic&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							37
108
688&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							34
724
385&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								-Diluted&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							37
108
688&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							34
724
385&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;


    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center colspan=4 nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=27%&gt;
        &lt;b&gt;For the years ended&lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center colspan=4 nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=27%&gt;
        &lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        &lt;b&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;2015&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        &lt;b&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;2014&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Basic Earnings Per Share Numerator&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Net Income&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        (1
191
239
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        4
406
122
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Income Available to Common Stockholders&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        3
990
114
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        3
752
524
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Diluted Earnings Per Share Numerator&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Income Available to Common Stockholders&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        (3
990
114
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        3
752
524
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Income Available to Common Stockholders on Converted Basis&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        (3
990
114
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        3
752
524
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Original Shares:&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        34
916
714
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        34
616
714
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Additions from Actual Events&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-Issuance of Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        2
191
974
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        107
671
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Basic Weighted Average Shares Outstanding&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        37
108
688
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        34
724
385
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Dilutive Shares:&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Additions from Potential Events&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-Exercise of Investor Warrants &amp;amp; Placement Agent Warrants&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        -
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        -
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;- Exercise of Employee &amp;amp; Director Stock Options&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        -
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        -
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Diluted Weighted Average Shares Outstanding:&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        37
108
688
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        34
724
385
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-Basic&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        0.11
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        0.11
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-Diluted&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        0.11
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        0.11
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Weighted Average Shares Outstanding&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-Basic&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        37
108
688
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        34
724
385
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-Diluted&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        37
108
688
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        34
724
385
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;21.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;SHARE BASED COMPENSATION&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On July 27
 2009
 the Company&amp;#8217;s Board of Directors adopted the American Lorain Corporation 2009 Incentive Stock Plan (the &amp;#8220;Plan&amp;#8221;). The Plan provides that the maximum number of shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock that may be issued under the Plan is
      2
500
000
      shares. The Company&amp;#8217;s employees
 directors
 and service providers are eligible to participate in the Plan.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      For the year ended December 31
 2009
 the Company recorded a total of $166
346
      of shared based compensation expense. The Company issued warrants that upon exercise would result in the issuance of
      1
334
573
      common shares. These stock options vest over three years
 where
      33.33% vest annually. The expense related to the stock options was $107
375. The Company also recorded expense of $58
971
      for the issuance of
      56
393
      common shares to participants; these common shares vested immediately. Given the materiality and nature of share based compensation
 the entire expense has been recorded as general and administrative expenses. For the year ended December 31
 2010
 the Company recorded a total of $890
209
      stock option and its related general and administrative expenses.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On February 19
 2014 the Company&amp;#8217;s board of directors approved the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (&amp;#8220;2014 Plan&amp;#8221;)
 which was approved at the annual stockholders meeting on June 9
 2014. Subject to adjustment as provided in the 2014 Plan
 the total number of shares of Common Stock reserved and available for delivery in connection with awards under the 2014 Plan is
      3
000
000. As of December 31
 2015
      987
500
      shares were issued to employees as stock awards. The 2014 Plan replaces the Company&amp;#8217;s 2009 Incentive Stock Plan (the &amp;#8220;Prior Plan&amp;#8221;) and no additional stock awards shall be granted under the Prior Plan. All outstanding stock awards granted under the Prior Plan shall remain subject to the terms of the Prior Plan with respect to which they were originally granted.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;No tax benefit has yet been accrued or realized. For years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company has yet to repatriate its earnings. Accordingly it has not recognized any deferred tax assets or liability in regards to benefits derived from the issuance of stock options.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;For the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;22.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;LEASE COMMITMENTS&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;(a.)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=90%&gt;The Company entered into an operating lease agreement leasing a factory building located in Dongguan
 China. The lease was signed by Shandong Lorain on behalf of Dongguan Lorain and expires on August 9
 2018.&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The minimum future lease payments for this property at December 31
 2015 are shown in the following table:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;Period&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Lease payment&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 1&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              92
685
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 2&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              92
685
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 3&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              56
641
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom&gt;
              242
011
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The outstanding lease commitment as of December 31
 2015 was $242
011.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The minimum future lease payments for this property at December 31
 2014 are shown in the following table:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;Period&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Lease payment&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 1&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              92
685
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 2&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              92
685
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 3&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              92
685
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 4&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              56
641
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              334
696
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The outstanding lease commitment as of December 31
 2014 was $334
696.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;(b.)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=90%&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2013
 the Company entered into three operating lease agreements leasing three plots of land where greenhouses are maintained to grow seasonal crops. The leases were signed by Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. and expires on April 25
 2033
 May 19
 2033
 and June 19
 2033
 respectively.&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The minimum future lease payments for these properties at December 31
 2015 are shown in the following tables:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;Period&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;
                Greenhouse
                1
              &lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;
                Greenhouse
                2
              &lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;
                Greenhouse
                3
              &lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 1&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              74
306
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              90
462
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              10
785
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 2&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              74
306
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              90
462
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              10
785
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 3&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              74
306
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              90
462
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              10
785
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 4&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              74
306
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              90
462
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              10
785
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 5&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              74
306
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              90
462
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              10
785
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 5 and thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
021
243
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
213
069
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              147
923
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
392
773
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
665
379
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              201
848
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The outstanding lease commitments for the three greenhouses as of December 31
 2015 was $3
260
000.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The minimum future lease payments for these properties at December 31
 2014 are shown in the following tables:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;Period&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;
                Greenhouse
                1
              &lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;
                Greenhouse
                2
              &lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;
                Greenhouse
                3
              &lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 1&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              78
128
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              95
114
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              11
339
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 2&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              78
128
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              95
114
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              11
339
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 3&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              78
128
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              95
114
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              11
339
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 4&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              78
128
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              95
114
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              11
339
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 5&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              78
128
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              95
114
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              11
339
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 5 and thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
166
019
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
389
338
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              166
457
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
556
659
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
864
908
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              223
152
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The outstanding lease commitments for the three greenhouses as of December 31
 2014 was $3
644
719.


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Period&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;Lease payment&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 1&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          92
685
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 2&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          92
685
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 3&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          56
641
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom&gt;
          242
011
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Period&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;Lease payment&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 1&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          92
685
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 2&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          92
685
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 3&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          92
685
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 4&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          56
641
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          334
696
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Period&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;
            Greenhouse
            1
          &lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;
            Greenhouse
            2
          &lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;
            Greenhouse
            3
          &lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 1&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          74
306
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          90
462
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          10
785
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 2&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          74
306
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          90
462
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          10
785
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 3&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          74
306
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          90
462
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          10
785
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 4&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          74
306
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          90
462
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          10
785
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 5&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          74
306
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          90
462
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          10
785
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 5 and thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
021
243
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
213
069
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          147
923
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
392
773
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
665
379
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          201
848
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Period&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;
            Greenhouse
            1
          &lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;
            Greenhouse
            2
          &lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;
            Greenhouse
            3
          &lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 1&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          78
128
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          95
114
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          11
339
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 2&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          78
128
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          95
114
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          11
339
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 3&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          78
128
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          95
114
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          11
339
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 4&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          78
128
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          95
114
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          11
339
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 5&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          78
128
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          95
114
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          11
339
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 5 and thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
166
019
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
389
338
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          166
457
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
556
659
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
864
908
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          223
152
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;23.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;CAPITAL LEASE OBLIGATIONS&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company leases certain machinery and equipment under leases classified as capital leases. For the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company entered into the following capital leases:&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;(a.)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=85%&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            On July 1
 2015
 the Company entered into a capital lease agreement in the amount of RMB1
057
571
 which was approximately USD166
447
 with Lessor A leasing: five production machines
 two packaging machine
 one assembly line
 and ten vending machines with an interest rate of
            7% for a period of
            36
            months with an expiration date of June 30
 2018 with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease expiration for RMB 1.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;(b.)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=85%&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            On July 1
 2015
 the Company entered into a capital lease agreement in the amount of RMB2
805
493
 which was approximately USD441
546
 with Lessor A leasing one hundred vending machines with an interest rate of
            7% for a period of
            36
            months with an expiration date of June 30
 2018 with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease expiration for RMB 1.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;(c.)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=85%&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            On August 25
 2015
 the Company entered into a capital lease agreement in the amount of RMB2
163
845
 which was approximately USD340
539
 with Lessor B leasing eight production machines with an interest rate of
            7% for a period of
            30
            months with an expiration date of February 25
 2018 with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease expiration for RMB 100.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;(d.)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=85%&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            On August 25
 2015
 the Company entered into a capital lease agreement in the amount of RMB530
439
 which was approximately USD83
484
 with Lessor B leasing four production machines with an interest rate of
            7% for a period of
            30
            months with an expiration date of February 25
 2018 with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease expiration for RMB 100.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;(e.)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=85%&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            On August 25
 2015
 the Company entered into a capital lease agreement in the amount of RMB777
228
 which was approximately USD122
325
 with Lessor B leasing one assembly line with an interest rate of
            7% for a period of
            30
            months with an expiration date of February 25
 2018 with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease expiration for RMB 100.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;(f.)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=85%&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            On August 25
 2015
 the Company entered into a capital lease agreement in the amount of RMB1
647
563
 which was approximately USD259
304
 with Lessor B leasing one freezing unit with an interest rate of
            7% for a period of
            30
            months with an expiration date of February 25
 2018 with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease expiration for RMB 100.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The following is a schedule showing the future minimum lease payments under capital leases together with the present value of the net minimum lease payments as of December 31
 2015:&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;div align=center&gt;
                  &lt;table border=1 cellpadding=3 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=80%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 1&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                646
929
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 2&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                647
348
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year 3&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                244
461
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total minimum lease payments&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                1
538
738
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  Less: Amount representing estimated executory costs
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  (such as taxes
 maintenance
 and insurance)
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  including profit thereon
 included in total minimum lease payments
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                (237
391)
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Net minimum lease payments&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                1
301
347
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Less: Amount representing interest&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                (142
268)
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Present value of net minimum lease payments&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                1
159
079
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;/div&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Reflected in the balance sheet as current and noncurrent obligations under capital leases of $464
090
      and $694
989
 respectively.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      As of December 31
 2015
 the present value of minimum lease payments due within one year is $1
159
079.

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;24.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;CONTINGENCIES AND LITIGATIONS&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;There is a lawsuit currently pending in the Supreme Court of Shandong Province
 which was initially filed by Shandong Lorain
 a subsidiary of the Company
 against Junan Hengji Real Estate Development Co.
 Ltd. (Junan Hengji) in November 2013 at Linyi City Intermediate People's Court of Shandong Province (the Linyi Court). Shandong Lorain added Jiangsu Hengan Industrial Investment Group Co.
 Ltd. (Heng An Investment) as a co-defendant after the case was first filed at Linyi Court.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      In September 2010
 Shandong Lorain and Junan Hengji entered into a cooperative development agreement (the Agreement) and in March 2011
 Heng An Investment
 an affiliated company of Junan Hengji also entered into the Agreement with Shandong Lorain to jointly develop the project with Junan Hengji. Pursuant to the Agreement. Junan Henji and Heng An Investment are required to pay Shandong Lorain a total RMB20
      million (approximately $3
225
806) fixed return according to the development status of the project developed by Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment. The payment was due and unpaid to Shandong Lorain. Shandong Lorain and the Company evaluated the potential claims against Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment
 disputes between the parties with respect to out of pocket expenses paid by Junan Hengji as well as the litigation fee that is required to be paid to the court based upon the amount claimed. Ultimately
 Shandong Lorain decided to file the lawsuit with Linyi Court to claim a fixed return of RMB10
      million (approximately $1
540
666) first.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      In January 2014
 the Linyi Court had its first trial session. During the trial
 Heng An Investment filed a counterclaim against Shandong Lorain for repayment of out of pocket expenses which would off-set the entire fixed return plus additional unpaid expenses of RMB4
746
927
      (approximately $765
633). Shandong Lorain responded that Heng An Investment does not have standing to file the counter-claim because the out of pocket payments were made by Junan Hengji. In November 2014
 the court had a second trial session and completed its discovery process. On March 21
 2015
 Shandong Lorain received Linyi Court's decision that rejected Shandong Lorain's claim for RMB10
000
000
      against Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment. On April 3
 2015
 Shandong Lorain appealed the decision to the Supreme Court of Shandong Province and the case is still in the appeal process. In November
 2015
 Supreme Court of Shandong Provice vacated the decision of the Linyi Court and remanded the case back to the Linyi court for a retrial. The retrial is scheduled at the end of April
 2016.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In November 2015

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;25.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;RISKS&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;A.&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Credit risk&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Since the Company&amp;#8217;s inception
 the age of account receivables have been less than one year indicating that the Company is subject to minimal risk borne from credit extended to customers.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;B.&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Interest risk&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The company is subject to interest rate risk when short term loans become due and require refinancing.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;C.&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Economic and political risks&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s operations are conducted in the PRC. Accordingly
 the Company&amp;#8217;s business
 financial condition
 and results of operations may be influenced by changes in the political
 economic
 and legal environments in the PRC.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s operations in the PRC are subject to special considerations and significant risks not typically associated with companies in North America and Western Europe. These include risks associated with
 among others
 the political
 economic and legal environment and foreign currency exchange. The Company&amp;#8217;s results may be adversely affected by changes in the political and social conditions in the PRC
 and by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations
 anti-inflationary measures
 currency conversion
 remittances abroad
 and rates and methods of taxation
 among other things.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;D.&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Environmental risks&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company has procured environmental licenses required by the PRC government. The Company has both a water treatment facility for water used in its production process and secure transportation to remove waste off site. In the event of an accident
 the Company has purchased insurance to cover potential damage to employees
 equipment
 and local environment.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;E.&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Inflation Risk&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Management monitors changes in prices levels. Historically inflation has not materially impacted the company&amp;#8217;s financial statements; however


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;strong&gt;9.&lt;/strong&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;GOODWILL&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On August 8
 2015
 the Company re-organized its French operations by merging the operations of Conserverie Minerve into its immediate parent Athena
 and concurrently
 Athena wound up and dissolved Conserverie Minerve. Athena subsequently changed its own legal name to Conservie Minerve and currently continues the business. At the date of acquisition
 the net liability of Conserverie Minerve was $3
255
911
      (EUR2
968
089); the purchase consideration paid for the Athena (aka Conservie Minerve) was $2
100
000. The acquisition of Athena and its then subsidiaries gave rise to goodwill in the amount of $6
786
928. As of December 31
 2015
 the surviving business entity
 Conserverie Minerve
 on a post merged basis
 recognized net operating losses during the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014. As of December 31
 2015
 the Company was unable to determine if the Conserverie Minerve would be able to generate future profit and positive operating cash flows to justify the carrying value of goodwill in the amount of $6
786
928
      ; accordingly
 the Company elected to write off the goodwill in its entirety. The Company&amp;#8217;s management is developing a strategic
 operational
 and financing plan designed to bring Conserverie Minerve back to profitability.

  
  
  
  
  



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 plant and equipment













    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 $0.001 par value
 5
000
000 shares authorized; 0 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2015 and 2014




 $0.001 par value
 200
000
000 shares authorized; 38
259
490 shares and 34
916
714 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2015 and 2014



    


    


    


    


    


    


    



























 Shares




 Shares



    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    
    

    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    

    

    

    
    

    


    


    

    

    


    

    
    

    

    


 BASIS OF PRESENTATION



    


    


    


    


    










    


    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    








    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    





    

    

    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    


    


    

    

    

    

    


    






    


    

    

    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


    

    

    

    

    


    


    

    

    

    

    


    

    

    


    


    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    



 Stock Options



    


    


    

    

    

    

    

    


 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    





































    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property






















































































    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 BASIS OF PRESENTATION

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        



 BASIS OF PRESENTATION

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 form10kx4x1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!# ! +# X
A .#0X2$1 3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH



MO_/O)_\ $U;M9H[B!)H6W1NNY3C&10!-1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !24M)0!GWW_(5TW_?D_\ 0#6@*S[[_D*:;_OR
M?^@&M 4 %%+10 E%+10 E%+10 E%%(W2@!:*YG7-42#4N+]8/L(61X?-VF8L

R-YF02
G


MFN38P6[P6N?.
SLK/\N[X&!QZT ;=%8R:A=W6H&UBC%NJ1RO)(YW;6S@ #

4K@




COV/3O5S2[NZFDG@OHXDN(2N[R6)4@C(QD B@#1HHI: $HI

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *2EI* ,^^_YFF_[
M\G_H!K0%9]]_R%--_P!^3_T UH@!:*** BBB@ HHHH 2FM3J* **:=;)Y^

M-$!GJI SG_OFHK/33:81+VYD@4%5B?80H]B%SQTY-:6** 
_^S85L;:T#-L@
M9&0@C.5((_E44&D) [A;FX$#

MN9?*B

MUM)&C(#$$Y!P2/F4^E03:



#)71XH;6VABN

M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !24M)0!GWW_(4
MTW_?D_\ 0#6@*S[[_D*:;_OR?^@&M 4 +1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 E(W2EHH QY$8:GJ$2@%KFV5H^P)!92/U'YU4N-
NP-.DMDR285


MTM%

M8;

MU_YY7W_@!/\ _$4 :%%9_P#;-K_SROO_   G_P#B*/[9M?\ GE??^ $__P 1

M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH

36
MC10!G_8;W_H+3_\ ?J/_ .)H^PWO_06G_P_4?\ \36A10!G_8;W_H+3_P#?
MJ/\ ^)H^PWO_ $%I_P#OU'_\36A10!G_ &&]_P@M/\ ]^H__B:/L-[_ -!:
M?_OU'_\ $UH44 9_V&]_ZT__?J/_P)H^PWO_06G_[]1_\ Q-:%% &?]AO?


M_P#B:/L-[_T%I_\ OU'_ /$UH44 9_V&]_ZT_\ WZC_ /B:K:E%?V=A-.NJ
MS$H,\Q1^O^[6S6?KW_(&NL?W.U  +*]/_,6G_P_4?\ \31]AO?^@M/_ -^H
M_P#XFKXZTM &?]AO?^@M/_WZC_\ B:/L-[_T%I_^_4?_ 
36A10!G_8;W_H+
M3_\ ?J/_ .)H^PWO_06G_P_4?\ \36A10!G_8;W_H+3_P#?J/\ ^)H^PWO_
M $%I_P#OU'_\36A10!G_ &&]_P@M/\ ]^H__B:/L-[_ -!:?_OU'_\ $UH4
M4 9_V&]_ZT__?J/_P)H^PWO_06G_[]1_\ Q-:%% &?]AO?^@M/_P!^H_\






_

MR_B2JXZ^E) .DTZ*3RM^YA'$T04]K8!S^0IEIIIMD\LWMS-$\M8Y-F /J%
M!/XDU#-K^EV\


M*=
@


MUUE_]&-0!HT444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 E%+24 (1[4@P684ZJ^H77V.REN-F_RQG&: +%+35IU
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 E9]U_


^:REGTO5+'RBS/.Q7/&Y6(/7\2*?)H=M:6D=OIUML0


8Z5/:6




M5BAVC(RV3CU.#AFX]S70(3DY%
!U%+10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%


M +Y% %;^U]-_Z%I_P!_U_QH_M?3?^@A:?\ ?]?\:L_9XO\ GDG_ 'R*/(A_
MYY)_WR* *W]KZ;_T$+3_ +_K_C1_:^F_]!T_P_Z_XU9\B'_GDG_?(H\B'_
M )Y)_P!\B@M_:^F_P#00M/^_PO^-']KZ;_ -!T_[_ *_XU9\B'_GDG_?(

N60GD=?



\D_P^10!6_M?3?^@A:?\
M?]?\:/[7TW_H(6G_ '_7_&K/D0_\\D_[Y%'D0_\ /*/_ +Y% %;^U]-_Z%I
M_P!_U_QH_M?3?^@A:?\ ?]?\:L^1#_SRC_[Y%'D0_P#/)/\ OD4 5O[7TW_H


MHHHH **** BBB@!*HVO_(6O_I'_ -7JHVG_(6O_P#=C_D: +U%+10 E%+1
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%)0 'I^-9\O_(PV
MO_7I-_Z''6@:SY/^1@M?^O27_P!#CH T*6DHH *9

MS0!BIJ]PMG8I':RWEW/;7


MU[COZU=L]
:=H9=/N(&
?FQ!V7


M #/WOO'GK26X
EMM2FD%BU[$]M+
CLT:LK)@ ')[X[COZT6FLRSSQB6PF@M[




M_1KUHUG:'_R#S_U\3_\ HUZT* %HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **2B@!:*2EH
M***2@ JC:?\ (6O_ /=C_D:O51M/^0M?_P['_(T 7Z*** BBB@ HI** %H
MI*6@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** DI:2@MJ%V+.W$ABDE+.J!8\

M1@M?^O2;_P!#CH T*0]
TM!Z4 0M/&MREN7Q*REPOJ 1D_J*(9XYVE6-MQB?

MX5MFQ.25Q@?=!]LTN='=76L0DDR075?E_VB%'\Z2\NDL[9[B0$JG4+C)[=

M9N&
)GE2
$Y&*749UD



/G*W


M.8]_5/RK-L[;[)_9US!)
UQ=6[&0R2L_F$)N&03Q@^GK20SJ%.345U-';6\D

<1E#CWR03]*;?Z

Q

%B1PW/:@#M9&*H2 21Z4V
MTG6ZMXYXR2DBAESZ'M6)I]FEGJ%D\4DQ-S;NTQDE9]Y&S!Y^IJ_H&?[-'3;Y
MLNW'3'F-C'MZ4 :5(W2EH- '
Z1K1C5[9=-OGD$LK8 C&09&/ 9^V


]'/K6L:S[OG6M/_ -R7^2T ']IR
M_P#0

OO^^4_P#BJ/[3
ME_Z!=]_WRG_Q5:%% &=_:4O_ $[[_OE/_BJJ6VH2+J=XW]G7A+/@*F1P?]
MJMPU1M?^0M??2/\ D: &_P!IR_\ 0
OO^^4_^*H_M.7_ *!E]_WRG_Q5:%%


#THP*6DH 
#THQ110 8%5-0LTO(D0O)$Z.'22(@
K#N
\=
]:MT4
M 4K&Q6T

X_(5-@44 (


M4*N?05-10(6D-%!Z4#
_0_\ D''_ *^)_P#T:]7G *D$#!ZYJCH?_(//_7Q/

M15^@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBDH 6BDHH 6DHHH 0]*H7VFK=3Q

M]#UZT76@VMS;F&0OCS?.!PK8;&.A!!'U%;&!Z48'I0!#:0K;P)$F=J*%' '
M]A@#\ *GI** %HI** %HI** %HI** %HI** %HI** %I*** 

M_H8IUW9SS7D5S;7*PR1QNAW1[P0Q4^H_NBFZS_J+;_K[A_\ 0Q6ATH S_LVJ
M_P#01@_\!?\ [.C[/JO_ $$;?_P%/_Q=:%% &?\ 9]5_Z-O_P I_\ BZ/L
M^J_]!&W_ / 4_P#Q=:%% &?]GU7_ *-O_XG_XNC[/JO_01M_\ P%/_ 
76

M^+H^SZK_ -!&W_\  4__ !=:%% &?]GU7_H(V_\ XG_ .+H^SZK_P!!&W_\
M!3_\76A10!G?9]5_Z$'_@*?_BZ/L^J=]0@_\!3_ /%UHT4 5=-M6L[40O)Y

6/'XU:/2B@T 9NI?\ (4TC_KN__HIZTA6;J7_(4TG_ *[O_PB
MGK2H 6BDHH 6BDHH 6BDHH *S[K_ )#6G_[DO\EK0K/NO^0UI_\ N2_R6@#0
M'2EI!THH 6BDHH *HVG_ %K_P#W8_Y&KU4;7_D+7_TC_D: +]%)10 M%)10
M 4V3_5M]*=37^XWTH IZ#_R =._Z]8O_ $$5?K/T+_D Z=_UZQ?^@K] T4




L?^ X_K


AEP1_P';_6A);DW31M @AQ\L@DRQ_X
M#C^M6:* *L

[4$NX'_ (%@8_*K
M5% %037?V0/]F3S_ /GEYW'_ 'UBEEENU@C:.W1I#]]#+@+^..:M8HH JS27
M:O'Y4.IQO+2[=OT&TY_.E:2Y^UJBP(T&.9#+@C_ (#M_K5FB@LDMR;IHV@

M.:)I+M'C\J!'5L;RTNW;]!@Y_.K5% &/K

M6DN?M:HL-!CF0RX(_X#M_K5FB@LDMR;IHV@00X^60298_\!Q_6DADNG:19






M6R)*
;^VM+4Q+Y0E<^9OYS
MY3_P_P!<_A5])+HW+JT$:PC[L@D))_X#C^M1WML\MY8S*5VV\C.P)[%&7CWY
MJX,9(H K0R73-()H(TQ]S$N=WUXX_6B*2\:W9I+:-)AG:@E)!_' Q^56J,@

C0HL('R

MNE18%
&.9?



S=XS-P/\ @6*666[6*)H[='D/WT

10

M;8Z$@8JU0!5BDO&MV:2VC289VH)20?QP

'/YU:HH A
M5YOM10Q+Y 7(DW\D^F

$'(P2:M6=M%:6ZP0*5B084%B?U/)H GI:2EH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** DI:2@!&SCCK5*6_$=RT


OS;AZ#M5;^S;P%)6O(3<(0$?R&V[0&
M&N_)/S'D$<XH D&L0G=A)ON CA?F;@[ 
YW?








GT%5Y-32.9DDCD6-
@

MF9O+6

M1AMF2 3W [CV_P ^E9S:6US&PU6&=G96$(4 +Z DX/)YSW[5:TJS:RBDC



M_D4Z@4M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4E+10 E!I:0T 0RSQ120QNP#3



^E+39/N-]* &6TT=Q!




MK/\ L-[_ -!:?_OU'_\ $U!=I?6213?VA+
#/%&4:) 

X4] /6@#7I::.O6
MG4 %%%% !24M)0 4'I165?P_:=8MH'EG6+[/*Y6*9X\D-& 3M(SU/YT /U+_



T7G[0$!B&1PN




F021E6 ;@[6*G\.10!#J%
M[!I]HUS=/LA0@
V



]W*Z#Y@3D%B#P#VJEHWAJ'0-5LMD\LTDJR%R3M7@#HO_ZZ .M'2EI!
M2T %%%% 51M/^0M?_[L?\C5ZJ-I_P A:_\ ]V/^1H OT444 %%%% 4V3_5
MM]*=39/]6WTH IZ#_P @'3O^O6+_ -!%7ZH:#_R =._Z]8O_ $$5?H ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *0TM)0!GW7_(:T_\ W)?Y+6@*S[K_ )#6




M7&#EMH89(V]


MSNV-.(+$DYS

H^;/2DV!OO<P1W0M-&LLF2B%L%OH*5[B&-E5Y4#





ML+RW$0MS.(Y93(5*G#88G.

M 


M1[URW]JW%_HVIR3&W'EH=D
;-YL?7AP0
U &_16'/?ZB9Y(+&VAD$,:2.TLQ4D'/RC //'7-:ME<+=VL
M-PGW98U<9]


M_1JT?V'I?_/A!_WQ5/4]*L+:*WE@M(HW6Z@PRK@_ZU: -L4M(*&_2@!:*Q[F
M\G@UMTCM[FY0VZMLB*X!W

_
0/2JUMJ5V;(+!'NO)[F5$6X; CP2?F(ST Z

6Q@@XX'S=#DCWILFKW=M:7(O([9+F

MZ&M*UNYFGDM[A8O

.F:8%JL_6_^/2'_ *^H.W_35:T*




5


MLGVU[H

23C(([D8P:TZ* 
Q-*B
M2
AII99&F6=Y&8;F88QG  [8P *JZ[I37
$A@\UFFDC
BI($;:N1\A/ /UK=

5&




M$4DK
P54CQEC^) _6J[ZDJ2HKV\R@A?

I]:UTZGCW-
!

@'3O\ KUB_]!%7Z BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** DI:2@#+U&7R-1L9VCE=%60,8HFD()V]E!-/&L6P_Y97W3
M'_'A/_\ $5HXHH S_PV;7_GE??^ $__ 
11_;-K_P \K[_P G_^(K0HH S_
5]_X 3_\ Q%']LVO_ #RO

':*MT

M]]/L
W_Q%+_;-K_SROO_   G_P#B*T** 
_^V;7_ )Y7W_@!/_\ $4?VS:_\
M\K[_ 

M 3__ !%(]@T):33W%NYY
9&8W/NHZ?4?KTIT-^3



$-X7^TPM\]I*@ $BDG+*!T!K:HH 1?_UTM%+0
M E&*6B@!
#THP*6B@ I*6DH S]1_X_\ 2O\ KX;_ -%25HL_4?^/_2O^OAO
M_14E: H 6BBB@ HHHH **** $K/NO^0UI_\ N2_R6ML^Z_Y#6G_ .Y+_):


^?PR*6[U*:'5HK52FQ@N0RDEMQ

M4 .HHHH **** 

MBBB@ HHHH *2BB@ JGK$,EQH][#$NZ22WD11ZDJ0*L22*&%PKL.!GFJZZA
M:

X8?T(]CD4 6Z

MC_X$)_C1_;VC_P#05L?_  (3_&@#1HK._M[1_P#H*V/_ ($)_C1_;VC_ /05


T?_ *MC_X$)_C1_;VC_P#05L?_  (3
M_&@#1HK._M[1_P#H*V/_ ($)_C1_;VC_ /05L?\ P(3_ !H T*S[K_D-:?\
M[DO\EH_MW2/^@K8_^!?XU1N-8TQM5LG74K1E59 6$RD#[O?- &\.E+6<-=T
M@?\ 


N*(+&TMX_+@M8(D#;@J1A1N]<#O4[=*J:1+)<:;!-






MBB@ HHHH **** DI:2@#/U'_C_TK_KY;_T5)6@*S]1_X_\ 2O\ KX;_ -%2
M5H@!:*** BBB@ HHHH 2L^Z_Y#.GCL4ES^2UH5GW7_ &M/_W)?Y+0!H#I



MT/4?A0!8!I:S#:7EJ



MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ I*** 

M[IH J:#_ 
@'3O\ KUB_]!%7ZH:'_P @+3_^O:/_ -!%7J %HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** $HI&.,?XUDP0W%Y=7I:_NHEBF\M%C*8QL4_P!WU)H V**S
MO[-E_P@I??FG_Q-']F2_P#04OOS3_XF@#1HK._LR7_H*7WYI_\ $T?V;+_T
M%+[\T_\ B: -&BL[^S9?^@I??FG_ 
31_9DO_04OOS3_ .)H T:2L_\ LR7_





MZ?438F_N HN77?\ *'($2-CITRQ[5HC3IB
G5+[UZI_\10!HT5G_ -FR_P#0




GW:?_
M &;+_P!!2^_-/_B: -&DK/\ [-E_ZE]^:?_ !-']FR_]!2^_-/_ (F@#0HK


NSE5 W


MI??FG_Q- &C25G_V;+_T%+[\T_\ B:/[

M !- &C16=_9LO_04OOS3_P)H_LV7_H*7WYI_P#$T :-)6?_ &;+_P!!2^_-
M/_B:HW[76FMNCO;B8&VF?$NTX95!!&%'ZT ;U+65%8W3QHQUF^R5!X2''_HN
MI/[/NO\ H,WW_?,'_P ;H T:*SO[/NO^@S??]\P?_&Z/[/NO^@S??]\P?_&Z
M -LGQ+J5QI.EM=P6PN%4@.I;&T'C/YX_.IO[/NO^@S??]\P?_&ZBN-)EN('

;[\ERHP3C'TKHZQ[+1&L;
M9+:TU2\BA0?*H6$^_7RZL?V?=?\ 09OO^^8/_C= &C16=_9]U_T&;[_OF#_X
MW1_9]U_T&;[_ +Y@_P#C= &A16?_ &?=?]!F^_[XA_\ C=5[^UO+:PN)TUB]
M+Q1


$2PS1R(3@.C!AGZTL<T<A)CE1PK%3M8$



M&

_0?6IML

M6
B%#$LQC.$7D[1M//'-
#:^T0BX$!E03$;A'N&XCUQ1]HB

M
!4D!R6;S
8((R




0RR1%9O*SN5'&1CL23@?C
M6#J&EQ7:O.]D))V=3[)EL;$^Z?3KT_.EU#31;C4H[&SV)):* L

]<]#_R




\(

;

.G0GD?I38'06]W;7+
(+






W0.X4GZ9ZTCWEK%((

@RNT!=X/RC/!R.


J!F.%&X9-2CK7-7.F1O%J=RUH&NO


9MKC[PVC.TG*\
'_7Q/
M_P@1T = **!THH :YQ69:ZRER]N#9W4*W.3#(X4J^ 3C@DC@$\@=*U&^Z:Y
M#3;9E?36@6_%Q'GSDGCD\I%*\@;^ ?3;ZT =.+J%[@VZRQF9.60

$$&K]G')




M%_NI* $;/:H+:Z2YA:9,JH9E.[_ &20?Y5.W2N?MY-^F7=AY5RLSF=06MW
MG+




M'3XX(+)HY8[U6D*P%0R^:2#G # +W'2H7BGDUNWF6R2&1;QMQCL64[/F&YIN
MAR




MJ2_FU(:3J5N]ZOVFVV






MTSPOEV#LOF.$8CN4!P?Q%*VD637!G
399_
(\QMA;U*9VD].U9T%[J-\]E'!
M/!;F2%I)6\O?\RL =O/0Y[]
U$^J7*:W$J7;3VLDY@:



MKQ]* .DXIC


GN;F**


MG?G-



MANW^TM;F(J\]KY)8









I_'I5:'6M-N+*2\BND:+[[$$;?J#SSVH$Q8-(LH)4DC

ME-P#%=


M'GK*Q#-LGD521TRH.#TJ./1K&.=9DC8%7

M[K/ASD+R%*X/WO6I9;ZY:]DM[*T281*#(TDIC4



IZQ_R!K[_KW?_P!!-5]!
M_P!5=_\ 7P?_ $%:L:Q_R!K[_KW?_P!!-5]!_P!5=_\ 7P?_ $%: -2H+RUA


MU:(DD=LUPHCFWJX'49VC![=.]/M]2F^TB]@2$-9E:.;S%VC&0V5&
9';\:


98G)Q@
M8YJSO[ZZ6*8V*):R\AC/F0+SABH7OQP#GGI5O3+AKF!FE45':.0+TRI(_7
'_7Q/_P@
M1UT%<_:?\AX?]?$__H$= '0#I10.E% &J)TNV^TO<?OQ([!GSR*C'']T'!
MX%7SQS5.]N&AN+2

K
R*9&94)ZD(3



4 49-&LY2I=9M




C6N;H3
M_9Q LF0TGH&QTQSG%.EO;VWMI9KBVAC6



M( ;H

^4Y!0JV 03GFNHP/2C H YU8=2^
MSVDT\
L\MO=.VPE!(4*N!GD+D;NQJ6ZL)I8=5409:Y=2O(^8!5&

M48H Y_6=
GN_MJP+L\VUCC5MP&XJS$CVXXYXYJNFESO97Y\O46GF@\H?;)HG
M##G@;3_.NHHP


+_]?4O_

H
\^LV1=


2-$
M&%50


X(Z&G#Z4 +1113 IZQ_P @:^_Z]W_]!-5]!_U5
MW_U\'_T%:L:Q_P @:^_Z]W_]!-5] _U5W_U\'_T%: -6DI:2@!&Z5@RP/);:


.ZLSLW!'RDC'3O6[@4QXT?
M&]5;!!&1G!'0T +&
#WI]- QVIU
!*IZQ_R!K[_KWD_]!-7*IZQ_R!K[_KWD

M5N&_NXXE5M'O20H'#P_UDK4P#U%  '04 9_]HW7_ $!K[_ON#_XY1_:-U_T!
MK[_ON#_XY6C10!G?VC=?] :^_P^X/\ XY1_:-U_T!KW_ON#_P.5HT4 9W]


D8_YZ4RQEN+ W$3V%S)NEW*T6T@C:OJ16U1

MOE/_ (JC^TY?^@7??]\I_P#%5H44 9_]IR_] N^_[Y3_ .*H_M.7_H%WW_?*

M

E &<-1NO^@/??]]P__'*7^T;K_H#7W_?<



M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
6HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** /_V0$!
end








begin 644 form10kx14x1.jpg

# P
!PD.#PT
#@L
# S_

# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
M# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P


MP^W %?S


)8#_%FC_A(;<]?YU_.#^PI\%M4_::_;$TGX9^*_$/C;18<ZA;


MQWL=[&LOF@!.U+I]XM_*P\W/D_K7\XOA3X#ZW=_L-_$?XF:IXC\?:=X@\#^*
M-/\ #L]A/




^&'_ & +C_TH%?!?@G]K3QQ\

M?[/=]JWPOM_!^F3W/BNWT.X_M'3_ !)I.CW']FW7VBW_ .?BX_S_ 



M_P#Z-HFF6]O_ 

O%MIX._X*@V7[0EAX6O[#PGXDMKG49K<W.GBX/VBV^S
MSW$!N+B#[1;_ &C%QFWS_P O-87@GQ7JGP+_ &
/VA-*N(/%GAWQ1XN\5:?X

MG_VCY%C?V^M:;J?_ [_ &C_ $?[1;?:/]'JA:_MW_$:RN1/93Z;IUP?^?P



-X;S]HOX
M89XG_L&XQ_HWVCC[17YF&\7'^OMZ_JM^)/[-?@3XRW4
_B_P?X6\42VO_'LV

5JYP_L'_!W'_)


MS[:XMKG3+BXN+FX^S_\ 'O\ ]/%?

 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvancesOnInventoryPurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepositsAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Investments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_LandUseRightsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CustomerDepositsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermLoansFromBank'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatutoryAccountingPracticesStatutoryCapitalAndSurplusBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromGrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ImpairmentOfGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_LossFromWriteDownOfOtherReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ImpairmentOfGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsAndOtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndOtherOperatingLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDueToRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInRestrictedCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfShortTermInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ProceedsFromIncreaseInCapitalLease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfBankDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_InterestReceived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncontrollingInterestIncreaseFromBusinessCombination'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_AppropriationsToStatutoryReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsAttributableToNoncontrollingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ConversionOfLoanDebentureToCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ConversionOfLoanDebentureToCommonStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_AppropriationsToStatutoryReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsAttributableToNoncontrollingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

                      <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

                      <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

                      <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

                      <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

        <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

        <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancingReceivablesTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansNotesTradeAndOtherReceivablesDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

            <td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

            <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

            <td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(230
 239

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CurrentPortionLongTermDebtTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_TaxesPayablesTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=center style=font-family: times new roman
times

                  <table border=1 cellpadding=3 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

					<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

		<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

							<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p align=justify style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p align=justify style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

						<td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

						<td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareholdersEquityAndShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesInFinancialStatementsOfLessorDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <table border=1 cellpadding=3 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

        <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CustomerDepositsAndAdvancesToSuppliersPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ConstructionInProgressPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_LandUseRightsPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PostemploymentBenefitPlansPolicy'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_StatutoryReservesPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInvestmentsInAndAdvancesToAffiliatesScheduleOfInvestmentsTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEstimatedUsefulLivesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTradeAccountsReceivableAllowanceTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsAndGoodwillTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShortTermDebtTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

        <td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

        <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

        <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

        <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

        <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

times

        <td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(230
 239

        <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfConvertiblePromissoryNoteTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCapitalizationTextBlock'
<table border=1 cellpadding=3 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsByGeographicalAreasTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_PerShareEffectOfTaxExemptionTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_TaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

      <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsForCapitalLeasesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerolvTkWSixOnexZeroThreepM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroMThreeSevenSixrDKFourVPwW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFourcFiveSixSevenKxCszKc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroZLrbTFhThreeNVrc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTRtbSevenhChfWwP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroJyTSevenpFiveHSZXdk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerogBcQNineDOnevGDMS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeronGtZeroqFzfgbmV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerongLgwkThreeCcTTB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroVwHsQHKNNinezZeroT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroHvRSixSixVKhXMDZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerohTnRTLvThreeFivedqNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroHgCNinePvSevenMxSixwTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroZMZnZeroEightBFiveFLDy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerorEightwVFourgrzFourZeroNineFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroMWFivezTwoOnerkEightKKTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroxBBbFvscxght'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSgWSsTwoNMFourFourxq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroPlFxqcgLRKGx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerozHEightThreeSixngyEightbdJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroMpZeroEightlkGSevenbTKx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeronbnEightfbskThreeGcS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerozVEightLxNThreeOneHzTf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerozqdZerofThreeGzLrZeroNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerovZThreeMbcTOneFMKt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSevenTfcPxzqbSixhs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_RestrictedCashZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerokBFtPPrXSevenOneTF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_TradeAccountsReceivableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroggbVZhOneyFiveDOneG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_TradeAccountsReceivableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroZerodqfyLFourNOnedDx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_TradeAccountsReceivableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeronFiveHyRwpbTwoQNF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_TradeAccountsReceivableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroLyGOneZeroVFiveShZeroTwol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_TradeAccountsReceivableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroGZerolhvXRTfHTH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroOneykTNineNineNineNKtTq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNineGrTsEightBLGNTy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroyRTJSVDdGZvZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerorThreelJNineqFiveDqPSp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerobMkdkDpXwLyB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroMHFiveTEightGZqFiveXBw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerolfNineOnekmBtTcThreeSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroZeroxvNinecSevenThreeFivefFiveXy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerorZrcDdWdThreenfp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroEightrSevenXzXydqbZL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSixThreeZRTtNinexWEightJv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerodWVEightmJHZeroJXZy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroWJRNineCmFiveNJMbQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerodsRKdKPcTwovQEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerothOneNOneVTRDWSr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroCRBqZerofyTmqMFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_IntangibleAssetsNetZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeromyXBMHXdCOneKb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_IntangibleAssetsNetZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroWwxPsCpBThreeFourZF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_IntangibleAssetsNetZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroZeroLLLmVTwoBrFourhNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_GoodwillZeroThreeOneSixFiveThreeSixSixNinebvEightSixWNinenmVZTC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_GoodwillZeroThreeOneSixFiveThreeSixSixNineFNinefFourRdnVEightkLw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_GoodwillZeroThreeOneSixFiveThreeSixSixNinegFnkXEightSevenwnXNOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_GoodwillZeroThreeOneSixFiveThreeSixSixNineOneNBtlNdFiveChmNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_GoodwillZeroThreeOneSixFiveThreeSixSixNineQBqcThreeKbschZp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CurrentPortionLongTermDebtZeroThreeOneSixFiveThreeSixSixNinePRlTBFourvKqSEightH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CurrentPortionLongTermDebtZeroThreeOneSixFiveThreeSixSixNineJTwoZwMTTwovKvBG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CurrentPortionLongTermDebtZeroThreeOneSixFiveThreeSixSixNinenFourtKmbmqGbsT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CurrentPortionLongTermDebtZeroThreeOneSixFiveThreeSixSixNineFourFXsCTtvTwocVOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CurrentPortionLongTermDebtZeroThreeOneSixFiveThreeSixSixNinePqpkSixDSevenGVOneTSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_NotesPayableAndConvertiblePromissoryNoteZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeromBDTKkSevenTwoxrMh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_NotesPayableAndConvertiblePromissoryNoteZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSixcTwoyKDxpbnbb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_NotesPayableAndConvertiblePromissoryNoteZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeronJSevenSevenyNineJZThreexXThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_NotesPayableAndConvertiblePromissoryNoteZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroGXEightSixxCVFourtlSevenEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_NotesPayableAndConvertiblePromissoryNoteZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerozBPtwzKTLvbc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_NotesPayableAndConvertiblePromissoryNoteZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerocJXwRtRPnmgv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerolrbxztkdzSevencz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroXXSixPTmEightSevenZKDk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroPHCtMThreeSixxpSThreeX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerobqdcJJMWcvCH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroBTwowwEightTwozzvxXn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroRdbpBPRRNineyFiveThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFiveLzZerovJkXbzSixG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerogvzkbBKkxwTwoD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeronZNRrGgwGstz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerowNThreePSTOnePxQVFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroCMwZeroHFlFiveyHFm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerovdZJTEightfRsSixnTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerofnTTcDGFiveTwoTwoqw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroZKCTOneddTgzTB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroGgvdKXrTGyCv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTwoqkOneHJrmqRSevenN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerosFourNNineNnVzmqJz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroQEightyxVGBCfyZT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFSevenHbNtbdysPThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerotThreeMGMFiveTxcLvT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerocZeroQcGkKEightThreeXrJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFiveQTTSOnepFsZWM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTqySixrNFiveSixBSVX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSevenzhHBWglPXBSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTZOneFFRZdzqSS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroZeroQQTVWFiveTPyfB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_NoncontrollingInterestsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroThreegxTqOneBnGdQz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_NoncontrollingInterestsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeronfWThreelPgZWqTn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_IncomeTaxesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerotqwVzJmBhfvd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_IncomeTaxesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroOnelvhSixrLOnextfK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_IncomeTaxesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNtLTnmRlymbG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_IncomeTaxesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroDFiveMmcyJSkzLZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_IncomeTaxesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTwoCTQXXgFiveStGW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_IncomeTaxesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTqfDFiveMFiveVyrvs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ShareBasedCompensationZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerosPCFhMLSixWtXW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ShareBasedCompensationZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroQJHPkHhKrrxx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ShareBasedCompensationZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeropkxWdFiveTvFourZQSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ShareBasedCompensationZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroHHxTWSbCSevenmEightEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ShareBasedCompensationZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroJFourFfxrlLTMRh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ShareBasedCompensationZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroRMEightknqdBGMWSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ShareBasedCompensationZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeromqmZeroyqZerogJThreeFourSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ShareBasedCompensationZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFiveNSevenVTROneGhSixMP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ShareBasedCompensationZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTcNFiveQmSixPDDhThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ShareBasedCompensationZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroGlRflgMFivefqNineQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_LeaseCommitmentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroQEightwMkKfqgSevenSf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_LeaseCommitmentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroWOnevGTgNineFourWyTW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_LeaseCommitmentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroRzDcWWEightplSZJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_LeaseCommitmentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroHCsVSJRQzfFourJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerorrVMFiveMbyNfDW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerozPxZOnerwXzNqX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroMJdThreeZFiveTmxzZt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeromQgcKpQTlccP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroThreecbFourSHhEighthXXw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerodrEightNineTKvffSwT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroCOneEightZeroxTKWNinexSQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSevenZBRMXSQhWZb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroLFourBThreeKLQZnlhn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSxNJnpqGzdFiveQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeromFBFourWDPTHTVx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroKKJzhCWcGSnP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroqrXrgsQZerornOned'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTwowzCSevenMmHZtThreen'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerorcZeroKgNQkHpxT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSevenTlGbVfNvytNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTwoywOneSixmzQOneTXNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroEightZkQwTsThreeNineBqL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerovcXSLwczJmSixw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerorFTwoPsFiverVCDTR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroBBEightNinecnZCSnThreeq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFQbzdyDOnepktW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroThreeQSSdTwoZeroZeroVKSevenR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTWBZeroCFourPwRWFZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTRyLmhSixNineJpgW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroWvNineThreeVWLSTwoWMSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeOneSixFiveThreeSixSixNineTZeroFourqGFSixDyQWFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ContingenciesAndLitigationsZeroThreeOneSixFiveThreeSixSixNineDTnDRgTXsFrOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ContingenciesAndLitigationsZeroThreeOneSixFiveThreeSixSixNinepyHNineSevenThreeKffQtH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ContingenciesAndLitigationsZeroThreeOneSixFiveThreeSixSixNineNineGOneJFfnLZeroSeventr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ContingenciesAndLitigationsZeroThreeOneSixFiveThreeSixSixNineTzQxLfTwoWMBxn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ContingenciesAndLitigationsZeroThreeOneSixFiveThreeSixSixNinewbXfSixmfZyzTR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ContingenciesAndLitigationsZeroThreeOneSixFiveThreeSixSixNinezTVThreeqPLHsFPz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ContingenciesAndLitigationsZeroThreeOneSixFiveThreeSixSixNineEightpvmOneTwopHpqNineFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerodBHSpqHThreeZNineLb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerogLKTFivebTSevenFourrtB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSmwwNbTwbbVB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroflRkTwoBSixWkMnNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNinedsDTNinefkdNxm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNineVBhRHGmJThreegW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNJGvFxtNTwoOneyH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroQWQnKKbPXNqH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFiveFivebgQPcQfBDF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeropdwvzdHbqftNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroyvZeroszJMCDnpNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerogJTSevenFiveNVMXOnevr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerodhBpRFBsNJsG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerokThreeNBcBbTwoOnehpZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTSevenvTmZPnTvCm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroEightRnkJmyGQFThreeK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerohthSJhSmtLFiveG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNDgBpBfgZqWM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFiveVpmsvBTPfTV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroBbxlQzLqThreenrx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroxZPTSixTSixMhKSn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroZeroFiverPFkvPNineBkw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroWVcXNinepVNineBDFiveS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroBVTZOneEightpmKwxw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEstimatedUsefulLivesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTwoZFourkxZeroWmwTwobS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEstimatedUsefulLivesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerowkNkWREightrTZerogB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEstimatedUsefulLivesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNineSevenZchFourCppNinerG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEstimatedUsefulLivesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroqxNineXnFivesEightpXZerok'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEstimatedUsefulLivesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroRSGLWNlhTtLp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEstimatedUsefulLivesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSThreelcqxSEightCLqc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEstimatedUsefulLivesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroXOneCbJTwoVcvSevenqZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTradeAccountsReceivableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroOnegWEightKkkdzSevenThreeNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTradeAccountsReceivableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSixhZeroThreelcThreeTwoZeroZkb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTradeAccountsReceivableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerobEightDDJBPdZeroBzn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTradeAccountsReceivableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroyzWEightfFnFiveFiveQSixEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTradeAccountsReceivableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroDyksFourRThreeXJFiveXg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTradeAccountsReceivableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerolQZZTZeroKdmXKFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTradeAccountsReceivableAllowanceZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNSixpOnecBfgnZxf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTradeAccountsReceivableAllowanceZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroCWbCwNFiveFourRqMf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTradeAccountsReceivableAllowanceZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroHJFiveOnestCDXVThreeTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTradeAccountsReceivableAllowanceZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerongCsHlSdOneCCp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTradeAccountsReceivableAllowanceZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerobmBdBFourFourLsZPy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTradeAccountsReceivableAllowanceZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerobThreenrHTNFivebBLH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTradeAccountsReceivableAllowanceZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroJFivevOneLrFSMSevenNw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTradeAccountsReceivableAllowanceZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroKVOneNHLRJpwNineB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroPQzfEightBFourZeroZFiveZZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerosBGkGsRNinehgSevenF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroDfwPFFFcdNlThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroZeroKZSQFiveCTggVD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroKlDFSZgXFourFourmX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNrDQzntTwoggdN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroxbdVlMmZeroQTHD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerowxWmNinehndSGHW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroXtDNDfZeroDchSixX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerorZTTyRGCkzFiveX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFivefnZeroThreeTwSevenKhmz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroJSixXSixbRSixSixRJFourg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroMEightTwoMTmNTwoZkyy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFivekXFXJtGkpThreeSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfInventoriesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSevenhThreeqSThreeFDmOneThreew'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfInventoriesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerokTZZXDsCNqSQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfInventoriesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerokSevenTwoFHzLxqBVH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfInventoriesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSevenZnDFFsbrHQg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfInventoriesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerocSzqTTEightNinedwGD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfInventoriesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFiveSHNRpFiveyFourSevenHb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroRFourdnXmTcxzKJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroKSevenvGqSrFourTwoGkH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNThreeSixQSJZeroNSevenFpC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroRTwoWHFivehGgsvOneOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroZKDlNDlrzTLd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTwoxnSixrhTbTnDM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerokOneFourTkThreefRyTThreeOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroOneRzPqNineTylNFk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroVSGwfxPvtFivezL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroqEightZMEightpOneMTwohbg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerobqTwodsmDvKHZb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNinekZrJZvSOneMSevenFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTFivePTwoSixOneRyFivedxD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTQSixdlcZeromGSixpSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNTwJBLFpZeroEightTH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerohCsBKhxNineGNineySeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerofSixJXTQscROnexc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTThXsyNFourFdEightQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFourEightwTwoxTnRzEightcp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroZMgsGqccJpSZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerowMwfzKTwoFNVFourp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerorTFhFtMZeroSFourxT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerozQWTHpXsThreeHzm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerohBNddFCVVThreeQV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerokGkPZerodZeroJZeroZerobZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroDKsGNqynTwodJTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerodgLZerovltXSRBS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerotkThreeSLBrgxMQd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroRMPEightkhFourkBOneNd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFourvpZerosQzmtJxEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerocmFNinexcKSevenxFourFourT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerodDxGSevenKrfVXfT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroVhQdnlrThreeThreewcD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroHWpkFiveFourhMNineTZerob'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerosyZeroNSbzThmEightW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroPRtHRpsKxbKm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroypOneLFourvFourDCclH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerorTSbBMdgzNinefx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroLkFTfsTwxbPy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTwoXxLlKLnThreeDsZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroVQRnBdTSevenFourKrf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerowXcGpfvCtDnSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroxhHRKtPBdzQThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFivelkQrFourvvpmvn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroXlbcVTnkThZFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroJcDLpTyEighthdFourV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeropvSevenbEightTwoDMMkQSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerogzFivewSQtymFourmT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroVqHKmcEightSzzMy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroGsFVNvgDJwCSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroGCrwpLsSzTzM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerobGnbVmgTtWSevenV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerokdcgyZSevennFflq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroVxBmRymThreezHnK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerovkPCXTGyNWKg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroThreewCMVZnNfThreeOneC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTwotvhOneNpVtPWx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroZDTwoVNyFivecOnegSixn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTwoKbZxSevenEightNinexwhZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTPMThreeppBVLSixTwoD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerozSevenDZeroTbSixCThreeGxFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroGbNlrtMSixFiveTFt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroxFivekZeropOneWxCJql'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroOnesMThreefZgBVThreepP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroZFourzThreeLDFourOneMRfn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroEightJZeroykDTwoZlvsG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerobFSixcHNlmSixqvD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroPfFourtqCEightfzSevenThreez'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerolmXsdLBkSJLFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNineRhfTJDLHEightFThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTwoJVDNCgJQwSixM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerodHqFivexRNineVZeroqgW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerokghQJRkTwoSevenrNinec'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerofmXKPFourgkNkbp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroVfxSevenTshnlNfD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroqDDRLzmJrZfFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroVNLkxHQFDLsG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroVzTtxkRqSevenSevenTwoM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFiveEightSLsbHKvTTwoSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerotHDLtTWmMDcNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFourdsMhgOneZeroSixPfh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeropRSixdGSwTcxSevenF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroGWZRFourThreenKhvTwoH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTqyQZeroFourpTwoJNdw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroRThreebsThreenZeroMxLny'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroVNEighttsMTdFourQBy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroqZRQSZpOneEightSixFourN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroCRThreedsSevenEightgPvPOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroHrLrZnRTsfFr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroqtDLDSixJFPxCT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerotlBZZeroXvknJqg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroCvlBCWMgTSixlq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroShSevenJFiveSEightLEightySixg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroXpTwoEightThreeNMkHThreeFiveTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerorVHTSixblmxNVW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerohSixdwWkSevenTWyxG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroMZGPGJEightThreewfMx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroDfKTFourSixZNineOneGmc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroGHNineKrdnPZeroSZeroZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroThreeMZeroGnbNinetTlGz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroKSevenfrGrNineMQTREight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeropLfNineWsGSixOneycThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroHEightTcSHqnhQTC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroQkwyFrTTQNfb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNineNinePggPvrDLFiveK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNSevenXHEightZeroZOnewgSy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerontDOneDLfTbTwovFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroGcbFourSevenWkgnmXB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSpSixHKGqcnCsg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSixbnFnEightGNpEightvD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroHncscEightsNineLTkw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerocNineSevenLsggZSByFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroDMFiveCGcrPyfSl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerobcNinetmSevenpLRbMTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroqFFivemcqclSFiveRM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSixNKpwFourcHfEightnC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroQsyZmFMzLThreezTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroWHtfcvPSixOneNBn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroDQTwoGlhdfgShS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerodSixThreeqvdgbfynR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroXLwTmHXtCFivexC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerosThreezCbwQNineRvtv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerohcwKCgppqSixsz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroXwQMhThreeFiveWRdqFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroCgcyFourRgnKMSixt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroRsnfLLQLTvdm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerobsNineTwoprOneCBGJSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerohZXzDSixtKMhtQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroZeroKfpCRxrdnRZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerowPMSTvnKWThreeNineTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerocFnTwokttkTFKH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroZerogGlHBZOneVSevenFiveW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerorVWTwowsFpbsPf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFourKsTwolLOneDvsZP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSevenKvNMtTrNTwoWJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerokgKxZVfSGLqz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSevenLNLFFourSNineLSixhK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroqgrlrrcpxpgl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerowKCwFourvwbKxvm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroPCRpPRzqVJfFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSevenQFyXydSevenmHHR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFourBbtDkVNhzJT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNineVDTwoXvFivenLVRb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroVhThreeOneBhlZvWKk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroThreeJscfMdMThreeTld'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerogxTwGCTwocKsThreeg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerocEightJBZMGywfWFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTJqEightcWqSevenwQlv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeromVFouryRNzhRLFiveFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFfNdPmlxThreeTTwoThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroJrZbCQhxdZeroXy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroCJkxvdQrThreeRlq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerofKTwoZeroNineXksPBmd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerofdMmsvNlyySevenn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroEightPmsHcThreeBRSixWd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerocSFiveSMTxSfSDc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerodHhTwoKcrkpsSixd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerosSixTJfSixSixTNineCSevenP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroJzsWVEightNineSFWFiveNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerowNineNineSevenNDQMsSevennv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroThreeHSixcRZcsgrSevenZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSevenGpPbFiveXKSixEightPG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroMvQmcnQQFourLSevenv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerosSVnSCEightsDQhT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroWSGzNineOneMZBTwogFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeromsMZeroNinesThreedtTwoTF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroBZNineOneVEightGdzQzk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerochZeroGhPmTfzdN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroDgWSRZDDghml'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNineBZtcWKDqJVZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroqLtZSixvcSNineVNR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeropKmMdtRPnyXm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerohpbTpNineVxJNinecD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroCTwoEightgThreelbRKXTF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerohFbNJSixMSevenTwoqkT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroQSixbEightTwoZwTTNDTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFourbKmxZeronkpZbF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroKhGSevenQrPlgzOneOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroHbQRgVlFourDXGThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroPVHbTSevenCNinegBJJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroEightLhSixMLkZeroPXys'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerobyWFrmCMEightzfZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerorsFgNineThreehCrmcc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroqdXmfHJqwlhc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTEighttZGMdNQlTZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerocMSixTwoWQEightVSevenJlR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTxGRpHCVcKFourTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerogDhSevenTcnFiveDtRb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerowsSEightRMlSixkTtC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTPcmBFouryNdGxFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeronZeroVKTwoFourhTFiveFKOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroXNineSixbHyyXNinegCTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSevenwcgSFBNfCNineTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerohlDxBNinewvmRqX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSevengxfHTwoBKwxOnet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroVNineQSpwJNdfFourm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroZVgSTwoXhfLqpb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroMXPxsyvJNbJC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroThreemhKDTlThreeFiverZZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroJxCFREightNWFiveXyT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroStJfRMSixqFiveCfx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroLTwoOneEightfpZLTwoOneTOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNineCyJTwoxRHJDFourThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroXQqTSevensnFiveFkJZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSixqLGEightFourQFourBRwM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroXnSixwmEightdRyzSq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerowlqSSNinewZeroHBNiner'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFivecPFQtrgZeroFiveVSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNNFDdyrZeroOneThreemh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFMpxFDDDCspZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFvqSevenSixzFmDgEightNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerogXDcMThreeKpZerocVF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroZeroqThreenKSSixNineGCrThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerofxFiveNdRHPFiveEightgW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerowHZvFiveCJNNineThreeBFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTbDSevenSixFlFourPRCc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFiveXThreezkWCxmxrFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroxZerohdNineLClWNinepv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerocdFiveSevenCknEightTQSL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSSixZvKTnnCNZeroFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroVXsqcNThreepNineFiveWr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTvphXVRJsnThreex'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerovzswVZLkJWbFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerocSspNJHZerotMFourS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroXlNFivegfXzMQZeros'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerozZeroqThreeNineqHEightXhpV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroyRySEightBchCXFiveq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroyDOneQGOneSCVvzp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroGhSevenzphqTqVTNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroLNineSixTyshZeroGsTwoh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroOnePOneFourxTNlcMsf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroStvTwoTGTRBhnx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroGSCXSixGlpQlFP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroZThreefSixgPHMvKTwoG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeromDpbrFRTXkvm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerolTrNineSkLqFourNdv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSevenbwkhgXzWZeroSevenk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroftnPrJDqOneKFourTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroDBwNPVlkThreeqZeroFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerodWTPymGmTFivevr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroCNTwoNnypZHfEightz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNineckgSixMfbEightpRw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerorFiveNinenDtNinekEightycQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroBQrqSixKCTSevenNZd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroCKPttfWqGFivecb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroxFiveGNineCScLZTwocK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerosNinevZeroZeroDkgJSsT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroXQbKSWxZMzSEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerozfbTKhXXNTZt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroVCQrSFourcLZerosms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroZeroTOnegrThreeNineFJhKW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSevenBcTwoVQGqfpSZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNineFdTfkFivecFourMbk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroBRvFsThreeFivemFivegOneQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroDQFourFourZHVpDrwFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNineLLMCNinesHHGEightx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerorzRPgFiveDZeroZkxTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerobZeroQWsEightNineSevenSevenFourCJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNinePFNgSevenqnFBKT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTThreeZerowlFSZerossGX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroQwbSixFgxSixSixZpn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerodSevenzmyyRtZsvOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroVZeroNineCFourBSevenxqhFs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroOneNNFdmHvwcyd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroLNCTBmCXyLkb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFiveqlypGzThreeDKRSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroRbylFourSevenFiveEightrqThreeb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSixTlpxxWBPNineKEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNEightxEightdJSixwnHOneX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroCtrJTQThreeDWNineyTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerovwFqxqttpPLl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerostfWRzLTtDFivez'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroHSixlCxZKgnFqTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSixBXTwoSXKwMWEighty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerowFfqBcdphXCS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroPMyfNZTMSevenRHy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroMmCBtGFlgvcEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroHVFiveNinelZNTwoOnepTFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfConvertiblePromissoryNoteZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerotwFhVkqkTROneM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfConvertiblePromissoryNoteZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroOneMThreeqyTwoTThreeTworrg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfConvertiblePromissoryNoteZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroLvlFourbcNineCPTwoTx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfConvertiblePromissoryNoteZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerosbrbSevenZeroFourpSevenKTV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfConvertiblePromissoryNoteZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroRNrrpWRgPlZeroH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerobTwoSevenHWyrKbSevenPJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerohwpBSevenslnKTgb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerofOnesThreeEightqtCPMWF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroZRTQJOneyTJSEightL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerogscrqrPNTkzS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerokBTOneOnenEightXvEighttg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroRsEightThreegywlMDmX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFivemywVqFourJNThreeNZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroThreekqfczDThreePtTJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroOneXFivedBtSZeroFZerotr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroxVCnThreerKTdRLg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroXGQDDBFqRThreeDr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerohNineSixtZeroOneTNNineTzX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFourgqzTZerocmTwoZerocn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerohTpSSevenmTwoVFourSevenSixZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeromRFourfTwoZZzbVyv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroBRlwTKtmplgk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeronTEightGlmLJGhpL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerowkgtCwkbFTwoSixq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerosmfBsmTwowgMThreeT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNNineZvQCSevenThreedFourtN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroGZerolHBHbckkRc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroxTyDpXSevenZeroScTJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroVpfxySZfKFiveFF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSevenbThreeSixfJQJXQLq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroEightTwotDrtOnegGSGW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroKXlfwCFourFourfNZerog'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerohSevenEightXLrNwSevenRFiveL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerohCLSevenskFoursPPBR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroySixXyZNdrXSwH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSevenThreeZeroLRZeroCLxJhX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerofJDHsdPhpQts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerovJOneFivemOneMxszqTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroJctTHkwZQFourVD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerogJhJKSixnxSevenGvNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroxpFourDtQLlmcbm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerosNBsFhfThreeyygw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTwoWBZeroyPdFiveXKrSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroqtdSixHFourNineCOneqVW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroVmtNJWlRtQlp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroWTxSevenOnenKMTwortNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSixmTfsPBBThreevDC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroVZerogvTwoDdPXSevenvH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroDqSixyEightJKZEightNzZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeronMTFvZCTdhyH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroThreewltsJzDHHtW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNZeroEightrxfTTwovEightThreeb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroqLRGZrCEightNineFourJTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFNTHgTTwoFourHRSP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeronyEightkRHrZdThreexn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroCxFiveFivelbHqlEightRc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeropPZeroxGcLVQDFiveQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroChnFvKSOneFourfSevenX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeropqrpMDbWTWsn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroCrwphCqkQTwoTm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTLLnDlSixqyhSixThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTwoVhZeroSixTEightSixZtkp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroZphxhSBBNineqPEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroKMTPcVHNinegEightSeveng'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerolJTwonbQHSixQnHG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroQZcSEightEightSevenGzTFiveS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroHVqbkWhqVlSx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerogbThreeSixWgbJCfkX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroLThreeCLPSevenFcNineFouryC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerogbcgRrzBDOneVx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroOnemPykQQMOnebOnec'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroVNineSevenEightlqEightkqJrx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroqLJHTwocMZFiveNineThreeq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroQrQZeroOnedNhPQvJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroJLtSixyRZTSixRyz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerobGzlWEightCyThreemEightM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroHkmsDnngTwoyThreeP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroQThreebLTMKmsRKFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNCwznHTTzMFQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerosSnVWSZghQvL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerorpyNineFourPTzfFiveKt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerogmLQpWRZerobqFh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroHFiveVNineZeroNineQnhFourNz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerorSFourBzHXbWlThreex'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerovFtSglgVbZeroVv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroQXwgzNNineTWThreeNineQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerovSevenzZeroqvxfKkCT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerovzHNineFourSixTFSeventJq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerogtSixbKSSevenfcThreebX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerokctqdxkrFourTwohSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroLnhstKxyFivedFiveQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroHOneqZfMZbFivewQB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroXNineOneFourmTsPpHtZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTVQcWybgBZyx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerofSixZerodJSFiveSixlDmF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNineSSixEightPsSevenwSevenQZeroH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfSalesByCategoriesOfProductTypeZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerodmbsnKWsTwoDlb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfSalesByCategoriesOfProductTypeZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeromRLtDmdswqNT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfSalesByCategoriesOfProductTypeZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTkSevenTxEightTDSevenSSevenG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfSalesByCategoriesOfProductTypeZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroyCpTwokkTwopFiveFivePB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfSalesByCategoriesOfProductTypeZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerohzfzbdvZhSevenDZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfSalesByCategoriesOfProductTypeZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroPfmwHbDmTdfTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfSalesByCategoriesOfProductTypeZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerobJqkCVkCZGFourT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfSalesByCategoriesOfProductTypeZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeronSixMEightSxTEightSOneSevenH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeropWcTtNLBNinekcb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerovSixXTVSFourFourrpKf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroHNineSixztpKJXBSevenFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroZeroTHxSevenLSixSixsCThreeS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroXSevenMmKxpmmWVNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerokQEightCMTwoldsqqd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroBsDhWdvhCbch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerowhSevenCRzLqGSevenSn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerovFiveSixvXnThreeQThreekcS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFourlMSSGqFourVpyr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSixTnlDZeroBSixZeroSZeroZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroThZeroRsHKThreergRK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroThreeThreeThreelWDXxThreeRCd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroBKmMTwotKNHLZeroG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroXwkrpsKKBCVy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerolMDnrKVTDHTy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerolbSevenfmDMZmWhR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroRdSevenSixNJkQzDGR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNineyBTwoTwolxwSixbTwol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerofOneJSevenrEightFourVtNsT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSTThreedKTwoqxSixyThreek'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerovMEightTlvsFZNinezw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFiveTwoGXTwokcEightThreeFSK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroXzCLQzwgLTwokFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNineHQFZxTwodRnGC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroMvFourgFiveTRGdLVb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroGxhGgLSevenGfSevenmTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerosPSevenKFournqqbbNineq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerogdLLnlGEightNinecmQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroThreecVKCXLMqFouryM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroXylzpOneTwozGhpq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroPdWFourFourTQgTtrl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeromrvsKPGdSixhnf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroktHxvkTrgDSevenN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerosFournBnGCSixfFourFiveg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroBrMxNineFourQLNEightRv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerotSixSevenFTwoTDczZmSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroLhTFNzlKzrgk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNineFSixSvccgdkmZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSevenJThreedJDNBFourcFourf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroXSevenCZeroxTmZeroWJdC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSyXHnNineEightQvGxd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroPgSXyBZeroThreeSixJvk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroKOneJVTwoOnewSpwgf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSKdqOneJdXwNineCq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeromdKGrEightHKvpgF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroHBpOnebrpTOneFourTwoC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroVmmWSevenyQXdshM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFourTwotThreedVWTwoXSixLOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroVLbZeromKxJchcq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroOnekmgEightGSevenFivegDhy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerosWTWpSevenDhOneRkX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNineHNineTzWFpMXKX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroMxBPFHtSevenHcwN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerozpNPvczFSevenZerocH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerovcdJEightwNmNtFP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroggRSqvLnVvzk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerolMhXcFiveFourBSixTJB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFFiveWlOnepSixPlfTW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroZerowFourvEightOneWOnepZerocX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroWMNtlEightSZTbTwor'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerodSevenlzTfvrEightVyn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTwoxVTGfrytFourgP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroLCpyMKmTXFiveGg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroLEightPKkGThreeGRBzz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroyFQtsLfbgzhM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroWwFgTvdQsThS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFourFourFourKStMQcbCS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeronHJZerowSeventbKdZeroS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroqkPBEightQWxtcTwoNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroHOnexVDgCQznTFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSevenHlRWdqhmTThreeSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPerShareEffectOfTaxExemptionZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeronBGyZeroFourkWPSixzFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPerShareEffectOfTaxExemptionZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroRLQNlTcZeroyTXC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPerShareEffectOfTaxExemptionZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroOnelTnDnFcgrsThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPerShareEffectOfTaxExemptionZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroPVzFWOneqlnTHFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPerShareEffectOfTaxExemptionZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroEightSbQmqmSFivePzJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfDifferenceBetweenTheUsFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRateAndTheCompanysEffectiveTaxRateZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroOneHJcDmgEightMnEightFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfDifferenceBetweenTheUsFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRateAndTheCompanysEffectiveTaxRateZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerolFourpGdpFpSdwt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfDifferenceBetweenTheUsFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRateAndTheCompanysEffectiveTaxRateZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroqTvxTwThreemSevenEightOneSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfDifferenceBetweenTheUsFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRateAndTheCompanysEffectiveTaxRateZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerodSwxtfThreerOneQcc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfDifferenceBetweenTheUsFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRateAndTheCompanysEffectiveTaxRateZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerozZZsTwTwoThreextGq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfDifferenceBetweenTheUsFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRateAndTheCompanysEffectiveTaxRateZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSwPZLqVsfhTwoH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfDifferenceBetweenTheUsFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRateAndTheCompanysEffectiveTaxRateZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroDSeventftdZeroZerowVcn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfDifferenceBetweenTheUsFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRateAndTheCompanysEffectiveTaxRateZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerokBSixWCSevenKEightpEightOneL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroThreeTzBGkFourThreeSlSFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFoursThreeZgnRtwDJEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerocNineSixDLFiveZsbPTc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroHHNMNineNRwbhFD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroqTwoyTwoyFourfvlTTwoW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroscrJslHBmOneFd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerotxFFiveXfBDZerovTwoJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeromGrPdqJTPKxb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroGZBZNinevTLSevenldT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSfXzfKFzbVxb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerocqkssgSixMKXNineD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroRdZeroFournPCQfwGd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerodlTVsFourFourqtXPThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerozTSTbpFkVEightvM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerogvdNrxTdZmKs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroHcVMnkEightThreeHFivent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroryyFouryTrCGDqSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTBLpfBTSwfxl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSixtqKcCZeroTFourThreeDEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroMBkSixgRpSfSevenGFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerobSixTtxgFourMnTzH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerogZRFiveblZggFourXB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroRZSOnewEightNgbmOneFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroXrTHZeroctLWHvh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroCfTBKVSixxwydx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFivenEightVDmbdyMwB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroBlZeroddpVpSixmJC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNxEightFGwbtdkQh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerohROneCfCbWTbdThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroHDxmLhDqspTm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSevenytOneZeroKtWHZgTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerovzWzFourWvQTwomwr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroJSixScBNinewOneSFourbSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSevenlmyWRyXSixmFourTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroKdJkgDhQmFfOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerokBDZerocLTxSixHRFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerohOnepLMbFiveThreeTwoyqq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerosWZswzhThreenThreeGW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSixFXrOneDFFourFivePZeroR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroSixNineCdynNinebTwodrw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroxkSeventrNineKqKhkR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroMpGOneFNinemmnNinevc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNWTnSTFourfKNinezFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFiveKTThreeJVcWgwWFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTmVQRHbLOneNinePEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroJThreezHmQOneJqzsf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNineOneXSixyFiveyBscSevenc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerotWDThreeNineqcxHbGNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerobsNineLltdyTwoqmZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFoursSVttGndThreebP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTKpWdFourbOneNinexwx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFCThreeGCThreeSqOneTls'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroxTwoJftmOnesQnThreeB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerowJGsgyThreenWThreeNThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroEightLgcTkmTFourRgD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroxSrRNineFourJQLGZh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroXZeroSevenMNZeroNinePNineMkh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerovxWTGGWGlVzp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroDEightfVrWCyFiveKst'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroVbflBXrZeroSPOneZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroWskFgNpHFCTEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerosMQFiveZXzXDmTZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerowZLThreeqlwNineMfThreeR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerofWSevenyZeroLhdHTrNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerogSevendgmGpCthSixL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroHpdFytThreeTSwPF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerokxBTTGJCzWcQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroBFourrOneEightCFiveSQTEights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroxHNXLrBTTnNT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerobhgDKPTRZFwB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerolrmWVbwzNSevenkFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTBPKSevenwXHlnPk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroThreePSTwoTsWwcgfSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTlTHpZJxfpgThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNineCFourqtBxfSMTx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroThreewCMSixCBqJwcX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroJZOnekkCnVtKkw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroRlwNsMfSevenpFHl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroQSevenOnelJTVPvPSN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroZeroyFourwBZTworqTSixEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroZerovOnegJGtNineNNinezOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerorSevenbfRcnNinelKZeroH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerolxBxCpSixMnWNc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroDtfDFiveFourTSggBEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerosNinekGlXmTEightSEightH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroQNineTndsQtcWPOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroNineOneNineFourSqSixThreeKZlW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroywDMTZfwxXKS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroGcvTwoDEightNLxFiveSt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroplPQJZeroqRCmRG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerovymTwoTVlgbNineNineFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerohKZeroTOneNineEightFourvHLK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroTwoZerogmFivefsMHccr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZerodGrrXLfmFourpTy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroWKSixqxFourTThreeFourrsR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroLmzwwzZeroWJqEightQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroThreeOneSixFiveZeroFiveWSzXgLkGnTk'



4Q(6WX6H$R'U?]5^?E+*WII7

M2HJLDB*KI

M?LHKI3U W/P%02P
$%     @ I(B.

L5R*V.V:SGVL7.U49V
M[M


MPWL8/\[E\2FW567#G=;CM%.I;J\/_XENJ_X
J?[ZJ]C+#U!+ P04     D

MGCII'6W73EO5(9G@T6@AR4U

M\_OX8-]EZN(VE/F22RVX0D^+-%.WL/BU

MKW+6S:=3D?!!GJP6/-/=JXN+3UW^I'DVX9/SY4YHIW=GM.#E





ME1./1R

X80_0.2?L1M8FB-
M1(K]H0L:$8YC0N/WR=VZ# (!C]<S[-^[&/_._([-L-<\91!:@
(A
;@#I
M#Q$ET0@-2-^NS@\HB5&('W%AG%_4P0-X5Q@;VF..?[YP[)9 0J(QY(W\#(D?
.RQ$UJ A.& G\1UWFQ?/I8V
R(V_UX1OM5@P
MN4'Y%



3G?E
2OA!L^;OT-F G]I?AGUL?U4U


Y'6E6'C[+3_L&MLO9O/1Y7[@8&GS;2&].S7_:LP
6:?P=U@)F:FZ:2R2@%X[8
M=YC



*
M:C 86#[*65*^F*VQC2G8H^+Z+@2 1=6Z94&==L.9;]3L3.K\-1#JIO3W__
M]$ 9EG25^Z#[JJ9I1LV$ZN+ .7M;/#[3V:3:!!1&0E0%S;%U
$].G5\G=_?+




!FGK_# J5,7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#W(*+$MX%
O67.!;

M@(+)?90%NDGVH]

WJ=?3K.:Y1_::L!
MI^V[F\^3_'/HY)^GD]=-0LYPOP)\?LC6V&')VX[$W(Z'&=?
_V]I&E)3+/

MVH3X$$8:XIQSYG/1;/L'I4;1]E6\W*.76!4!EQC?-*HU+







VPLCO='U!=*Y \FIS_I
C0'HYI9







 U[F$RQ#
MI'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZKT_Y)9P[M'OQ@2;_-;;I/;=X Q\U*M:I60K$3]+!WP?
MD@9CC%OT-%^/%&*MIK&MQMHQ#'F 6/

H68XWX=%FAHSU8NL.8T*;T'50.4_

M1G%N@AAU1JX[=A@B'(8^+]B
J1PL1

5QZ


M'MR90I_B1.D 2=*E&97(C'2AE&!Z$A.4HZH@=Q%5!,-N\4/IB[Z$=R@+U.

M-!/5TREXKP


_]J

2F8_21PFF_'\ ]02P
$%     @ I(B.2$I
3RQ !P
MO!L   \   !X;]W;W)K8F]O:RYX;6R5F5%SVC@41O^*AJ?N3+L)QC9.IMD9
M V[J6;!9VZ2;?5- !$V-S=@B:?KK5S*D^1QNH'D SJ6KHZN+O+G^O*QK+[?

JY&)7S

MN;@15:W!C&\V$5^+J\Z/O
-R7JM@(9587'5L?5D^BM8'U78SV

MP)Z'.JW8O%R('2Q;R?K;_HL.6X@EW^8JTYU]ON]5IVO9EN7N&.9G-U(\U@@T


W'5


6?V'3)$B#*/

#:

8VJ&*7



MP)I9P'9HH$48&/A)I'NM9TZ'._WJ)ZV[HHD686+3P*2^)IM.S/P=Q \=M @'
MQX%N;EI/PLRLVE;WT3J+L&X_;6P'B0?C\+KI0 N EJ$@&;V= R:!CN[1N'


MMG

M#I5YVY4O^Q#QJN+FG^(?[
-(( I-=@B3CV0_ T44FNP0)A/9#_N%*#3:(8P^

?&CVFU;8


MN

M=O[C6*_0]OX)V[7GU5:OP.#'1A2UIG(\=.VC[?T3MD=E\6FXK2ISG#O5
] ^


'F0_U97.C\:'ZW)S\_<_KK?U!+ P04     D


M1L?!U#8!#








M0YB'2[Z.O0



$%     @ I(B.2.G;9ZZP


=].\;+


M(+ZO)O.W??]]NOC]_GIM)@_=KKL;IRK:^/':-=UN-]44G_SWN=+_GCD5E-\O



M3:M'-C9@EA[D1QCGFRFO
M1@K)H ^AJCYVQ)DCEHXX?9=';%X$( /:(/3A(T4
@0+P!\;LIDA*PU9U9 5


MI4+K*ULRU0!R3Y*'#+HGD-T4P' (N. *$G9!P
A@$F08Q8D9[F LY#%B1I
MF?26I02M@!8B
A6BK0 +9BWDJ 7)6CW6:I 
K1# $*@0;%)E@$@2*IBYD/
6
M)'!9!RY(D )5(2XW:@0WJ9*)#7!)7^7
!0E=?1+4D%#7Q2ELE_HJ47I+/D[W


M?TMB/




MDX5I\Z+.HB;1E0Q[3EB2A'4Z82E)6N-81$.T
&[I^8/SWF+)20?Y/!PE95W)
MV.=
)
E$IS.1*K7[DA;IDF4?.0Q)PM#I



MSV990E'?/=6

M=-YFTN!=W+T5[)4YYRY+[N:YV/D GB5
%_;*YR/X5+JP5]Z(]QS/[6/W1WM\

?;/EW=5
M[R_



@'

M



W^HYB



MMMD-_FSP;P8O?&@(9D.P
()3*_K%0E4Y(R.#A^0^K.]K90S%2*3':[3V/2Y
MY,JXG+T429*#B\J9);Z6[$V);U.4IB+P;A(@ZULA_O$-'SQ38CTOD0Z04R2
M7DO@!D+/IBK75:LLP8(E
%FR^RK1Q!(852*H?S9=^4BWRA

MJJTD=L4J0[1@B$P&S\H0/66P*U89X@5#;#+XUCT2?VF/K*M669(%2V*R!-;O
MD1A5? @?[)+'RE6F=


03   8




MW!\6Z]5X[EN[7C7O?;4_F&]MUKW7==G^]VRJYO2X@
7YQ/?]VZX?3BS7J^6E

IM^
MJ**T7Q^F


X%











%Z]8
@K

)5B6Q)N YN_:TF


 J($U
[J

N$(*T

M.W9Y=U 4DE+ TIF( FNL)VH!@2V:#.Z2,M:(&#DLVP-AA@6*J*KQ8VB12-


:8LBH\
M[D+P]0H16I3.Y&PTF





U(.T#TDL M)*2;CK:R;S/

M
2O


#'




I

MG;:/0VP9(;LY#0^@$+?]C8T(2KY+BLV%\ &8PFG[05A

;.Q%@*Z)=&%2DB!L]H59L







P$/T5RQ]0$]AN5Q%!:E*M=A\J57UHGQT8
MP(KMH;8)[=^O+X&&JM*^8



7[!R$+IA$
MV:\PX)Y]6]+Y'1-SZ_H^?_IQ4PODL-BY;!8.TR8_1KSXTL1=M42!::++V])


\/Q:8C[()@A=+&+ZD&ZU#-%$H4_TBKT'$=
MT\YN/]&^)^03(5\(]UDTGAI%FS^XXV5A<2VY^'N-D</-T'$*Q
;U4PZO3=J
M??5:;@Z[@EV#T(1)E/



M=L


M2P



MXLZGIF=V-


M







M



G&*'Z

]N
DDL;$^PG0;^'E^:T*!*O
0SXW/.'(^=8D3S


-#MZ
MM]KNUP$1 2\1GL6D^#]@/@6DO_UCF;! DBH7%#@?CG/4@9A'SC]Y/F=\M

M1/&/M H=US'MY!/M
B$_$?*9L
FB\=0HVOS+'2\+@R.Q/0]WM]IZN DB7IG8


:%\



RYX
M;6R%4]MNG# 0_17+'Q!S:7I9L4C91%7[4G*0_OLA0&LV!YBFR7]^_H9(DB
M]07/C

X#B]@9'T'ZG0Z.X\ZGIF1T-


MQ(X\W%U^\' 31+PRL5'-I--[H]97+W7^+:O8)0@MF$0Y[3 ;@GGU#UL4=$\O
MKNC%_^GE2B^3PW+G


MCC0+%D![8(]\L%[D'*(.0;_YTU/UH&XG6\J/^


;';<$N06C)




M;J

M+

MT%:@)@::/;W;[ [;@(B %P&C7
M;_P^:7ZV#
1U/*L_Q--Z]T=NX1[EJZA=Y\UFE-30\$&Z9QS_P'2$ZR!8H;3Q






\=C4TYH7FT/X
_<<&#
UCTH;F]P .UW
M6C2*.Y^:CMG! &\B24F69]DWIKC0MIC[=E4)8Y.@W/AMA1*6[^G4#B=*0[
(Q1H*U 3 ^V1WNT.IR(@(NW@,EN8A*\GQ%?0_+8'&D6
M+($V@4%[I<+W(.40<@W_CMKOK<
Q&V\J/^

8ERVF)V
M*X)Y]4];Y/2:GF];?$TO%GJ1'!97#HMKAPESNL;L/S1AFY$H

M$UFKZ^.ZR^-(W^%5.? .GKCIA+;DC






SXG#/'



[')KV(E#@
M P04     DB(Y(


M970R

M[\O%]GJC2'TQ
\

Q]FSJB<GA89G0^RD%#=_3R!Q/M*<KH47

-M=3(+W
^)K2'ZT1YH%RA
&D6;




MHCPDSUX8P(KMH;99TK^O+T#8*E)?\
SXG#/'8U-.:-YM#^#(AY+:'FGOW'!@






MNP2A&9
HIRTF7Q'




[?PB/*/:%SOS6:4--#R4;H7G'[ ?(3;(%BCM/%+ZM$Z5 N%


Y'FM.U\+ZP84
MJRNV\5JA0%N!FACHCO0N/YS*@(B 7P)FNXM)\'Y&? W)8WND6;  $AH7%+A?
;4=)QR?I7G#^<L1

MFE[L6_R?7J[T

M^@&OJY'W\




M












DVB(A?9$GW;'\SXB


&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#(V+GAM;(53
MRVZD,!#\%<L?$#.@)+LC!BF3:)4]K!3ED)P]T( 5V\W:9LC^_?H!A(DBY8*[
MVU759;LI)S1OM@=PY%U);0^T=V[8,V;K'A2W5SB ]CLM&L6=3TW'[& -Y&D
M)
NS[(8I+C2MREA[





F48Y;S&Y%




O


M70HOHNM=*+J9NO$0JT%:B)@?9 [W;[8Q$0$?!'P&0W


M(IA7_[)%3B_I^;;%]_1BH1?)87'AL+ATF##'2\SUIR9L
Q(%IHLW;TF-HW9I

7$Z?8(CKP)K*K&TIZ__S71$+K0OC3
MQR:]B)0X');WO?YDU7]02P

  !D   !X







!#]


Z9X[$I
M)S1OM@=PY%U);0^T=V[8

1

M+0-Q&R_JC_&TWOV)6WA ^5LTKO=F
TH::/DHW2M.3S ?X3H(UBAM_))ZM [5

MU[M08%7)5EXC%&@K4!

1('IXLU;4N.H79K(6ET?


Q'4\JS_$TWKW)V[A'N4_
M4;O.F\THJ:'A@W3/./Z&Z0B[(%BAM/%+JL$Z5#.%$L7?TBIT7
=IY^=$^YZ0



M]65^8YJ5A1370)V8;1YY-G!IDYC

M(2
B

I# W7B(
M\6A\CDCR:8+$W7B(\6@\B1&+'0^3%.[6(Y!'[PG!/
!Q18/9_1 01A'423C7++Y;$_#ZA@)\Z='O;)X^IXYGBA_4;[
MUX6)W;DOY@\UIT*MD*;[7J_MSX(H;FI(GXRW:O
J6A\:/A!V]O4W
OAG# \



RYX;6R-4]MNG# 0_17+'Q!SV:35BD7*IJK:ATI1
M'MIG+PQ@Q6:H;9;T[^L+$(A6:E_PS'#.F6./74RH7TT'8

MJ3I0W-SA +W[TZ!6W+I4M\P





N
M:-WTPZ@:1 O.1')W3TGGWMB:2&BL#S^Y6

$%
M  @ I(B.2


M RT#272)LF.




IISEF-2&(4[_:(L5+

Y=@*[#
M]3*H4)VT\=BGZG2#[](PMV]XGK6TAK]4UTP:=%;633^
JE+*@C.1W&PQ:MP;
MFQ(.E?7AWL4Z7KN86-6.CVAZR?D74$L#!!0    ( *2(CDCO=FRWF $  ' #








M
\




VF<O#&#%
M]E#;+.G?UQ<@;!6I+WAF?,Z9X[&I9C1O=@!PY%U);4]T<&X\,F:; 12W=SB



T<\H7V.:%8

RB


M95-%[4.E* _M
VN/;11@'

M1SHX-QX8L\T BML;'$'[G0Z-XLZGIF=V-
#;2%*2%5GVF2DN-*VK6'LR=863

@CYQJ^+YGO+0-S'J_IC/*UW
M?^86'E#^%JT;O-F



7$*7:(
M#KR)[.:6DL$__RV1T+D0?O&Q22\B)0[']7UO/UG]%U!+ P04     DB(Y(


V$ *[Y0VRSIW]<7(!ME!<\
YQS
MYMAC%Z






MMML38LH6!#57J@/I_M1*VI=JAMB.@VTB3!29HDUT10)G&1A]J++G+56\XD

OY!J_CYK?+3UQ&4_J3V&WSOV)
M&GA0_#^K;.O


M[FZD72:D(R&=;=),!X;!9N/U-(BUVI IJ-^=IN]@VLOXI216HZ[MX9-:YZ

%LYO%T[C)CC&G/W


P$/T5RQ]0$TBWJX@@-5U5NP\K57UHGQT8P(KMH;8)



9)0VT?)3N


MI=4^M




M$KQ?$5]#\J


M[GI_?-?$PFM^'1QR:]B)0X');WO?YDU3]02P
$%     @ I(B.2(_6R&2G
M 0  U0


M7!:A]J++0@V6
R'7^-^D^=72
M$]?QK/X8IG7N3]3 @^)_66T[9S;!J(:&#MR^JO$)IA&NO6EN E?5 W&*C%3
M
!+T(ZY
AG6

%AF=#[*@4
M-W]/('$ZTAU=B^BZUTHL*ID*Z\1K05J(F!]D@?=H=3$1 1\%O 9#<Q=[/



M06C&)

SI_
7&*+:(#;R*[V5/2



M$#/

M TEPDB;)C@C*)
ZS


.41!JJ([Y;




G+Q0@


%9IO\:$)FYRY U^%Z&52H3MIX[%-UNL%W
M:9C;-SS/6EK#7ZIK)@TZ*^NF'T95*67!F4ANMA@U[HU-8?*^G#O8AVO74RL
M:L='-+WD_ M02P,$%     @ I(B.2) [M=2^ 0  GP0  !D   !X;]W;W)K

+ UQ.9_5W^QI=?HSD?#Z=^V
M5(T.&P:HA(H
5'WP\2=
1TB
8
&IM%]4#%)Q-E



MZO4N/D>V V_P/.M)#;^)J-M.HC-7NH]MTU6

MVH=*41[:9R\
8


M?5:Q:Q!:

OTW8

M!TH&__RW1$+G0OC%QR:]B)0X'-?WO?UD]5]02P
$%     @ I(B.2! GPKW%

MNL%)['(O



IG'X/F
M=TE+G.]']4?7K7%_H0I2P?[6N:Z
RO3&R70C<KQI98AY6C2PQ
MOVZ
D-DOYB!+=_05RD37:/_YI^PT7:?0'I&;_-E
G1^2;YDD;FD)?Z@LZT:A


M+GAM;)66RXZ;
!2&7P7Q 


K@R_2/B^)DVO^JSJ&2V
U&S.CEXERV7LOHQ04P5T9
M#1H3<IAKX*0(I/LB(O3M\-!K#(1H/(Y!A9!J&=H]$<;$WT&+)U(%O+8+L(
ML37Q8TCL0&++(%F$V)KT,21Q((EEDUDL].5^I 4LL@MR&)@1A-JS4A!.KW
M&)0YH&P.RL#B:&S-BA66.Y#<,G!66&P@^6PT:013L.+50. U#DQ(T4V*1_V



M;ZTPA_W4.Q7.IU!7BP]Y673HBG\@=JU;[AVID#5'%X@+I0+++
!&9E')TCXU
M&GP1ZC95F\
4.]
0M!MK]_0!4?X%4$L#!!0    ( *2(CDA]]=@*90(  %4(


I!P9_Q U




MDR+_O9M^


M62O
;W\LFZ*20
)K5ZJU 1E]%-&]TU-F2_U(!9$2GW500
W7#H
M(#88H

23U

M?


BNO;15?UZ=
&ULA5/;;MP@$/T5Q <$7YI-NO):RJ:*



MQ9X$[R?$UQ#\: \TQ9 0N. O?+&1Y!RB#D[\MFA\E _%ROZH_Q=MZ]R=N
MX1'E;]&ZP9O-*&FAXY-T+SA_A^4*MT&P06GCES23=:A6B6*OZ=5Z+C.Z:2\



+H


#AN [X]I?5?P%02P
$%     @ I(B.





(SIW_:4C4ZK.^A$BHR4/7&QQ\P;2$V



P&!Y?QL

:




M0J7


MD'\/3C^8UG \OWC_ZM(UX6^9XAM1_2KWNC#1@C#8\P




1I= BT[\A]
'LM&


P.1ZC73077FG;


S+S*
M\0=

M*0LE1Z1[XLYN=[!PY42L


-P+9-F

M\H?'+WR-_


N.H%1Q*:0_ 4[8^913C GQXFM9HCF_TDQ(==
M_*H/06@C (5*6P5BAC
\ Z56R!A_7C2_+2UQ/9_57]UN3?H34? LZ-^^UIT)
M&P:HAH:












M/C+9SYR_FL'/ZNCY)@)0*)5Q(+JYP -0:HPT^._L^8XTPG7_ZOYH5ZO3GXF$
M!T[_=)5J=5C?0Q749*3JA4]/




_*G


.]DVV'67W
M!=$HB&9!G)O@%F1B?L
2EP5G Q(]UO]=N%?E7)LH9R2


MA;F\BR=155TF0_X[)OUD=H'V_37[]WZXIOS70HDG6?TI=_IHJD5QM!/[XESI


MP9
B

%
MV0J

M' E#&.






5/6A?7;@ E9M

?=%EX+J.]E#9__4


LILF6\SN

M8$-$=SN


M






M=]1P842T
I)638RWUT&EKEZS
8Y+Y)N#$)5P)?=DWSYH<-B:'I4#L[IJL
?_QM:.-
M2;02\'=-UIC@ODF\

M-<.<0):P-1VPO;MZP-A



M]\J+G%UE4W?TE7OBVK:$_SO0A@U[/_#O&V_UI9)Z Q0YF.).=4L[4;/.X_2\

_




;80J^F
)HRA_FR#H@4H
Y)



RYX;6R-E-MNHS 0AE_%X@%J
M

MM0 :?7+6JT/0:CWL









W1]


MMJ]
 ?_A2




MMAM8@

MR

W.+ J*
MB_%3#4FJ87ASAG*%WQ%








MW$
MK.!PV0P#Q;OIZISO[_PO4$L#!!0    ( *2(CDB+B5@P!0
  -L
   9






;[6J5XM!
MG!-YK

M1'?P-:8


N
M'%T

[LWND 



6#7#) S1MB$A8=#




ZO_4$L#!!0    ( *2(
MCDC/XS=A]0$  

MVVZC
X:;VR

MCY!HPQ






30W];.\

JZ85Z

UNHS 4A5_%8C\%#!@G(DA-JVIF


M$ /MS9N#D)QH

MWY8R





VRUC.
R(/\36]JT'8
G:


M;)65RXZ;
!2&7\5BWP%S

8#

XI^
$WBO']5_V:7J^WOL21/G/YNCZK1;J
 '
D)

JXA
X('3J5]@L-%*LZN*0%@^-VU;6?;P;U!^9BVGA/?&4$#OC
M#F1M?L4*UY7@ Y ]-A\/;G2X
):&4BK)MSJM5&I9]_J#55^&:$QAB7LIO'


)V6.E

M).21BE42FI$@*F!Z&U
L

MIF+

+]M7Q/_Y#Z'U!+
M P04     DB(Y(B\XJ;8H  #=   &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE
M970W,YX;6R-EM%RHR 4AE_%\0$JH*!TC#-M=W9V+W:FTXO=:YJ0Q*E*%DC3

;8^\9^I.G/A@





=
*8]N#%PB
J
(@BAH#II?78$ +JH5+!BRO+U.89P%P\^.D!4L
M%+*0QT)Q%@H_/8)6L$)[@)X_T#S.<@VY+!RM\/7K- AH&<1-&X1T/4(6)(2
MK=F[

M/-8T+:+JM*OO:JJE!?#VXZ]*J O0E#U;\^X''91$MT7WMIS8]Q7)7QJ#NV


+/COS?


;-;0JE1R


9QG)/&



OW!ZQ8)4S$AH
ME51
2%E:)'9?Y#&)+$AD1DI7_Q%D0L))GI$DAPM2/+DK@JFS;PD:U/+2F7!5


MPAU*:!5A8F1_;WQC]ZW^ U!+ P04     DB(Y(3L6=]XH#  #A#@  &0


BYX;6R-ETVOFSH00/\*RK[%
[;!OLJ-


A8D;=5
K
M6]



-X]16)0*@3TF



 8
M LB$US&&_D#B#XS[ X&L(P=9*IZPCA@:!(E!
&X0Q(F0$(*+70($H=@W'(

L 038V@1)!;!


/T)J0J:(7RV_2.<^,<6_O%F!C]VFQ28
M&GC'M\I(

M'=^S

M$I MW(*F


_H&EAH$M!S1QW8@]&*TRE=L


V$(9?
M1? #K
7A.7 


(5=%^JL_AU/]G5S=5T?67S7[9
MGIM0;




M:
.7NOSGN.T._6SS1;8-N^)2=M_JZQ_AM@8])-S493O^S3:7MJNK^Y!%5A4_
MIL_C:?R\3O_1[C:

M9\[:






MA(06 HH$0$BPO$. & E:.&M3MB8  $!LN[!)AM$X!B 1 6+&\48*93 $H$
M0


2



M='

M%FRIEA05DK8V;Q_P!UA\/3.K'MU8$MU 8YKH


^.WI
MV^/Q]

MY]WN]]

M?S^/=SS^S^O#\

M77WY?CCNMM


M2


M:YZ9D0RT&67





MHS%T5DXR(0 38KU/ S!*56S*U!

MA !

MO5GC$@G:U5R47(C A53O51&DR2.9$*'=4[V+XG*U
!Z





2$IFI4E&!C
MD.LK.NY\0






D5U
MO%^%WF2 %PW91$:I*E@83@908%M=O%Q(Q'$EH9ESJ70?07[DAMU_?9CJ3\
M
Z3:




26YH-P3*I$TVLN;A!A7.)($/R0WS
M9HJZILMC5WM5 Q0
K



P^L]W*D
#();$O.HJWE&A)QM4VBP56B:!E\G2NYF3P8V
MX

M$[+@!^B:G%N?1%_RPX_E#50\R[M=?


P'HOY::S!X[!^

M%HKC(@

M
!#'_Q7$'U!\AVV@2B*UG:;M85+5A^V9)DZCC#3M/]]S


MF/0YB%JL=1^B-)=W\23JNH]DR+^GH)_
WM&^/T?_.BS7I/]:*O$DZU_51N]-

M@)

;1M<FN
M0Z@'H4Z W(7P$3+:M(

MN%L









$%     @ I(B.
M2/




\ :56
MR!B_SYJ?EI:XGE_4O[EN3?H34? DZ.^^UIT)&P:HAH:
5+^*Z3O
+:16L!)4




M!]$91!P0

M:@#/#23N!G#E0#')UYQ?* ?P[$#B=@!7#R5GI%RSJ= 0XFQ!4!KB
X*?BJ

B?%N9
QST8CQ
M





G^3[?31]
MR+.=
@-0'=

MT!JSI#RZ

4)
MVV$!AGD8%
4P!P


MQ6'%6
JN0C% SPR$QU&N&C!C5=*N0CU SP\D[@?HH( 0GB9@ H- 3U%T+@B
MH.L(D$ )_0 ]0=X(#U#CHG*,&L,'0$]1!XY* KB6
\QA/0866@)XF:%P3


MG9?;;MLP#(9?Q? #U!)EZUD =H.PW8QH.C%=NTF2F+4MC);:;JWGP]))FH
MJO0FMA62/\E(7\S%T72O_4YKF[PW==O?I3MK][=9UJ]VNBG[&[/7[?#-QG1-
M:8?';IOU^TZ7Z\FIJ3


MF-?QX?OZ+B5C#KK6*SN&*(?+FW[4=3U&&I1_GX+^TQP=W?MS]*]3N4/Z+V6O
M'TW]JUK;W9 M29.UWI2'VCZ;XS=]JJ$8 ZY



MNK9?E'@J(R




3^1SP1 3%#ATPHN$Q@3
MA
?L.A\
@

M@@@$
1\.#

P4&%#RUSWQA $%'\1_#
F3P:W6VG


 Q.IH@


8K?'1Z%
P]T\@?&WO7BYW$7QCH'3' CM052

/


J*;

^K#UO^JDLK $9@6 :;F@14X7HYB?3;

N

=?Q?(#K!G\


0VE-IDL?K?L*JQVI)/?</ZA.S]WJQCI'%C'ME*'H.IQ8:^L
MZW0D1?Y[_K%U(YV^Q[]^S1=E?Z&O;*NS_M3AY5MBB.=FQ/SYU\Y]<?[#:'
M7 ?<\DY,_]'V+3O[RYQU--/\VR'Z7DU;PBZN84=\
T!SPZ83(D;T)3F-RII
M4X_\&HD3U9L'S\I\U$%4Y$A



MT)-:ZZ







?P M7@^^%$X!IH.PW8Q

MWQWZJ^7#






HAF1-E#L\YE.5 Y8$*C@BK()9!R0SB
M+(CBN$OOYWB5XT4.56:.SW

R=D.2Y&@(*@J(*B# (S*&9!

BSR
PZE3J%C2

P]AU3RRVDNG/2;]<#D:,G$I^-2V&DV2P38;SEYUB3H/AI!ALB^%R
M,L#'JBI W6DSG$2#;31<KD9*&%,JR-)V.(D'VWBX7 \ H!0*] M!T@]V-8#


M @ENZ7- &D&VV9 ;L98*OFJ8")@


4/@3;!\Q]\)X2
M%UQ!2 -!$HA@ T$Y$)QP/,,+KL.DF2#)1+9H)P)]N!+[O$U$R29#83!.(8
MNE@P^$@[0=*)8#M!%SI!;QY;2?+YY;B)L1N-DIV#225H*DE($6PH24H3Q



F.:3U8ZA%M


E







WTRV8(XVO,#NS3Z3=R^\V$-U!KN1*/ZWVAW45JT]Y X:MF':^NN;V_N
M2PZ&L/D - 2@,0YQ!VH3_

MUPJ(BN3JW4:1YF$XA&16+L9QDH#L.1%TXP7C; =P/LDL1ADGF89.HH3M0Y




MQ0U

^G+_*:_*

M^(
0FIM


M;)64V8Z;











?:N#S_O%\?3/0!7.H(K)8'
MO  A.DF1_XZAGTQM7.ZG]._FNJK]&Q;PPLB?^BXKU:WGH#L4N/RC?4_8+S#
M40?FC CSB?).2$8GBX
H_AC6NC%K/SR)O=&V;0A&0S ;_
@T/H!
F]^PQ%G*

M16$2[5
BBQ*M*?XF)?HJY6113FM*L$FQ1.$^)K8P\3KAL(FQ1





AY'SWW0&FIL16_&K(
M(&=[8,P?.7\SAQ_5/DJ,!T+)29D66]7\D0H-9TT^?W6])-IA//]O?LW^[K:

M&Y7Z]EIN$J*^&HZW8I&S<$IFBIBW3[(0)$K1S





W6?J--C+OU!+ P04     DB(Y($J\E3C #  #2
M#@  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970X.2YX;6R=EU%OFS 0@/\*XGW%
M=V #51*I[31M#Y.J/6S/-'$25, 9)DWW[V=#DG*6JY\E$#N[KLCY$MO=E#M


M

(3Q=^E9MM9R]$BUET


O*;]I*& .RWID# 
O









Y'

02Y-)Q3

)R$RB3ZZH


?\/4$L#!!0    ( *2(CD@^VO486 0  ' 7   9


M'$QIMOTX1#Z\O)O










M11Q+E7BPJ#*DHXS_J (SZ2A#J:$T\TF12D-J%\9+0]K2&'YPI(X\4E14&RIR

M*/ACF
WZE!_

]%]T_1FF&#T94CE:/+=_:(T^WY\FXQQ
MS0?\T7?G&[GV_=#]LV_4$L#!!0    ( *2(CDC=%S,IQ:   /K @ 4


M+K8YP5@.W=*=%82;J9KJTZ=O7_ZE*+;AE_5J4_RW[^ZWVX?OW[PI%O?).BXZ


MV?ZW[WK][N[?_V7(OW7?]G^Z[MLL5LGFVT8;Y;AZ6:;;I_#LXU,FF:;\C\


MQG[C






M.T*B\_G%Q[-WQ_CC[?''X_.3TW#^X^GI];R= OA7?-B&6G%1)-O:6D[BXIXI

M\


[NJ)%X\MG=*$V
M=RD!75?6^-:'+%L^I:L:G;R^N#[^&![/YX2*;3BV2N.;=)5N&\YN?D^4X&B;
MY.OP)M[\'-)UVS0 ;TLG]A _-V$.[?61H

?DZ0


M[Y_/KFOTF(B( EXYWZMNI]OMX;!HH^[) I'4;?;Q?_0KABO-L2BJ=_3Y8_

M955M*QM




KM
-JUJ@&ZU#


MFW[![AL5I^

MI E)@2Y2@S/'!)9-'!*GVSW4ANWRQ3V^0.^MK






0+[



MBA54&K[7B1%@:.EW;&3@5_D1?CY/'N-E#)SERTF*@#_5/__Q_Q3A3[L\+9:I



MM=D?G;\].'QTSM=@MUDJVF_B=5*:]9087;9.%X3RC\DJ8R4J=/Y4[)6W&F%J
M4@6 1:O=DBT*A&I0:PWB
7H7SV]A3I+5&M5!G%

ML7EVWICK:8E)?$?'SJ!Z2K?W=;SI-*!2A5):%+ KNXZ3F\PG'0X+L%$)#3!+




S-%6(
9
MB(/I(!I.^X&E#/;J^CS2L$]C[4SB5_\[VP+'H2J4MRCYQ0ON'F(BJ]#BOT
M^KE*_Q




-74
M TDWL1W_++0:OWD0[:BZXMAR^QA6Z/KN$+0TH 



!8/5MDW(IH=-PM8VSC%.)P

MKFY.A&Z3Y8:& 



HS'C
:UH

+:6?-=UUDHN0A

8


M(;AV.N*)R\.@U;E:$C28@R-(*:3IPOOT[IXF7:7T]M(++B@@\K%BN12T
T89


MMPH@^AUVNVGL(?V\-K=L RD'
0+*O]T'2I9!O-V\!KMK
1_N63S?R-KSZGR.





M_4+O+K(='?@=0,]#EJ! 0IQVI*DX[_L*;&TI##B6DH%(WR*
H'C$'$53AH
M

F9X6HDA(-0EAXF2?K=+=V$H=J3)#J):P3MR]GY9RMA876#[3VZ1*G_;=
7:#O73MS%'[.E!(EJ=[AJLOS@%@ADB30:.Q$R-%XV]/^MU@L-4+M%
M'L ]Z+HUJN;QDY6UU&Y%200:!$XQ

\A1B%(U2PZG]










MICZR9B-;B



04EB7W

!V
M&GM_RQ+$Z



HH:N49*_RK].5D]ZT$X1=*+BHM2@F$2;K5 @4I
MOA:* 4[1IJVKPQIZN(9

M6E )4=0[J&*[HHKL-@





9/20T\]7X60\0
Y

M3+X/CX)K920B3P17]%YP ?/&6R(.YT10^8\+1%VQFL5_]D:O@VXPDC2D;D#W



E6

M]
OAVT5K_+;5M9EL

MAK='_(
:
$!
M$<[#??D8F$.WDFC:6..ZY(;1!R1SAL@QP15(Q359B$RSQ4U)8Q<O#W T]02

M[I_#X*\:9@(H?!]^GK\J3Q^
.T

MAB?!M^GM;F?6&T_I/]-I?US]0ON8;J]'_YE
)@-V6N$0-1GYEF1*SHAS=8P9


MC')JT1##L$UAB


ZED/7Z+:4EG5#@B0*488'\V.ZKKTN45W4[7+3



M*ZHA\&GI#.QWDA^IL:JQ/#@BJ5PUZ8
_'U\?EOF[VBO!YMS1

OT951=-UB_:[CH%XH,
MNZDDR=<^GCJF;QN8
M\3%F:]F0M=:
]58M%;G8L:)@R1(4)S+&U;_Q2SEZP



OD[NE86?XF 9
])PE$[K0%
-O5I

2&&UG
D+:S\RK




MJ0LKB.:O8LG
M0N^X:1_C:EAKF]P*-%*D) FW&%:L[XC@N4%'22=NTY4$B0=
MTD0&?R









M$;$XVK0

M=46OW



])%2Y(1DH;.QYV
E
(=Y?OF5.)?H



 WA$7P
PX[ALBH%]Z) /QUB5JP

M48
18=1W=@/XF!2D][I02JCT=Y'MA%3.

MA^-C4:%N1%@V&6*M!#$)MB:21LR6N+P

MG__XOT^_$))9.RL.X/-F5P :9TR0#VSZ0[\_.NIW#W&].?7P\P/[/VQVE(H=


N*R
M&


MX5CCRHXL4?(RGOTP8M$(164VVI*S.B76Z']$GSP2
R@1Z=B?3B6K)D+!03.T

@/LO@9F!
M:2%DND89$8+)O%CU);M88H^N8''C4(9WZ_@\V?HS:

MS=3/G-%




ME6V/

F6W3

 P
2

M$J3W\C@:]*;1:(J7)^-)U!^#(/30M8C^&(WICVG4X_8UHU\ WO(AQZWC6=F&


MGUN(Y
G9JC6JX8M9W*A2SLLOD0#ET:1
05':TJ%VN5XMW6Z5U@M;B)FH2D


MW/
=H'4;P]S

2N5'GI;)U;#U(46L+6:K;S7M
GV]7JQ(.N!I)YW :XR('0C76AFRA[B1VMY%)W GR]H=OGGV*\HK
M-5(+7I4@.3V
LQM(I






M4?9T%Q
U


MKQ19^@.**F+1( ,;%F.6IRG4&





ML




& ZB28\XZ1!6




MP /ZHVV[![T!O3&)IH



4:^;VTQ[]!O1
')L=\Z'?M1K5LP-VN.H=4+/.&&_[O

M8@P&7E=XH+J7.[Z^/S#&9R-Q_/YZ?4\L]/:R2]^:V]M'P*MM@XZJQ6=/-W

M?5I(3_3O:5?I[4&?J VX 0@0_=$=CZ/98

M0%8T=[+5C%_ZN1&C.&=L%IEOUROM+FUR2T-0-ZW#A%IK&(5T2JMN)^J846




MO--='\0_Q_7]'


T:I;)

M6ZDL\Y(B?GO7;4




RRFLA_V3A
@;W+)8ZM#

G\ETW1)Y&S3TN@

QJ.Z/_.


(EX<G$/;PJCJJD!SF*Q&





X+6N)
MC7

4&XQ&S6.'96'9R+I&Q@3+)8#WVVT3
M+1JW)V5MX.B0FSECOYU27UNE-6'VN6CU\W78LBU


$JHQ@


AX=21KE2.;





M8#


1\O%II;4\_[TSK/_6_M5(QXMSP_709


.2-;.)1@T1_:E*3@8-DY#%M.QTJR+FMA[HXA?#$<:Q6/
MRFD=4E3W#J8=UW,'ET^J7FF@):Z0.BF=POE[C87!3J_N#Z=AY?'?^6R+ A*
M/[DX__

M&+=2WYILXEP7*O%:$UC;=[XJTAD_=\B.[NH'JQ[O\8!D(MK6C'3E$1'[ML]^




M]A]9U'!FD4WR6R4+/^?\1R/8E43J@1XJ+5=2:/67$6LMGPP


MLB

-FZ(MI6.M.=HH;+*EEL


M*L6MA_







M?ENXP0NF)9HT^PTC!F2Z7Q0Q



AOT1
M0HCZLRY7-_Y&AVUMB;^UP_;(+0YI(F[-.&E.GNX/9[40A./+L^OCCV?_=HP0



MVZWW':._2VEZ35[5=&7S\2A L9()Z2N\JLSMB2.9%N!*JY64 BEG/].
JS39



.
M$?AC&O[;?;)Y2M+*=X?F$ OV;U6J=6AYH]:[43YV1]C
TMIQ %$N%D7??U.)

3:.E2

-
.;*

MN6!?U8;.-61+=G:I![+'9XLBS
9!P26
E\8E0O;D=JA'/,M2Q?YSTD0-6F&
M54=ETF@@
6A#X/?C&[]

ML3-78N&^SDWF??]!CY
NB8OUNZY^:7]$2DF?;DDW.'?R7E
O#%\F6%K9?A;^

MU#K50[)/=];_Q1/U3

82N



]M19%

2K-1P/%1FS21]G$9

M3QZCR C^FJ  
K:-;2G^LNR;A-^/.O! #

M+Z@[YG3J8RE0$PRG7&IR.NV V._Y[D-W'Z4[P)4 XWT=$^MMD=9?NUM8




Z[^^1]NN#4PJ+#N
AL&
JWN/
M@L\;#IWY$RUFF:UQ748$#H1& )!C\WR^9=$
 :'=:$A?G-*;?0(T^XRY;!:=

U*;:NX9)[?YCRWP3Z7


MKFG+\



M?0E;+F/+\=*-XB



4
B[FX)KQTU''@AV6Q7HB8N33#D]



CT_


(W_1+SZ'B+4#*&Q
M
$J2H*G_=%WOI73D8HL\\M-'%@Z.K%V?B^*[)4&OFZ&V\3! )^[QI*?'9H2[







M%Q*5
8GJD23
)]ZRM CQ1P^
QU_2]6Y=C]QIL!O40^NTK;MQMC41OX8E&J;-=00W2-B
MNNOLO#0P$(-#W='-:M

M-!B. P.4I;;4+'E/58]O#+MP
1P %OM
;


:4[M3&
MC-

MHV.HD&GXNYQU$;H#-$8?FP(C7$@/7FA&9R4&N\%+Y
L$Z2K081D:R:A#.3




%_ $S@D
MTAR87)3




MW;K_U] ! O(;7*_$!#:OT]GD5)?834N?G.5CITEBZ!(BM]ZH=/(DEB2F

]=%

MPYT'M%-D'XEX@[^X








MI*T6P4%_P!'FAQR^T/J) 6EX S0+:OV$P9K@H#?LD[HV/0PNJ\!J!Q2W)9Y%


M6NKMX]EUJYZS[^7]NLZ0=)V]HZ_OQ7]!-PF!WSNB#39-GVC QE2L!SCF.P+(

5,-MZ <SAXF$I*I;ND'&UU6


ML*%@)Z2U25%VF2,J:#!I(/=
ND7#5PI&'SRRP1-S%7I+$V5?^8%2Y' A@_

M3%[ZF.F%CV J-;\ 9H10*#3R&^[IY-?N2;94%:OSN9_JLGC_.-^N7O4?BM
\:.#V%<YI*N2
M$&'=HM=3R O-83V&@,)KNLGRC38P6LA2_;K[Y)8LS62AX*W.'%C+\#(ZWN7






M(.5^5&CD_
5<HOAV=<[0\Q/Z3AD8SQ






MAF^A
 6B4'4
89S#032:38*OQ^:28
;#AFC_/(XF_4$U9;SR\K3;Z7-YJC&J

;UI.:-AU!U/ JUY
MIY7#1KV@AZ]/@GGV4WQ+8POOT0A.^&!^<D90[SV'B 8%C]_2'?T15IN=<Q)





Q0+D6T+

BJ0LWCW7.DXY &^V$I^:)

$ A[E^2OOR7/4U?4!KJ!3$?




M:@(OR4FIZ5N$2G8+*8I2[-C^F+\

MT*^3;N1A+:
A5%$CJHWN$AS+:LJ+X3!2' !X(TVM:RH%1YFWFP1
22NTI-Z^

Q6;6F#O&:T*R
B@&* E3RD7[]JRJURKHYFRNE;/*AGU(4MPKWMC8$^+

Z*39^A
C3DW'S








M0I%49//.CZ44AMC$*:WC3O8N)OO0DI3R9)4T*R]$

1#DPU;[I0IV59_&M

44T

*3*^FK5TNU8@Q_T(& TRQ;0DWK4SUYU[;-E6FK
MDY8E]V4K7AIFM#X

M@[N-ANK5PY/]]C$DN837++)


PZ9:^^
M*


?M

IY$U6RR*#YEK=LH\T6E




SC#R


M40
GY8C

S?U26PJ130)UG[GS%U

M&$MS&2_$8:!#+_;2UYZM2XD3::17*E3@5!.6EF$R#-TAJ*$ 3A%ABJKTC1

L]ZQ*?&6W@L*7!)
MVC3YI5,'6QL*^* OET^Y6(N5131Q77+
U 6V'VI3#(A\PA0]%X:?2[:
FZ

2)H123



7



@Z


M E?9W'\5

MR%5=3X


MXQ59N!3H1907

M&\C*).Y7D99=CAF_T//..)/
5\M5TQ:)I8);I:6JM
B
YT)V/\\JR/K3R5@5
M40/DOFDJXR^86E 'Y+(03T6R2'[(?.+44.'I4X'VJ9Q50]2=46ITJC\DY?

VE2QJDMZ 7
M# &10%2=4NG26M0D!L70WRA?(*V0J;W?0UI=Q*RD7*V QIJ!4C8I4=U

NUJ

M5'A55?5%36M

DB5\MSOGPXH7H3


*0]LHXA
A=@@

M


C9V) I_R
Y1ST_6


DI+4V%JLBX85IBY(F*A.76D-E5\T+]2:I/LJ4(80JZD+66
M-\7D=%QBGQ7JF:^LW.[%WF669)KQGP6QR]WO5Q1AF99_N0?DWSR]4HX]C)0.





M 2ZZU5'E3D $AM+O4:71I-^[168X$+%8^XV6=0-(O1:+ 4:]_%

M9*

MY%E)J2&5C[*R:!A:2=W
E&Q*I,(KR6#=%37X,Q;T7OBAE2EI5#VD7:C-
MPJZ@5
K

7HR4*?!YB)K


$;)





M6[A%VQG&CC-X1S\XR3!T _@!QKK#P'.'MA/!#T&

X
M5Q7S3I:E_+XB)OTT%=V4B_I-[DOP1]]+AG&$GS5^4'VY5.(?X?H)3O&C9!@%
VA!VS2A6_R!.
1



MH-&W9Z4-LS*&DZP^8E=\Q[;OVYU6&A.) 9$CN*AZZD$4= ]
[0]5QZ8. @

MX@RQ5Y*\%/
5>@S^QCWZ+FX6#AU

!W X\!@.7US=CJ\^7N S

WI4HP2N.A@'0K!?Y@\^[


SL[\!8X2'S
MX5*&&)8=P/W%(#H@/[1M8N HK ?VP?90+:6Q!C'20#/'GXP0:9-O%N@;8
MOQ/#-] UX/X]O+8B7_CJS]8E]?CJV8\4V/YI_/5GRB;^6$S?VQT!X49%2+&






!J0KQDVV+TN0?]?6#%Z-7Q, $\.*)B@
M_KT9)#%EG:!, 0($'D4M:'22^KL?)A 2^=5DG^39AT+T2]0U7H!Z.T,)D




M87.3]ZZK#DPI7/KWTLNX?]KM-XPP+6'T:_FIL89G!S_5+3DIM5]WZ-HHO+I5
M%QR

M7MMB3L?EJ) .++YB::H%X%,;D=QTYF)HME#:!?R-4-Q#5%DRQHPZGCA'7M:
M_GDY7UM2-ON\0KHJ/[!DY)7 =M-M9M&!0M/\HQ(DI+C*?2R;5!OB!P4)ER!




MKD7UL=:M$((



MLY)4;

P'\#)_=&

M6Q%6;Z()5VFWN.][J L.A._#J5RZ%1=IM 5';2& 1P +EQW:0G

M)!@$Z)6RR8LX3




HF4 YC;




OBZ1&KJWG(4V



MSLKBPW/MH#?9MP=7BU]4/;6L*F

3ZT?@UFOLQ(.9/(
M7L3$*X=%)1RS
H]HI8_%CH#W8[Q9F)1/+):VU!K:V6B (PYFDV.DXC
*2R?I


MC#7'XR



_IE!*WP
F:0_&ORTV=_/EO\Y7 XSL=2E?
MY73Q]&6Y?T;E*'8I(!BM=J!?1-*Y#B\79@?$I+XX* EZ/D:4#&3B#3!2-\+9
M'NEB:&H!004^=/
%=@#K! FF(7P$Y0$SL=PP!F*)0&\'#2I)!I@I9?T!_H-A
M#+!N@L964+XP OQBNYDOG@!&@#5V$58

MMF0


7.8#;?/RRM\69^!SO'




6DT3#\^U[GRG6LG%K#D.Q?*G2=/8)DU@G05
MF645D[E,5Y1PO3
^KOY\\OOJ?7'YK?





M;=N$8Q'A4CC_00H$GC62W?#@M 1@8*?8F0S_ET_$37^=3^5-?UW(!^:_5SFZ


LTH1I7@Y-4SQ?I\^F6\&%/
M
%L!I$ ;!

R/1#5*^M/ZIV
M!^(QO4FM.^

:CTX3RL&C[EX.




2C-OL=Q'F
#8#QYX0


M%2M/Y981*1_&3HD/X2(5&\)/A0UA9
N'

M*2\9T^4R[GJ@:).7=]HMDRA\M,X5_F)6QAJA[,#J1_.SJ:J%!W@82M4*P5

^;1
3&IRA/D@PS%5-*E.




M:H)/PE.CMU!DA
B'
IY7:52E?Q%





M_BMZ5-:$5V2#]

X3HS!#FKX ,\3JS!C]GT!YIFG/0%F
MCT-O!


U*;PRT/=&T/

/\F
K?*^T^VFEP@!)56!V\$TE +



M?4B.L4G$
?0L.=RUU'*^(5(:^I$





M:7!_7] 9W^H+
.-=?0%F3*TOP
E1#YK;G'J#7-+GK2?(1R-#:I!SQ

^&C5R
MTU=OD(]&BM33YXB'?32*Y-:SWMZ7HU$CM2$ZWF%SVUMOD(_V-')[76^0:R6D



8E+5








()
2?G!Y@'H&(^(/2 \PCD!$W4?? WX]


M
*+#]@Y$1!A#[.-=.A#N8 RQ#[(I!#CT#I&13%)6B
IXF3ZHZ$!L@S'$/IZG
M0X$







^F[ NH+LWEN?5=]
MIB_

MN(.2D0+\   OB@!;B 3U@%HH/6 6HC_]8!:/?U@%J([O6 6@CF]8!:B-WU
M@%H(U?6 6HC


M3EX=8/2 H3Q\H@.

#-\*  SN_D,+,[
M+@#C*74&P'@J@$PGC-G (RGRQD XYER)DC+4[A-H/5* R7E#TR@]4H%)24/





4     DB(Y(!_B)


M% 
4     DB(Y(









M

  !D



4     DB(Y(ZFXUAID!  !P P  &0


M971S+W-H965T
C

  !D


M% 



C8N

  !D              ( !



M 0  U0


M

4


W+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( *2(CDA.+AS^F0$  ' #


M4$L! A0#%     @ I(B.2%.)_XVH 0  U0
  !D              ( !-'(







&UL4$L!
M A0#%     @ I(B.2'EUJ&J= 0  <0,  !D              ( !XH  'AL




O

4     DB(Y(3V!O_K\!  !!!   &0

M   ( *2(CDC(;E)OX0$  !4%   9                6J4  !X;]W;W)K







RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     DB(Y(OJR)@F(#  L






M% 







M:&5E='





M.YX;6Q02P$% 
4     DB(Y(E;_JR
P  ![@  &0

MCDA*@$F#1P











4     DB(Y(46R+

M=#@U+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( *2(CDB']Z[!WP$  ! %   9


M='


M Q0    ( *2(CD@2KR5.
 




YX
M;6Q02P$% 
4     DB(Y(/MKU&%@$  !P%P  &0              @ &K

M%S


K(O\ FR1OD7#AZ)7'OB/;^$'







M:+]Z2_


7
M39'

M(_8$#YZB(08&/X6#1KM:;9L9'&@C3]%3RK4_PC?KK1;_FR6MW*@S9F6FMOZ\


M72
MXG=SE_+J;^JQJ37]]+9PB@2DMQF8#G2G+FW;0;\0J!*68]]X5];8B2SW


G.#'97#';_!M/FVWT^P7_:K3\;FG^33[;

M.+X].^LT^_


MLV/C^/;LK-/LSW.\WYT]&RHOO7^85TZ;)]/KY?
C885Q(/[&W_[T5GVF]_&=
M[


M^4%X_LCQ9HQ:L/ATP*E7?WJ; EVTR#$

#U8_CR#N:#![JN^(B
M6<-C(Y0UJXT:/*11WKRIM@73?%0UVFVS66\VUX)M)+TJ0W)J5HQ6]6&!D=^

^BM

M
)NBR:T+AA2H#Z@ZC/&Q365 NUJIF+5*0S]FLZ?:%DP+Q&&G M*P9JX!TY4/

+9&(*3
$
&T*P




LS6(YJ.I!935


T<+YYQNP N
MT 0[9K72:#36AF^)Z-Y/?HB7*E_[8)UMBLU.L]/.QAVM,OL.(5]T#=WJ-.LZ
M&6P^6?'\P
NS5$U

M CA+H A]/



6JO3K%9U
M[CL+B'M!MB&8.Y^MX+M /YY


M

F\*Q!2K56
MNU:M+0M/FK+$)SEQMP43?5:M57-Y:H6S;L%X-8Y?IU&VUP1.+H_^.)[?I8



'&X.NFTZJ @Z-4
7A:'
M


MZ/O2_CUF E6Q

M+)AT5A#8%@YLJV


OUK
%YFHU:0Z?NS=;#












M@-@RU.N8'V:]TM$;B:T







M@.ZTFV8]$T6_=S)97/IYB754







MK;]



M;L+=8^PEO%AK88M^0F7+LU[Y)[G98M?AE?X0X4R.GN@MOS%6Y7T0-(FSMT

MN'NY=:PMLH':S:J9-T.V?F#+9FV^PL[YC_&@PL3U:= VTB]%W'MB03OX4E


BCF.
M?C32IUQK'

.]<SPXS4[T8QYX#?RO


MQ!UCX
(5_0AQ\L


M?K?^ 8 GKDN

M B:0T^N20Y)@Z

M_^D' E_51P:%73[0@





MVK52O5V58R;\-6& N@6@C .'NY$C):





+=RNKSO@4

MQX?O_X+/\.US\LCX\V:1%&



 ^4XP-'C?^W]?
M0'_X %\__O+A\_VV.Z9RZ;Z6V=H^CJ9@WPF&O%\B_.

5=
MBM&?LWT



28

M#_.=KIQR+$6@8=G^.)JZ_T6!B/&XZ
:6B\.@G%Y/T

:[&
6U]@[7M[S?O/H



&L+'L
M(K/
Z'4B9]@UC&OP?


M5W!:GP)K_/
K_G/V3

MABN!.U\LS(*W4%+46Z5.O59J=%JS)


N
HK)0%





M9ZO5:8U 4


M76


_/=%I=T!*</IZV=/V&$X$
=6UN
8\DX*0K3L&77T_: 2 R^I9#'K48MN;%PB ^ _X92B+X0VH21'I
MA'Z(6^G/Q%(&D81VU=-@J9%+](+4
 /A4G^%R'HV!*FZ)2.CU^'6%RU-/$L@


M[3&C 


M]=21!!9:-J[5+VIRQ5Y@++17PY!'9M832MYAA6@G*_2GW)[7@4@4(*V* 9

D6]GLAB01R I+@-Q
B)

WK4]N-NU(]=K7%A2&XY/M-J#
U)
M&X
*+Z=VJ &@ZWO8-7

MAT\
3HM/H/D/IFQP^D:_ME+5OI-L=VJF2NJK

0I NLI\8_SH2/E.6$=




CA,*4V^R.?0?Q2CX01.Y5H!$
MN!


+XS




PK$ME)%Y^Q'[331
MO-1!^&SUAL -Y2U95D+M^5A








M2[TI&9ME3V0T;#K%F1'M@Q%]/RU&A&8=T2?EQ9XZ_]%@SV\T.=%FDD:M48Q
MLQD/%0=BDHLK:?E#T'8\PN^=V$S[?XX4#:J!FG RZO=70?R U].P2WRLS


ML*!U$]ADBI#_^F.2TZHA^1X4#=L*[-!X[\
?QFOMVN_CY?U[[9KO3?%[5[Z=


*Q'P+X0 58

0#LD(($U:!AHJIQ!FY7D$'(
M




KK72U\CQR4AYE5MGG^.M]'R;O

M



M.@VWZN&R
%GY
$G$UJ^S*--:QZ
$S.D;G%@S\@
L\/!=N!-V=J+GEEVQ

^7=J!D/4[4 ^J2Q:JXIBRF







70F2$']2[(Y$
?(INI3-H*:D0QT:7(S+DO7AX+4/

S!;PI:*9
F\G82PH7##*U;A46F5



1@BIH+M&+@8/)Y\
M/+H&X_3:91 D1B%J


:

[-W+,64IC2*HIJ(;)5S


Y6/:1TQ1VSD0.2/X!@S KT[T5
MSYI :9:K=8F 1V[UA0.YH(7?=XR^AC[0F!M6]ZOD?%L]&/38[_?OX*1Q9*




M
(SQUM&XM29\*0LK%]1


M1\O*;Z]_O7QXDPU4DG4_


MCEEU][!Y



@4(J3E/;:B.9%&6
MP5(2T(RHEP]JZ
!B=M:(Q2+75;5)0F-MSV16F$6-K2R]E










L26N68T(3




M+61L$$ ][$E$3;74IQ+#$W?1
I2^#6[XX[K4&R01X 4RXDR.AT&.M:5Y4.QI


7T)K-8W1/Y2::T7G)#2ZW9EF4A+!O7R9HP:4:ZMPWF

DM
 ^
MUMF4^TB+$%0]ZJ@F-[X^9Z0/8Y[19@HG9UW5E%U4^2&DII5192.
EW9HWH

M3[$GVX_:QL B#8T$R
OKKKK&'V








' RL4A8<C'%*X^9AJ9V-XTM 9#$&5&&#LN:8=3W*+T3ZQZ/2
MY6^-:#).#P :XUR3-/(ISM7W7+J/)GV.E!/] 0[%T<X?#,9A7PM=*O?/)*
MF&V-2Z




ME(B0ZUP@%V.YH9]?4:)TH?$). &30J3*.B#CBN1]V IU&J(LG$N8 I+SC7
M )112Q].^AX+%*&#\-A:@%N;O9*$^%2AIL2(OLR'YF!:6#8(*_)'JD@I)*I1

@ 7C*QPS;.ZD


74?
F0JPT_;PQ5<-
M]O4]6*E\)-CC@HL;$) I5G*4I)F^S+W3:+@68[20C.T7=PC (E&C[.7SVJ7
R9
M?9.[=Y0'-^4.<N

M7M#I B:!'S0ED6O$XR27CAAE(4
1L\CA(Z!YJ0SRTE*2BX2D.'=62WTXS.
R

M#4S^]#8.+P:6-7YWG\:*IBFVM[+TS@-H$N]=O_?];X#ZG]0KF.T:?NWG'I_P






#D6Y==A[-#SB:'F0GRUBZ;OIFR#KP+;F



;KK1;=MB8JMD3ZR\\C

4]R\WBIUZK52HY-O0+WI8G:SJ8?!T@^2@?\C]BSD





M $8WB
:XG9:N

[!18UY'HCO?^[U8?M


L+9ZUQ;.VF'EKSQSVRNKYCXYWK,KB
MK1]$\4!F[)Z,;G16%Z?&W+VZ6#,;I4ZC<20J(W^GN6E12+G57S
E(;\%HJO




MNGX

]T<3:KJ%&SYM:2UNB/J<H^G-0;T?_, 1!C
MQZJA+.$UH&XDI))2CUKJA5&

)


V
@8DFP<)]L052J.-QRQ& ;BQZ6%[^0C4#DUVMJ0')

FU&[##-\!VT1)M%HL@C]SQ=AFU?6? 



M#_K#6E

M/$I=$+(]!?8N&*'ICTP


G(M[!SO%,9-PHV6(/1EY!#D1V9

M4=N/NU$_=K4F9R$Y%9DUJ#$T%W




M8:!L2MYW/-*CC0'F_Q._:RGY(Z CRYI\0D# @XC KYQ:F]L6ZQE(V/N1%E

9V

Q-NJ-QX!+B:V)4M6*6IFKBR39
M2Q:GS_#]DIH/_H;716.VYKNQPTY'[4&D;5_Z3


M-7_4(1*LG/E1^EHRB

)13+W]1S[#N*47#H2)O(4
M 7EP]V@XAG)!O8ROAEH[]ZS4.% ;HTM@JA(!B:P2867PM:@!MG/AF*O/ #


M^*!]0D:4-%7SE G2/P/Z,X4Z'I K@;,/75N @.Q,)3V@NY'V*_)\L#RZ!'

4CM/=63^%Z
M+Y6+W30 JDTS*?RG:N:^N


;3




!7$8@UE

:3!*#'0$%T@
-


9RUQ'PBYQK-1HC%

C[KWR_+'_YSW/R!Z0BK[YQ4/JGNZ$HD/C:
)2 .7V#DZ=&

M..ZE$*BNQH:1FO;^^NWG!B'C?KX/FLIQDTGZ?W-!$N3%WD2O#/JI@K\\II






J0=R*4%;/<^D%34 %


J'&U:Y@Q
YG2 [?]_-_4W5
;&




BT
DV
M6*)#@C%HY!M!ZE0F*^/(Y['^(/LKR+F^EM#/0 !;VV5\KI6:U4FK5.Q(]
M.


#[M)Z;6E=-;EHC
WK#7$#02H_.Z-X
#4H!QX^$ 4OQ=P !P_*1-J 2]7S/^TNL%9V#G\V@F,(7!,/W!Z\&QN
M_1
7?+2;
* JFZ3#R#


+@\#(9P
MD

YC


MQ&6](RZ^/X0#314*2MQ


J7?QGA\
M5

M)+/ :I)4Y&
H.\UA(158OC\205(] TM=HH814

M+A55=)(E90#%_(PML%%




PL@+1%)&@%W+

M=K%DZ*-#Q8FT$$?9(^Q)H+TCTC@.+Z:8/A)(




MHWQ#_9SD@U1?5I%2#0LXB]ZC\'KV_M,C\&B.ZTD&ZUF2VD6R [M/*YN$WW
^:FFY^4YDVY?A:@UZ(\*)<R+JB4RDOJX'$POCJ2;ZBB





FX6B];S


M4


MH9

QPIYK.2-48; H2RA=)/@^Q[F4##:XZ=Y0

F^NNJ%2;

MXCQ%R]

M%91
:%SV#ERN+%D!19#00(7+D%L8JD[C
ZO?2 V2EH'[%'NR^Z-M#Q2*DDV
M'4PL(L:EA\;'R_OW^@UXSH=^E_0$SE*[;N56A-E8]9Q(*PZ& 

MB9P /Y:H3RA[:0AA%XRPKD55







=7Y
MQGBLH3

MJB'I.?H#''NDG3
8C.



=G'TU09WKC$9XJ*/RKX




M=Q S+*^*6!Q[]HRQ)KWMLRV49ASND;=*NM%2O6-\9#M*T






*A63_'D;I
M&

.ML5P=.J' 7%M:
M2$E\E\AY'US
S+T6@N:_#YR3WS328_(P ]JOBE1%6ZVY?S#Z'Y3^BS1-IHSV
Q'-K.*PH74G;#3B79#FFT
MB1*O:.?0$X\
J

M:F
OM($+R2RU$S$Y6$2.=D


%J8
MT9:5T0:$DJ8!)Y+%UR@WVJI */7&S&H['?N#66VT6VVBJOQA9$*;?9OH=]
MR]7S9)1=^GK1?[MDOWM,E5D9ME') ]T&,D)GCR*F1S89WOOWH76&/!J=E@
M^\FG?!L4)
RP%%(MWT0[I!6F\BI!]Y398-F(PLI/KF7K0V:%48LNL\+6OOXA



\:U$#_$J.ZB&C^ZX:T]N]ZW*

HL7[=&+]?HRG/==JU:
M)TWY'F[LVM$7QH'YB3





F@21KFJ*1D/R)X!)R!_KE4?.R
MDH=R)ETA\]9R+[21C_2<2(4/$4Y/V\+GAMB<5

MMA^H'.TM&
D@7N[


;E8-* MF-Y
*5TMB?2H8,CP_&$WS@Z $]M@K/MZAD@T1(
M8F A_8S.(-4Z6AX.YT19P194$NJ2D(.Q$!-(
&/(+1ACP'S/X'5'3LU\%U6







MT9.[G2!*9K@R



M8(G;

HENC


M 




M(YZ&LWKOX030OF6YEL\YL AJ^[II+2W7 )C?2T.(@$3:MZK2W_=B_8\_/9GY
B8<Z8W[H3=L;
204G*!4\


MDGI8$E



MG.T:SAB)@F \ N_1_8$51JGFT[[G6('NH/MTWQN[YN+QI???@Y*L5YG5:R^#



M



&FR7S=A?4I/CO2


M1KS6O727;33OP65T+@

)X[5:6_1D$SFD=




MBI0ZN&96

MUOZFE8#-!_=HO.^J_\]OT26]41UQ_MJ^--3$
+ #V'QKL4&[ZT'-#F-D.MJQ
MON1Q3A9Y#O(YV@

M9]^W4%ON=$]$4I8\.M5!R:CF:3:#$E^H6;V9E62+95M



M$C7DI$(V4D)'BS7]*#&[@-37;RGV0_58V7Q2*O%M.+BBP$PTF26N0+6H&7
MCA8.H4)HY

Z]:$I





BOX0V?#?C5BVY:#CCB1AN\





SU5_=U$]P.V1KR)!A\2_=A\2TX:HLI&PW%:MQXV 3




MK%KF;6*/5

R7^$;:U_?^:QF+[ZR_Y8)K@ DV




2!




NRO&6# RF#\.)
@?^@B
^\R&


M3TNA!*U?[(Z&$P'19*$L8#5H;WFIA7T!80DEF0M6\G!MC%^[Z Z2)C,F%
MLEJ4H3&-YQJ.E(#%[MEZX9@6JKE#8Z#L



0;/TE$@:#5T'=T8

AG;ATH.*C$0XVHN2$D YA9'?ZZ+06
1T 'QM=[/?5'NX$XIO

M[E^[/R#Q42



0B3/7;%U=/Q+G5T425*68$LLMX-)C^116Z]4NDFM&'YPG/R^A



M@\AGJEW5VYC
5D$M*(*R'UK)H.V+
MH-.%HPW.#8;EL&V04@-Q'
4T'+D3NGW11![-!#[

M/8HB\P51X@6

M]GUPQ




-YP]'=\+MK_G@9


B6+]W1RM :\O!TJ7U

;5T+).'BHEZ*HK=


3


8


M.K@



K['M 6\OCWS/'!O1$\'#O.'0\L$K'.YE#&AIA[/


M%.*B4X=F387MHEM



8U/
MA]C)580YJ1 5G4H\$^P3BDZ=I/9.6UPJFDB+6R@H+ 7A2:K]!
__OJ#4U]BS


='DZ06%LI*]-.5-43<



M30A)* GX7+ 37!(3 1#U\1I^ZE_U@@FX/XG3@99*BD:]F1( I4 9YOJTZ]

M0'T /B)A





MS.M0R%Z:B+/NR6
O2**HRMAR( XJ 0+ QZ&'3:$+TG:;K^B3
2(_#611+11E
M[&FP$V(2'O)=+[AZ

5AP=T[?Z!/.9202QAFS_;8)*(#ET-

M+%XLB4I1Q8^















Z5&&#YF@



CW:P1PU




MP'
!G J?0S 7HFOH=A[MR3/&O@^W'X[@$E*T3]#QW%YT
[R/YZ9]V^BSI@ )

O]D6\'5D+]\(4-XG_9\:?\
M6$'*^'J*=_C_^













#
E#=3WDQY
^5-Z43+0C'L





JWD&%%&&R.:/=J$*
;D O!.162)9(W@.EDBI4. 55MJ5



M7).



MPW(YL35P W445(/
K(!E#BMC'IL63
OBA _]WS;&#OAV(_5;N%NQBZX+?OH
M7Q:!JTS5/2K1FJ1IV*6YD1!'M
9+[+] ]3XC[DF(\O6R[.AD-T.@H15@5/V




S
M=CRI)0C+T\NSK7#(I0$IJZ)CS(7
A;%!B(P2+XH%OE#

M)E9
RY+PR*






6W


F(3


MS#ZA;


MY&[!YK$)V]]950P6ZV&Q'F9++6#(3/@48\('QGJR:FE_XH$$_(XXYVVNL5C/


LM[R(4E#6 _-\S#=<




VSK*P<V0L4(L\[50/^VSVVR?D




M&G!]A'QDCYSE$

M^RC7]M J^%1OH(A31P]8A&+-E$Q55FT*6_+WW*]R-_$1468SK=!)6S'!I)

G&3W/@Z#$C8L38F-2\1A\_JDL&+&65S

PPH&6PV YAUX
.

I[S)'O&BJ




I1S91RRC]^2Q8M8)97-NMT_2

[#.



,?=]R#1N\
MM&FYX+Z.S?W1OO_D]-=D_LQ]CWX


S
M@?[SD_)

G&
M D@Q#[%


-H\&DLB+JLB7BHSD2@6+.5Z@VOHOMW1 V8?



Z^KRL*/6O+REJ#7V\1M&SY7OMOF]9OURK


8:_G4&]_ZE-_8GD]%PXN+A/5Q'6OCT;QD/WSAXV!@_.1WC




MU LG?7N/GH(&X_$U5-15G$G]#:(V#@_5\$C'^IS^-D EWK@&J:#E:7BZHF
? JBB=5][I4?HBG6
MH&KF)X.(K_Z@,_^*+M2J\!A<OFMVB6M S%'?!28V_DB%W,C^0 JV&=G$EP1


M/NB
&\RN[R^K-?(&:D' =$C7@</']+4=S@;-%\0K$<-



3E_!ZC8)*A$3&4&

&EJVW




MBX(2$Q/*%U%@2C_W2E\N%L!4/F2=4*;RZ9O*$DG[G7+UQ33^WB0KEE2^6-R_






MA7B8A5Y511WS!FERQDMLGQHYHRRK*B=2)RCD) 2HL^GXH]*O3(O'C0?;_4
M$8$&?Y0I_ /

7$T+0$LD

B\4BLSY/-=I7#JG
MVE#

Y

33FN2WYD
M%_P\E?E9D9Y%.VAT76!3NX3MLFSG.XMU,#LF]W9,)@*C&!,8,-9!LJ7MB3K7
MZ3L5G*=YQ&(=+-;!8ATGAPFS$:BR$9:QCH87A+K#M?2)[?:K1)Y+-B10X^;


M+[[BN4'HCXW0]MQL:L2?L-=_=@BS
 =54SF3+$PQ5O-+(MOEZ$3]:Q;FH&(8
MTI:]9A;







M%TI\EZ^HL;S
[)P+%@ YJS@4

OR(1NS
M

D/7-&4V864$+DJ,=FXVDN(;NV\$BNL&&TQ_L^!&+F;SE@V_

J])$M5A)[H

M^OKHST_1WYP:.N^+0?*B45I4

OB$\GB2](&E\LJ%DAE5I^
M44VTDJKP@E(\(M%8\(4%7\B_D

M15OR
7TS6%*5$SP)^8NHL!A+?I
7SFH8))&7B@JU8\&

MDVC__4

M5

M\^IG
])3I[Q9B(.%.%B(X[1#'



0J+(0EO9]RS/LB#2+'\+WPZYJ[=C]^W0U]E.TWSF C+24Z?963R

N\!S;1'P&N S^GZDIC?E^&E=#3I:TDLH+


#Q)49%9D&=A 7%CM@1


M#*LB\IJB\J(@4#NLVS9^]%D'Q(&G_O5E''SNZ?KH:\OH6^;8L7YU6WW/#]N6


?M+$/^ZT=VQ[L__@DU _FK_^DL6



\'$1;_98UL=P;^+GU


Z[<*K5T.#

?'[:=JU?2.!=+


XO_7;[OM[M
M9
'.FII^:-=AP\$1\@?\U^CU&A._6H/G;^GAX$3PL/!%8N I8A


M/@YZ[OI3 ]S)P'Y3R/P(?KVZL7PZT$Y


MMZ


]]TF\_T#.@68#@X3AMWK?;$O7V
$B B

@N=&)J8$



'+T2G)Z7MZ&#P?7


MPC>&P76T%Z'

M4Q6



E3O

/DX
U
MU[YSW^P].)$U:<K DMH.TQD

3X01:Y?-_/'2'U;NT(-?NYC[
7;PLX:QS68+

IV'W^N9EZO2)(UDH%24E/0^O




MIT:O=5FN=RL9;7K%W
RP#1Y66



MD'ZW]C(B;'%@;[7:! XK2^&I
0OFDYMZYX8B*V

MFZ8.08@#K8U( / &42^[NAY\;%-5:QY-XRX]N5^0UXV*QY?5-%;B;YL'/$
MW1C] W:!B65&W[]$P=T .9N7@YM
Y!DFGR=#B5D;\Z5VA?@(TA&EKI6;4XIJ




MX5&41C2(.K.T[ULU\H$S&:
5P0X@L?Q



EM\+Z+49)
M8Z^C_DO[Y:&=56@$AY\30
1:KUHDU[3G0;2#$Q9K)A[MPUBK2H0/!V/PJ0'^

3(


YA;#!- !&KB$-Y6F\\. -TZ649
M_J.'L9/APZH:]]ANS(=70Y29/2'?Y%=6-2D]4V]!A[4M'O:UJ+OST?.BTRAF
M:XI= 0R

M/71N8#;Z2@C(246

M
.P^OERA/!+


_OV_3O@MU#N.Q74\W[1\B MG6(XSTDW3=GNK
W,OW*A/;0SK6FG.\-=9='G_G \NWNMT_<U#;#_I^? ('_

'GA/%WC\I1-[
MUI?03'A^PG-&W.*5_QT'H=V=K^CT831CQ!OJ?L]VO]IN'UP/OVU#OP9_Y3_-
MYH]ZFVO\:K9__JIS_ZL/1]_^5I1$\1M7^U6_XMH_FG=
MSKQ1._H
F6?CU$XZ1-A\=JQN^)53_[''^



MB2./!K
.U-Y2ZW%V$(R!2NO

M)-H#^[+);VF*.:GV?8MPD-=@22%&
MH%14[$PL+XE[1OW$_@$P+S-^1\'8@(
M/8S=K%Z4_L&-@(FKN^X8V

J\($N\*@A'(LA[4YSPK

%TZ$I3.O8

L/N#' T)_Z=AA:;B(P

LA3




7WYG%GI2(@EK&$!7?8&6M=9155(R;/6FI:TG0U*:J




MS0P?=C:4TF(S :.&

7CX7EJX86KM
GM?D


J1W:

Q^:)Q4FIX^&&OSRK

G1*2*\S(W^9Y*0E#A(Q3+V(KQ6838C4]W[3\
M+Q%IOZ;OOT?A_YMS33F 65[YC
12G3R&^-ZKK4M?V6O!P[G+$H.Z.C4P%:F

!M<<!X[E


M]T80

M3-
Q6B]QTC/SNQRC'X#3TZ


DG/\\..
MT;$@JT'V




$'LX

5+'IH5C;* 2

M;OSQ!R(QO!-096!-WQ -O#D=S&4&8'[_]*E_@&]Z P=(&LSN
8YE!&BP!6DZ




M=?OMS!Y:Z,X!O_?VJY5K3F-XS-OX ^O7NNGT,V^ *Z"\/)FM7^SR^MMW\X
M_I]+ SAB_O@?Z%+]T[C[1^3_F;I:Z-POS,UHR\
 N!MFU;+[AE. /V6O[C/
M


MT


07(
U3TDHYRZ 5KFR^GLV'E)YQH-6#M!%
MA7N.%9U-Q[&@:-ESLX-@ -RVYIBY
-P7;X VX*$;L)
^5TY)ML)[=!E! 07%

M@;SN





M^^


M01%Z)K+(LIYK/J


CJWVXV\W:7 ';8#F.UDC@)X



#(!-ZZV@T^&PB1WJ49Z
M/$%WCO'G-$)HV0N3%B%Z0\\(!ZA7\0)(1V 
'=B5=!$M#Z(\L@
+OM%R+!^U

:


M8*-D2-195]X)IN!Y-1D2&.B]#V2D[;G6VS5Z;@KH)XYTY/=$I=HFDD W6
MI#T8_$
XAT/W
@8LT;

MA
F/OF\[X&
2)A @VUP'!&I]#%X/+$27:1E!EYF#V%2=;C!T;1D](D$L0@











4Y-@M1/7[F)5FDC]; !V

NK&1!- BX;
MFDWXZ_XQ0*2=*M;0\M%OR#+5[SX=Q;&5LQ [*?@IB=F:MGMQWTH%?W[/BJ


M\1DP3H0NH_



2N4!'D%CXCS? CX'5_N-






8MK4R+*L?J<G:9+D*"2
KBNL(N@[(@L1(ED2
TP*[8_+$F)52DU*2@&;4
MR/%TB% (1(I_U??ZEA^.]\\V V=;X7=E@8BEBBRSFKHK=X4(
2R)7:Z' +L=
M!\@[LAX\*ZO4$&

2SJPPQRUPRMDD366
MUR5JB(DWQ-=PLG00X

D;@/6

4;Z89BG^GW#+H]B2OHAF(EV=R*;BA&-Q1;40]T]X6\M8[8D
:X



M2N3* LJV5FOC=F5D]XJHJW5PU&SO4@7L9)/YG)54&QJE(JJHXK5M)%O^?1V%


M$3*IX


AB\;KL^UQOWE'6R





CITL%$^!Q.^*)QT\TWK&K6%[6=4'
XMBM

\+<-2Y.:WO8;F



!S#

6-9_XK!A$G

\2[(?)L^J'


M%!

(HLLCJ





MEW+V::W@GNCWU=I :A@W)-QJ'2 UB[L4UQ2U?B4P!:NU?0=H#5?K^*@UW*5X



W
M#41.5.78'K2XH
5&+0;]?/POH+V+$8WF'#W_ 6.T&  Z7'=N_'#34VPIS#
M7\[%\46S]?)2:V$7$5D1


MJ *U


$3I:U6'
6')#B-2KH//QT78._*]=OEUWL'5QB/1-P XR-)NW+DXO K';[

8_&'OJZ)*G*9C


X\F@P

P $XD\]




M=9
Q


62F$$:'-/@F%0REBDXQJQ*B-05M$!J

Y=DRIW_7?A[?U1CQYO\%?=\R







M)I8PO

1\*$67XV

4E&(9=3*&S1*3PQ[)'!





E],V!\NAY1G
M&D2#64*PS@CQ


M=W[H&P5



DQ70[D($+H.LER
1N9\C





MM0C9X349$T%BX&+4H9%^?JE=^


7%X
7)'UST;7M7O(FW41I[=


%?'8G



ZX8TN/5*Z@:8SBIW4_IE/6


8.@H%E


PD6 53GP4:)Z_.X](^BIC=+F'





3


M\=J
-PB#$#S=1DM





^

!O%A*E#P$;6L[XB#D9
M^!!A +;&

9T\A569OF

#

M?PD0=CI\/

M0   D
X3&(Z8OQT@?D8(1I.=
;G.2K(\?SV4U
673\82
0T$;-3U8F

M^5.[1DF(*G+&;4&HBUP)-L

M0=^Q0\2R$XF/S@23]T4







Q[[SO'\.RO2-]?4 *[5NA!WIW=
3\0$]9
2^\S&8!%KQW03J_

]&\00%_2\))E88J^IU6
EB6


M-5:795:=.3&N%4+T6N#U




M42O US+









ML8SD3*OQ7



6U<0LMP[

M%7+YY..JN[Q




M9-Q\](I6[2A*95P5%PD:1%8@QTN('J#F8:C+?A[[W8AY6]SMFY*
MI(NLB+J(BR@?@(Y3A.KPD<?O%T_-1P==S]D'+IDP(&;GE5BO%HQ 8R3)\RL
M=YS.0Q

M!#4B?$?-]X9O[:N72J


(*:ZBY25KU&4.U?A,]%L ?64<):(PT:3S<

M#U_
=_2$5A&AKR#I O#-M*3U9QME0ZGIR?PH=J(&OFB)SQ?G61:L[:^S$R
M$**JR6G02@8L'7+5BTIX@\Z#DV_].CHLPFN4-%T4N138)4.6#KOFJ]FZO+QY

'B15&2U30C

JBSJ79H 2(4N'7.5F%*6K'7AF?''6

M1

M+(&44L&_CL$G_W:2RCNN/Q21JEC





M/Q1W_D_B.=]7C_2?F.LUP%0BW =2+UKN*8'F&+2+KEK.2;3'-^F%T[!=SC

[\1+MYH
.%'LLL

(]G

M+=L$0!RC4RS:V.QVX'J3$[EY:EV5_08.Q



M;_5T?SS&NN& ;P 5W +&NP/4']R.M0V7&IN#5ACMO!.$P*)/U/?
:X1[](!S
=E5E(%5E]IC%4(
MAKD4!^%T%$26$U56TV5BZ$B$P)

2\$#N6C@=EB94%

4ATA);^B3+0






IH& 3J:A;CR8T':VD(P(R2N)W?T9&@X.
M'[@D1H+7!%84R#$2Y28FR\EZKF61U.9N2\XOC3Z6@X; LOL!K/LS)'BZI6

)E'S
MNS5A]WROU?+VQ@!+XJ[F

YC18S
M8Z&ES*H*.:0D0O0)%?01\VP94-+WP^;NRKH02Q %)O)H(17Y-K?:M1V[W[==

MV:T; ]-F?OA&\Y!F=
E9YU)J


.;:6HS9X


29CS99@F87#JO6P*3V^@:]O[



37KF#*XTB
M06VN@?4P##:=(\934:ZRHD GB

2_K@$^E2 4

^O@^!+QS#ZW^I6IP=44

M4
Y9Y


MLMC#
A[ZE*K ZA)7'$:9!9Y0F@DBRXDJJ^GR3FFV





X83P!SN7R6!:$L






M&2)U;GG@D7ML D'

MZ8H8
J3IPG



MPS'&P3YG.'E6UU56D&B2
T.LK +2B1EF(ZCY*T18/=]KM;S2&D!)W.:\%G$4



MDR&J-6O@VEY)9_5DA164@R[@5!26UVB41X8LU8V!:3
_?*.YSS-ZNZV]+R7)

MRF#\O$'89:Z 4.VQ[9-840

@LGZ'LG-K 0N2U;]@E#?M$
M3F

M#;N\

ME3/44AV\^1-8N/91$ND6943):STTPER%:+L
?%B!XUCIL*
_#2@D8:NK.:@5

8HR3C:FO[[P2
M?TT =F-F+J3[K7/0K8=+/48E;D:
N^5?0M_%R2OF7QVOZ5C8?VPUPMOKXUO;
(S8YL$8AZ4
M+R#9P.?WL']U^72,NE#YV)O+*N!4<Z

MC9'GF




D.. 8




*'3[L_OH6*?C:D!R4D^'+
M@W$()Y[1M#O

9RTWI][Z-V9:5(NIP],EP'9A[4K[N-L]MWY^K=[V/_V5=



MAZ3Q2O;P*0Y@[EDE^*OQ_GC6OWFZPHZN*
LY4GEQ^'+-*KT=5\\N0D2]B]8(
S]##X(G6!?Z:%XZ3<MCC!!!S50&TS$ND




M5%U<\+ZR
MNCUII2RO'Z5:9NXP'WRRO\-@M!NCV=TRKZ2/5H6_\UVN^#ZAPO;?]Y6[FY.

=1XN+-2!Z

:+PQCC$*T
V^U1DXT2N.F$87AJ5^WP
OA6^#$HEN1Y_;
MGL]8!EIH-G!#?\S8X!$!..TXWBCXQDPA%Y3O$
3Y%^U@@JT@_W;T[X0AVU=1
M7J
HBS03T!8
 9@^B=LTYJH0^!4M&S'1LIOJH1-N]VV
(\:IMHN*OV.R@\NF+XGOTS)]I)UP/KHR0+ZI
M\%7DOT*Q0' -UCSE:_PQ!=!JHQUX#F0\I/*,1]P S]Z[/064=@? Z7.VK(*B
M()LQPMWFP.XS6;H(0<080U_F-.!#Z(.#!HJ[99VOZ82A3R[V<%_$JM)
BMK
M6O'XY=(K9%-18T5=9559)8:*1&@#(F7_V@N%
-N*6QFP3Y-Z9FA%92^N$@S*3$RKS
ZJ)
C%XO-3E%EM-T




*T
MHD%_]&II(7T-)K+&@Q8T[65NN?A







M9+0D1AO6=W1ACM
8HQ 3KD8$4 ()'EI!V 

M8/LS-LJ1() S.D1H+3)UU
9)

MK@N=Y]1;/MS5!'Z]Z1F^B7P8PW$8^#V_[]MP6S[?ZH!+C@5N]-K
J&N!VWTP

M7K-\'^[9 ]=*!Y^QC(3V%\5SC=
!A@YT#!@%L!H_&$$T
3RL5GC9I6RQ@$
;!T;<-=S*TP&&]R\\


N#:)]0Q
!HN]CI
MC%S\R80PT9*S9%JA83L3
*


@GDY'%30OCQF$V8;HI0&3P.I&<

%


$.9]C=




MROV[VX GRRF]

N
MF7(Z%4A:FU$\,UN8MM?.,,.5:2/MA+:B9,X8EHVN\1:BNZNAH59\HS:AV;'=
M_F3W=OI-$FCKZ) 0-R2?%2RDR\XD),4^^O*Z-._Q^7B:,7]YK((K[T4D#F,)
M5WR@XJ%#[?K^UFFTT!Q5XZF/?.G N]!B5=AY(<4#_K@D]-P3]RS5L</T'7L


M81M=\


MM8]/X


%


R$_XUW&(X;%_M%(LX.EPN0VO&VZOYHQ[S7.\6(BH,%,4-T5C$9(4)S







M6/$L[FR!=J9(TU*@&:84(2
Y]*F0K9F%V9W083Z:K('^


MZ::FFYKNO3?=1(?&)Y.*B0*R7
6D9@I*Q!23KSHL$NS6
\Y@U:BOG
=7+FS'

M=$


EVOS]
TX8=

MS-T@#$+#A4OB


'ZG^3O'
O#_
M/[X73=N\4

M AHOY\E55;T00&#C2U?1U:F%(W2XA*-6
YX(.WVS_)8=H$383W=H!:'G
X^&



M*4-BHV#



PL1P#G[N
MAJ%IA!137?NOG[T-]S8XTY&:=PI-A?;'?/K'8=!NUB$4(^EVX!82;V&S.(H%
MV(8BS$$!)O+@

SIK#75DSOM)PTN6

J];]JD*



7EZ9-VD'FTW28X@@
2AY[0#'K TFX^=SC

X'IF)HF

(3O4I6QJ6&:X2NHG5YJOBZLC=YT^#)F;(O:X.K0J)\MJTO\SE?$
MNR@TRTNSO&397
($Y
.&@VETU5XF/P\(51K@)@2XJ[TJT@A$6F6:?6W!IEX(
%^R[+\*-/
M\8YY&7OAH7YZAN-^\/UGR_<:7=^R[ERK;K^=V4-TRG0:#\&9-_#ASVOX5$7W
M9.FMQPQ<._K(#!_84RK9?<
)X =]/[ZPO
Z+XCZGU\Q ID=Z?=&O='LG[T\






M'VJ/-\RU


_
F./(:S

QN0S2
7EZ*IAM7@-E=K2#WD


MI^J6Y2D:5N9

M-*/]A^D
X?IJ#Y

'PI^_'G RW$!N]<#E-C7 
APJ(7FD

Z$$SC$C/(B4**''%

M$\+-R.WQ^T81FYD:?#T(++A)3FK#=N_&B!%T6)KS7$^#B1D1F+82@J
2YM

'%8UH0B$&


'[
MB,XC6#O'L!]PW:C_+P'LJMH2$72O0A&C2VLEFC^% S*?<KJM
ECOF4V6@^P


M6K9_8+[V3:##
FNIWB


+&-9*Y:8QAKA'4H*HL6
M
ADYQ)D''!/?)
X)V$ ]7J !NU2THO 9*!0#X[@A
:X#!Q_/X4B:;N@^3O
(
MN!($.HP!0%FFTC?)G&&B@ X(C^%I
6H!?

$

M%&.-8:W9FM;

N [RM09D
;_U\1


Y'3-ZC%CVO%L
Z'5V&YI/LD:(0!)0=67SK&\IP!



MX9O!T!TY29C/ .EU1\@%@M]J2]0%P=A=S7J/=JUJF%!YCXJMTYN/=
J=M][;

MOV
'].S)_I8%_F

MVRD1+:Y 5AD(Y$8






M$=Y


MJMU
E^R&Q(N5XBPB=Y&$K0HOU:LE7.04*CPC3+XO#/!YYU+QFW$]FU30M

T[XM^6I=#OA&.=
+


N%/(+78;($1*9:+OI^D!IF6:HW




MQO_^I([_J0C_GM.I/B3?[!@_!_Y^S^B\$^$CGWT]]$+G:W6OHM9R2+(Y*F




MA7Y#E

NI51-P:X
MELO8'8NZ
5F=EN&W


ME
 F-GR+0*^J:LL $.'
/IR9X;G(4


M&VOS72+7TFL)2W*]3JZE-P\6(?+SH\?4=R(7R



M\1?S
S\53A84&



M[LYMR7\ZKRH, #:P/[U&N'0[C0*:8BK
+) OLS3SN9A.2W!U=GQ139:A
M9('YX_A(ED_/VR\]]::8
C\/(0N



.+H_





MNGFS2_X65 76 





8KR?#Z%^7@UP\6
FRO^+[ET)?$*$W2J%?LTBNP^*W5G_=U:_66KQ8





WG5
MPM.?NE3G6]76.X%8G=CR
JW(3$IKV9F)21]G2H




+BZ%R0

C2?\T?W+U=



M) DU*1








Z%+7




8IJ5K7'\R
MN[_C^HKI\%@G'O4#4S.QPCXNY8XW(
#% =P3A+C%5G&X






M\3X8NL=[!@]
4NYJ_Y'IX^@^A66LX*Y_79/H5 QTG&)W_]75^#OS3SG@KB
_
):BD49H=8)K? <U
M(N43<7E@

]F?&M=^(*1N1(R*!]Z%

M87VR*2GRW(6=6@13':S-?ZTP9O.J
J)7IM&AT:10
.)9@N[:FMD7O(D


M
ANB!KBDL1

M0 H5;CO G97Q5#.MIUJEAZK##*;-RQ$X':AOY#F$2K[^+ZU56_KV_P2QHL5;




;-6V_9R-*FM%H#)Y
!
#1FGMD7
MP#


M(+H:4P9D=Q6&4NE.3@P-(/ !C87T

M.Z1[WZ9]M/9+^V02R4M3A

0Q

1X!R .;!A##H4:=9E3B8?TL2;8F=!5
M:7J;I.^HE30I
:_ !@ZY0YC\X6XR7 ]

MS]B]T;L#1/PZSB4SB!RUG!]'=(JU#4;@GE.,T6IQ&MD1X8G%1M&=X-F:D
M%,.@&917Q(82SET4RGGZ4VE:'&& *1\







5T1;#NQ9X$=2S!? /N
M1%.0II%#;#X01-
Q:HL[]



MN3G/4K 0')V7N



#$U
3(S

M?5MSJTB6[OOY%3KUU!/1NW95U_3
=


MOR:Z8_K;2;J-;3
5M[Z9A%L=4'#







;[[2^TY:'Z^TRNC?+Y.1HH*?^:
(Y/


KS(Z&WB3+U]GKP3UEM:JYC^WD5
](/3:;\^HN$+Q



TBI3P@]'=*\#N^M%6Y_A-V-U\? B?/

#8UC8<D
;O7&)?@M$K]'Q^E#@J[*C_1J(T!
Y7OKVT&04KP/S3@M)6];F6S!4R$


\/
MXKUQO5IV]$L


34??.=1=ODOR6DD^;N
 E*Q$
M
F/%V5XKQN:G6V58



2
7L#A8]:A





T^7[-S5Y5A%^]<9:#IV+#7'=O.%O+<13KT

M3L









M3;!W(W^3R]K_KWI9JR+53&PG8!AC+'7
R3M_C



=9]FZ]AP_QV@3]7_5%[^^$_4)_][[&\9'II]GS'6K9LWPGV
M](Z_3M!;)MO F+R^YR[J;N7YW+4%2.[D#]&M:%\)UZH







P+=VLC-UAFW5B5;K(O088W:698(NB XJ'
I


4#IT


^T
M)!$4[6?0M*
5 M62IBYZ

M]58C1.0[(9\MB^NM0QW06Q3H;S^U6EX_*!!ZR9O^_$E4!?[10

MIE7E''DVMMJIG=9



3H]8TY




1=]R?N'M-Y/Y3X0N
MQ7O=- TDS*= AQ/TYE/PWD;Q+NL7W'LS^?ZD'!\C%%;Z:AKORG#MRLUDZ1-1

'TU%E/ :7]H2)_


M
7_M=]U@MFJ]SL:L?7[G+6;OBE!X[[)ZU5



&;SOSY* R.LP





MY#*\$6)-G3KHBKB
OXC9^EO(95254PUICT
[UBJ7OH;1^EO^

MW(8P@5


;






'4J



L\5

[1#<=B


NJ=
W@CH#W%K?MV$5

\FFIJI-\[W5EJ 5PQ 6
A7\\

$L\#&
M:E(9W0565

TKP9E&N$^AN1I(17
MD]$$
U9:M+EKN$RXSH62NIJ

U9:/ OJ


M+]?4G%L;-$CFM;/0XAT1;LW.='E.5GDA)71(5=U2Z'LW[4((%F;$*H)
K8+@
FBOD7;AI0KJI-OOR[-C3P%U7TH9#G#Q8PP:WS%-2/6

8H?AK8Y*%&D!5(F4]S4_8K5$
M'8:S&BA1E$/^75JVD&E$)?GC5\@P
319T4A2XX9%!3S\(
JN!TH JN ?OF

MC+DZ
%&\!;
J3!+\4Z)6L?*Y+=;H9S :/WT/:86979^&S 6-%DVF'LK\!^OP
MU[Z%-%(/E)3F!UX5
DT?C
-ST!MSD^Z9-WVVSN54E@+?S@8C[!STK#K\XV.I


C09[/Y2L]H[DH:SA\=8^8IT.?+
M\VH=:[X_'+)B'5Q) AYB? 5#-K20DF0T;5^^#L^N)*
)9'QTP%\!Q6?*9NY:

9(1&9L9I4CMB4G

X-?QRI;TMF5V3]_=(R9AXKK@B1N%ON1C




MN2;ON*?'QH:[VEUL5[;J-^7LJMK




RECC0UHHU;GU0=V3@7/O1791CG



CVQO#)L9+
M5 _.M5*TF%5M#J(KS
AI.4@%G&.*\_5!C.JSE1U11D[*?%9%U]R@H;%?'#9I





M-^UL1_^(


M[Z?Q0PVPY-%HWI8%(*%:G:J 8B[R


IO)LA'QZ9+/)L@5?A

MH@T/319]58'*5'\C!6I&#S5BJ
.211LRH
F!._-+=C&MIEL&H@X/319]3NHH
M

M%FF45GB+@Q!5KO9Q

_GQ5#JAP.^
SOE[-6';:
WI4*$CXM!#I/5G0Q+!
M%K1(T]H



_1AC_$G1B2&1*%^V6*:-KZQE
7]O]
MZ6O)88X;['9H $0;_AK_GP)UY8XR/LP?/V^3;0FW(I@N


M28R52]/I5#=$#UWMP5 =:OSTH#IEHRS@.:W:]I+I01 .;/P4\1XS53;V^M2+

*!C9\B



L9&+&@MF5=;'T]$#!!U(E5?V]7


M,[D@X2Z:JE)TZQBZ\& 6(LJ7YE8A92E
. A#$%:#)(BNJ-J5K++601_;

M0)_]
0DBS&5=?ZB6!1HH@E9,89J!%KA:*1X1-6C$KHK&+







M*7;BL2O2^

M;

9X10+=&HP3&@
FG808
M)8:RL KFKYV6W3/SN;MH\&T;IF


MZT@;E

04O65!^7+IHRL'
M+L!N/-T7D1BR

!%]BMP8570L\@;P):/126C
M9@-G254+61N;JES50ZD_9TVXI-1N:*/Q [H@


MH0Y4TK

M=F%X&UA)QS7V' 2@\ 24RPM?\U+:(\#5W0U[+UGH#$4+6T*LN7FCB!)UH#
M]
GJB&348!'#R

[8])#&'L
M:H/V6$7 M[)0)6#78$V"PQM*E1N3@5J!.F$4#NSG3$*C$D:C-*V*?X1V
MSYL70C (VPC

ML)OR#@1


MH7Z^&O Z









MUF^%;PV+!()0@$@857F=P:1 6
K]/);Q@*



AHN4CO'F8#







M?M&+L8 D4
E 3F#7;WT$#BS?Z<B<M.4U%&D##%MVF9OV6_V#Q2%G


E8'&WT9

M\[54)&4V$[59OQ[F.1 ):H.2?(=G5 \=PO1XT]O1H@V6!-IF!3VMMG 4D8/\

M!-K06IYR!K)5R-R
0=:CWM-WS:C+XOK151-N27(@C1U9[TK^29($M0+5C,
IS]BO:X'[\=2
.OJ29Z\9O8JN

.
M'J9SM#M)SZAX=3@2E&CMB?#0MM:'^0(F]%LM@X
C@:;#VP 7UK01AUKQM1
N




MN2@M/1==BDX3)?VB)#9 DJ!4QDJ52I_UT3+%K)]]MX9% D$TW&Y:#
IPPUE5


'\!@_R97)2]4E_T



_
M5




R&








Z#X:2Z #K'M,';=PD.6JHH%$D
MS-+RU:D%^E^:^&5! X.FS)?ACFRH IL#MJRQ$;QZ88S;F(HV<M5/O5#S\:N


/&


QM P#-!AG]IH9@Y6/OO\.\@CE!KQG)(3GA(L4N0!XE3C2,N@]@F9TH=]I
MD1R:UJ<,D\<C3
]53DWWZ!P/DMF. )KP


0I(#CT52N1* I=S!AZ0!YQX.11B)V7#-L:0JAF/#&MD&!:?




.'AS'!MH1B5=


MBU6Q[UO&U#A?D-=(F'%P]_3Y!J:@P3P)NR:M,%?09Z+N+%L30:HB
MLH8]


M\^G%
WU7PY)'6Z($RY6RL9U%AEV'.PCL#=-&;\-=NO5V!_2 ;.H@OSMOA\[4

=%3-608\/7DH!?)7#IMX==1CD(+&FT
M^;*0


97#:MAQ?@@L*31






MK%UM^



3&I.F'1P)1Z]([A )U@'U@G[%;TZ& D4

!(H

M$PZ.!)KF!25-N6HG.T[/^UG3ZV D4'0(12G3#U7T3YB@8R
$]

C@:A
-V:H

_!U(Q[SSST-X9=3WY)41



/DO;64;PWE;\G4-
QXZ[VV
MF$^!OO=A6REO4Q




MT3*Q'


!$\
;




MX2[Z5#]UJ/'3X\C@G+9H;:5J1E][$0YL_!1Q3.$+#A




MMA$Q2K2?#XRY:
1Y/[:P@#=
U?0E!97G?!?L_!=?!G=L/6E;PENAI\
S0 5(


M[K^LN6M[(^%DIRL&I4(*(KW@-+8IS-]7OHUPDK4$9E/P4@
N+HK0SJI?13'^
M76
2/A@U7/@PN2<2I?+@RD'7ZV%H7.=;N/1 P

MI-5!2:+
+2A596?T8:4O!J'K') DJB@X:H2N2*B'0

[CYA#HH290AI]XJ1!556



_8%
4I1V[PSP/9

*JJ!A$))YL!(_=R_N DD274QJ
M


DBU5?2
M4$T%!I4DTHZ+&TX.5PH

PMTY($E4

TU8T()-$7NA)BQD\B&3:E]E!:*MADD185OK06+OT; UU
M]W?-D3*'PR:)0 ?U[]5C/5X%H .9S#B!'X3$5GR2B 2J@KP\?)A@)7-.UX=1



#$U
3(S
5]C

DT[LIUD/*/$&MOI]5L')B&)
M%Q+0 :!LW5]_ %_B P ? DDH^=+4PH+8W=_BM5@L?OGM)? G.TBHA]&[LXM7

M)W]L:3T&1 XN46GO]V@YTP@(A--HQMW\YFS\_/KYRLRDM60_PXFTRFT^2S

M$V^]89._.7^7
_F/R6*Q?#69^_[D7E#2R3VDD.R@^RK^CN^AKV_%?YX A9
7

MZH6Z9Q


M2*TAG:X!V


_S-3G@R?HOSMK58=Y3.BD69W92%J84PH9O0X)X5R5I)66)5(5

*&8T#(+H:U./P2MOR(X4+&(&R,54LX!
MWHJO _]L@HD+R;NSR[/),Q1C%Q^U1T.&CYJ,]R(&7;DL);:DB?XU9+;!VF]
MA'(T_VD#FG/'P2%G\AXZD#/\Y
//DFZ70/2M!?J2.U#4^9'+T?;4#OCFT@

M+UN(*)1/0%J:!\YC7U *621(_3&!H1NX!93CZ]5-2MS+4VD)S&/H04LL@1


TB78^\"4 &M,GR-33CR7YP@-/GN\Q#RK6YVJ


UF*DN(%/BJ
-#44Z
$HH+(5**HP
M'ROV.GQB[:/Z8E*YTZGT:=4(BFPLN+$Z1&\U R&&HH$)1F%I1!)A5'@8\4F
$COH=<I=!=
M B(8_HR1(_?2-Z%-O?5:6DLQK1%0@:

7':VM
^RZM\)VD


OO1]/C5S$='ZPZ&

M3$4DZ-WJ$;Q4(PBZU#Z$%K2J_0V936O%*6S(M_7)P]A$BE%NF51%2=64G^


MY

M

?(


M.:%4A6GYVKR.3&4*HZ_&;;&%F@7^A1W.G%1DN1$H2K



Q<7[8RMOMBGQS\#@JHS]4W[3O


=Y'XE QY/U(5G1X36D0]&)8504





M)6[)&+I438_WVU0]
8-HIY;Z^$@+C.
#)EP)#H1N%.RIOH?;O$+)$#053A1^
MG0JLCK3

MH-8HHCX*U2K'6_K(5P-W:Y%0XV--$\,7YW(_;Q$+N^CA15$RDK^Z13-/*RO
M()F#%15.#+HF*FC]6/D).V6DZK(Y2KD (*6A2G*MTV'QQ1T-J^CEYF\E-XR

MD609A20D)P:D7
SZ9[LMV4(KP-.12

LL?C-5C6




J#F.!422](;+3!:B]@1X3DS

#9+]I)%



B\0=YV_4+@*




M&QE-VXU8

O&IY=;1!D)^SHT
M;=S4J%--0\:

.7UA% 1?]H62B?%'4RP; #)I&&1

MJDO[X_6F([DUMV'D,6W!KP@#.Y%G@(_E]GS\-9)%!/:.Y &N!D-5K.\]P=R
MQ$.LT+4[[ (=V#%#GB[


]V :OUQQ




M9MFHCK_][;??KTW3_\28_V9B?A(:
7IMK_'5#OKZ5)AY\DW;


\3X^:QGB@Q
4GJ[C
MOQ9+Q__^G:%E=#


^/%%KW3W6AF^#O.3

$]M\TPU O#

7_^VN@&@A^(V!!0F5F

MWI%D0U



MXW&


M)&CT@V%+%F
Z-#$C'79M




MJ3E#TT(#5*








M-A%8
\!2\L(4)%LEWE-WFUI8V\L^KLU:-[W'O9OXN$U_=W?6NW=+\!3JN 1@

M

%O1


JZ6#:[Z$E[\'+CQ5&M\M%[.P_


20


M=0?M=?


MVB7&DQ^K:L$GB]@8
FM6O//7/G?Q0(?(?(;FS!2ZLP)J4[CSUSX)&=U7Q'LX
M-* L4&O



MU=[0\'*%1/MV

M95.]F]#^

9;6S



MY*-^\SPSM


M9VB28S7[


!*9[R*I7&+IW;6.6C1<N\@.@?XXV!<$'B_4


MEG0TLTR\O

QL
M U5JB!?H









MYG;WA6P2J!9@EK]GF[6+A'E7CH4*\ZZ'%OWTI*CXZ;LH2'GD\:(4*SL?UE4
MG

MPJ.;Y_OLC$X2QZYT
9\'J:QG[J-1ZC

M%/PT$=I]ZO0_SIBAW_\X629P7U(J:N;/Q*%6I&B9;[X9QOHJ#/:6'FN5J':)



Z S:4V <2\:Y==.W=
M16W'=2TJ6; 6[W2%U ?_<AD $4D0AH]%')0$*[#E;T\;(B#P*8#$^&%^
#6


M3-8G+CCEY=K:P[


IPSEK9C





M]373W=;



4HRNE1



M=T:Y

K)H6S)WY;J.G36UVRBF]/:
TV7GM
M&:+)[OB5YZ(\%^6Y*


O/TJ@5SM#BU4S0GS-ENUS[YF(^7



MATG0:=X]F;@]7N'\F3AU+9A7




#JE@


\TE6]X)Y0YV9;?S+
M




XSC9FY'.AV8)7
!JC5G1#_4V:H31W9ICW^8M;C^L-
M3=U$5$/^ZU7^@-$2O7
S8+QWBFC


F=N=Y9 CABJFC93I


\%;B/OYIT0GS\2(:([J.@%'DQ6;JCFNNEW:5+-Q'HKKH

6H)S/FGB0)L63P&JV'6
^?5\A%?%T$6T864/ @O+
M1_79VAW/K'?SQ^*QLO8[4=N/R;(@RUTDG?NK7&L=XIHTYBU!2PK+P3T*0\T
M7OC@D!5@J.]81_E7R5\





MW7Y:VOAML5A;:[QI@_HTX14XSY 5_KTE%(Y?1 \L RV*VZ]&GXYZR'#?\8/7





M2_;R8Q=8]A&-.(7*#63$D5#V\%_%+U3\0L4O5/QQ2]$Q_NNZ%)G]!Q9F1-



M^!+3V

K1RXU1IOR#Y2($E.WR*9]5^:S*



R
[S


M$ $0;7P(X
6


MQBY.[GB6+9OL(: :PZHQK!K#JC'LGW

*WI^+
'8-L$0]N5&JO$'I*F.2HQ



BVN
MJ
MU4):Y1LIWTCY1LHW*KMOA%OX[[:'?H'7:8!84Y&L%Z@3DM07BNW-P/4$?)9
M]G'9.FO=9NS-76E@*#N^$L$4V[Q)=0(8/8

MPUX.^_FP5P

MS::@$

M(?NHT51R_9+E&.E'OE6G'2CE68LZLO+?W.)2-ZDH6.2J]^W=7SGN^F(:





M2UO ;S?-(7F9
HM(_ZE:M]W#Z6F5 I#-J22 +T2H1'HFBEII^\]?O=ICQQ







SEHFF@L2XB/[ODV@AGIT57
MW5J[[KR[X_[Q+4.&1I:9 4?A
LO.4H:V@2-BLA3++2.OZ!KI[M4]6[M/4
M:1I59 8L!8LL.TEA78MSIS+GZ+3CSK7ZBMSIC=TLN0D5E0$G0T65G8MAW;Z0
MOZD-_3GY :VJJ\7;L9\A!Z&B

M

MF.:RBH7N'T@PH(M_9T?MF&F+R2XQBU83*+'L_ 0U#1 TMU6-H_727B_PP_XW




M9J N


M

MRLIW958P62O:E++LM2R++4L2RW+4LNR'C[31^M=G7DKH._=5.I^O^].2!^,
M;FGU@+HY46Z628M21%\GM4:8RZ2R=VEN^5OMY=#4S?6!9*X7[\S$*B5?-R:6
M2++[?^7 * =&.3#*@5$.S,.!T=R98=ZB-Y'VPWTN
OE?#Q=H6MG? 5G4FD$




FL_(;RPF9\UD?4!

$D\Z:X';'W1MLZWXFG[=YHO7.*6C


H9$HKXP






MSGXD]=WV9_9RC9R*[%

M?6_V_.DTFU.CJZW)X']


M:W

@62/#M3P1@UOU/!&#6_4\.;AXMQ;

M?'7\SP([74/#OB[?VG2VVQ$P25F! #WVI2 =)3Q,B^@


1^H8*_-
M!KI^N-##K[ZZ:P]MS35]/@=AI^H

MO=1


M9 $M@$DAZ++1**R[C$
R/
&3%HM8G7E7S#XCO^C@<X<L(70/:.AEXQ)5@T7VD?:[#?I8(_'+!A970U]%
MNDG
 D1X2O0RD8L2(^20TQ8^Q7VD3@YQM*BA!&=O1%A8]4^$B%CU3X2(6/





M_[*6?=9Q@=;QI+HV
7^R





$G
3H-Y6:M3=0*L:LDWLJ:3

M$\#H^4;8B-=Q634K;TNK/ZF
PLFI^%2F)R\K(6IVD$
'B^$3=MBK[7Z\.I

M:5V:+C+. !(M5







MLC!UEG'^W$2XK\]PN6Q-D2W&GC&MMOGX4L$9!JN0) OSQ-05QGGX$TDI*:3
MK;#+;K6K]56M%PBX@#3\(



IZ]
MBRG;\%+3W]X(07?6:!K
K


M9

G$)-.%T\JP.QD-5F_3.1='


M5#4A;4^]EKW;-RYD*R!?-P)@I6LA EBOSX60=MA+5'
?E-8K9'U!K:\UM3%P




M
%.1 \)\?8J V@*((BG*61_
+\:YAB[N-C[?

M\*V.O_&QAH68CBY4Q!+PA*XI@REGH.SYTMSEV&^\+6;LG7RX!HZ8@10BL!




A[-*Q
M**R]K#

MZC]=96)O(8/

M6

2G.TVS?)G2GV#SK!)$59P=^;-='P1?3CQ.LPXR ^E\#+3EO#





7AHN
?171%]H.&ITWGK62O
[.Q'T



O#&RIN:7A#UUIA
J=^TW7GW?:]GN.;

MD;C68#HE4]9M8SMI8\$%\0@&YN00!;A




M%



&):?E 02\$/FJ9RF^&(*6//K0TN:'QS=)9+






GP:A%OE\W1NZJPC@560(WK^ 2RL4MAB9SBP$F;EG1+^MB;^M



MRD4I6(_Y;0M-//+$'_KHIXN8??NC+\;)WAEFN@^$

M&9\O;E@Z_KQMH
\[]+\X9K'0^6E%12\9I^@:9&\SE3LI=VQ5.O4=_GS=5BUN
295J
UUO[4;XJ[C%)G1<_O4F =QR42BD-6!%90&BW\?N
M<7%IXSVZO3%FOK@643F)D\8N5STH6@.(% !(N&N5E_5_2[^.




Z@Z#<<QCFO+RB&7
M=
*RY:653BBH[$0R*A..RH2C

M6@JZ0!K+



M


R.5MZK;/3SF3F


MF^VM3J@^NERZ\$RG&%A.WH1@R\2:L


M.*[P/7$M4601_*T27$29V



=$W.C7\&=WN#A?H@01\+R! @B^3)2=9C?*5C))9C3G(8





X TDB/

M=?D

DF/

$+RZ



8N4PDHFH.()#TZ/1^.AR
IGBCTC4B


H):*YUN
5F1T
MW\+?1V2

]V/;L.W^QU-TWR
M =]'=_A9%;. ]+R**J DS(K4HYPCXU@BN^

M(4I02W*.A6-)N

D'$O*[K31




MW8$V)-TL/W


M?!M+6MNOH0NUSD*;:T?G$#]55TK0]
2A@9:$



2?7N_A3M:&[_?-B%/.@V!2 '(L; H EX4A(3Y*..F/)





^AH!V/+SP\:6GIJ/*&5A!7/&I)T3!=S



D3*%IR*S







3Y4@8$DX$M(30 Z9D=MJ:W



MW/1D 7!+0AE(:P!Q9$9O=9+
=M353J/%J;@.'8 D

M:S17J(-LZ^YFYZ'+ MH3)$C85\0L23\&L*((C
Y<
MAX0-02N^6=<R[ZIT4A$4-W (ED1HF[A\%6MP<#/'O:(:(+Z,L8H.F)0P,M
M66H^@+((C-[(W&]JAZ/52Q-E@)VX (?*

 061&B-]&C0OV
MPM#5[K2B'9VEF 4R;%R.8USHN6A#*0U@#@R(\1;KWN?(KNN+C5\O#2C+F!M
M500RQ_(J+DD]($U!Q!(9A2Y
KTQ_1I-:!B7P47 [A
F;'KJT&%+PAM 9P!I

2P4 2T*1D)[HY/B[U%/&EF^CX;166ZZV
M(@Y7IJ!QG##V&:TDG'C6$$ (F=%?W*I5IK[^UJ[M6V





6U9: DYU8(!RY
RE@):$
M+%1] 621&;4EGE5GA?WRSH8(/CE[_'1APG+N;0S!EH0R@
X TLB
XL[/;W5W

JR_)N8SXUJKJ;G4!VU\9H!SG
ME%% 2\(4JKX LLB
[.Z-R7;1;.V/UDH 2VAH'-.%G]%*PHMG#0&$D)HGE[1M

MM
O:ZCI5I9-S@&N^B'

M?I6?+# FQZ[X
&9)J$+3%L04F?%9K:]O*R2-;\]HG
1L%8
Q.;J?
&9)F$+3












X@U

M&PV-HW7YC%82:CQK&*$S)AP_; G0SITZ5+?UI:/HP$%T
*FH
K('19B /K





M\]K=7:N3+'W]855 0ADF+



F/(AXMW
M'$\[F];;7
R@0!,SX\@8$GH$=(3Q Z9\6!]Y.UZK2;^Z'=Q!SD2X.2F!S^


U761%7U4G^*J



MK 2GH9:$*W2-08R1&;_=UG9SMS[4)IN#@-RL-+3T#'E*PDSGC4$,4)FG-;2
M7.)3;SI[[3U# $+XV#





8HW


M#JPYB$%2U];B

0!= :Q1O9Y;'5#
M6VS($!\WE-VY@-4N3%B^&8 P;$E8 ^@


M[]K]V7@2XZIDB Y.4':ZBC/P@7J.;WK]V1D;'9H!&Q[J'KF.KVSQ/TN\NQMT



MU$A




$^?+




3R%=U]FC#ZZ[%,:?Z*XN<0HHER\
M8NDRMTV\287N'

M%



MBJ6GNWNWW]


'9F<DN]%D-&<FFS7^B7


M6M1/OU5%]\P@E8A%4C@U1)SQ ?K\

M%&PE/*1#Z.EGJQ.S223[K%0GK(+&'4D1.B#)7QX0



)(/G+8P+&2M[T:V5@UH
EZ\:A'JZ^SQI'




M(Z&J(W%UJZXB4[D(2BM!%_.7T6^P'62K/9J/-G
-^XFQV @278 1%2&#XBFM
MK%W


P5
M65*1O

MF\MV:H6;90+/&X@ICH35C;B*1-W&3]X0@PI/+&P[_:8MZ&M7.X_V\+#N@QA
M/F[R#:D(7%%
MT@9V+K=.Y(O%U9).QIOV?OTJ]A4(L5+-H *TKB!D54VB /0;_]B=X_;;NZ

'






M/4^&7V/;NMJ


MQ%_MS&7MS&7MS&7MS&7MS&4EFUP_7]*!6SKYYLTNA_E\0CX9Y-]C!;&5+)1J





MK\M+ZFKG.MP8:Y?MATMT:K!=R_EV%3-VXTG[[==NK'2\=U5@8K+#JA
P;H



PU!&





GK7^GM*]L\_#
?-3(=O)?U&5_MZR.4 EQ



F;7:9\L]Q










% -)D



M;(8^O5BRUOG\-#@CC*

(@M&U@37%<.)J*L
*+%@!*



17GC1 D!I

 &P-)G%/9G6B+6EDJDWC?NS
MZJ1 BA7FAKI55(21?*0 0)K,XCK.8GD\:?[J=$7H8.:I51C5_+.:(E!D(P0
MT62&UIWL-R;]0I,]=&$3?=2I#D:1:I49N#FJBH#CQ@ 3*
96_IA[9*- =DZ










)6

TTN
MNUHWN$S&GKZA&P;PM$)RS-;-[:W9WXK:7
Q_U7:OQFX9L_%AP'8.%IWK51JX






)([8?$R-8'8
DCKIR



M7/L^$G-!(K'8D8=A\]5]?:DQ0X7A1%-C6
4];CH)U&:QVBQ6F\5JLUAM%HO3
M OO1%_6C*^H?47]'[+VXW_ND






MO-](VN!J60?82X=^V3$;^L4&@ZU

MJ=DF_=H9'-A2V&R(J[NDG\%&8 TV\H.9$6T\=Y

-9KRIK=^U&OJ7UI-OW7\





Y1WR
+3%ZQ=





M^:S'9X=Z-_'U*SS31U5!44;R@DKPP8F3M*J(LD]AVP7]:+A;A[FYZ51^Z@45
MA9]]\XI*X
&+E+PJB)).+K9+LB%AM\&I8[!*581;S1U9450@625X 6
FK^JA


TE


5107458(8.&H .
UE3=.QL]YEO;AL
MZ,7ZX1&NA7!LI5N11Q9):@!8P9 TUQ6=6R-#DYO/_?Z-ME1E16^FB@B-VI*
MD'$;(0(YK*JAW0&$%/3SV3KD'4Q5L6B2%
4#JZF$HCPHP6 TEQF=4^^!MK$


M7$TE6.%'PET4+7_H8N+]?KL^%@9/.

UE

<4
MBK6T^7(P#L*(J-.:&UMTW;^C1[?52FB1P5KXY!I4GTY^G OGZVFLHYL=R$]'






.BH/.]JA_3ATHDGV8-FEFY?S]D3L82IC)7J0!5:40RPXHC*


92/G+QU71YWEFZ:+?7D38_6






M!441 .L9LN%L(N'#P-UX:?74DKTBWNON&$ 8O@084(PM
(X 7
^0(9]3GW7?
MBN:QN9ZA-M)!:83D0DY:
90XL0


M@].+!YM1#+0[



=78YB5B^[Q0OCI?'G%6 )B

M.YH
31/Q


OQS/+\;/=;ARA#A)TST+#/&0184XPJ.) #8

-HQT&OHXX?A
01EB/
MYT98


PRUY&

_N/G7_[Q\U_^\<O/P<G%\/.7OWWYLJU_DS?
MTNC^(0_^




M7:NC95/OYU]__?6G\NT/P7__CR!8_QYI



_:_3WGY

MZ+B47M(E$5R+3B8-H7



^SZDG)5I^__+SIL/['YO&_B[Y
'A)K
MAZ/QO/T)Z2\WOW3KI0Y(V


$!]MS&O^4X78U1-^B!KBV6CK%&Z@EG]
M




DC 8#2P5?7
[8]
/[
MB

M:K4 NWD;E*^#XKT'D(4^( 6SG:( :!TMR!RLTI2
X*)L
IK_
QRE]!XHK]C&
M:+8+GIY^O4!S-# QC!4L8+QYGVP+A0$GYT2KG?-!'[?0! .UWB.8[F87I0


MR5 U'^6K]BJJ2-&F?]+(GD&TPXTGXT'D#M7+;#S:]E[I4L[F _[9GYJ&
!;J<H@%E'RVUK(V_^?PL3E[B03C*DCB<GF;9*DRIV.64;6 8

M\3R:'


M$*0W.R=\ S7MPS)@W2@. !MYI1!AC_C5[#B*1_$D*AJ09!'C0*E



Q=

'L_#RS#?!-!V=TJ@:-6K8A5%Z5P)V(+4QV)K$NAJ
03LGG4(

M13H?TNU*%8S+YSOH==L) C]6![+=DE8.?*O#]#1^+KPI2=\*UVJ!A_9J8V[C
M%08T:;IP8-F2S(?D;H4*CM6SR#$0J9^D \)F*2OGP#6Z#=-GDF
WNXIKLWL%

*?6
KE&S:FFY*E<!.RMZS!Y/N[
_:P3=0W
X1






$5[:.G!BR8Y4

3;E)SO75T_R70WW



*S=0G-XS-$[$SE



R+5X&G^M]865J6


MSO;F1.:0;/=G(IQ18F
\K00&MAF:48%-UR.

M9&\.;9:G3%MN6 R0BR?I*ISNS#2U

MVDY((&]VYSAWSG)L_

M;IMN 5RH;'7

MTPAOI%CKMZLG(E]=,K!0&8UPV\63D^6&5YL@C3ZGPC
)'*+E7-H *E4*9.
![=EWM#(9P+%:XS33(+XZ28%+$'*[<D1Y=(4DF6B&TVR;)4,?%/)M/

P_1+W/TG%
-\ GO
MEH3+[4K'Q0]!]BX!B\+4






HH:6



9%



MINL#L$K@HIV
E1
$.*TW&P NHC@AUPN=QGE8H+X=VJ#7&[

MC
$[+HNOU  



M)-[



MQFU:014L

M*^



?/WJQ/5G&'CG3@;=U7:;[%Z:)0-:+N:M#&,6MJIV^
MR :_CCLC](]&Z8.T@)@15C('






1W%&



!IQ/%T
+O/D&5.UM+
MEF$:9

3794S@NZ%=!-S/83I.


M5Z5
(+ME@5%L;W4IHWLC8HOOS0.O$-[^JER




DDTQ&(HM0)WV




M.Z3: W:064M4X3.,:MKV$D_N8FHU8COC\0;[D6ZEL/506N$N
_(;&^WXU$

M%;#;Z$8[MG[EC78
L=!&NZBJXKGKBB!-U(69LM1N\G+9L^T7C4FC2=%G((WE


MMJ+ZFZ0!PKXG([=.
[2N$\R2M ASQ;LLJO;?[.4/83P*3M)DM72;@D@%7-TD


MC#JQMVC8
1FO.6BF]U8OB+4JX0K&NE3<NTTVZ-DJ5?O3X)2




4DTZ$_6[X



M1_K(VQ@PMB]\B#N-:&TYCN)1/-'8@20@@.VE+ $&O57 ;J


?*;XIY'<\(TO3-DFE[=;[ERI5-\V5

MFX63_&IV]#IY*' 2]HM^TU5


MI:0 GHNZ3X;-*7M%WR!-WXINP/5HOI(*)LN2C@;Y*
U50TI7.PV;;45R0AO+
MH#34?1Z']U%






E[-\  !UG

WS


FF@I+Z=GL6J_$6Z0 632
R.MLZ


MMXS3JWE^S7C+Z
-D


M;J



2Y\5O5HB^KY9;J/XG4K0Z'
 J


MY83)0S(O#
S6




MGTF)K)I5I2AK4]4.JIIV6J6O6C4:B:TEJB#
CR&/$K04F*V2 / ;[G#))!8Q


W53 D&W5K$<O-^S;%S[%9

B]QLJ;?UTBQVQ
MX9

M'Q7%.SLN




R@([JJLY
MI33#KM(A.5/ZZ+3'R9*C

MOL'N;T*9M&_^&CC[RZAC_?(VD&&RN7=@-*]W7X
7MDHF+SUS-*.T^C++)/
G(@G'XFN_/
MN[OB3(FONN+8XE$ZX8;:C+
OVX!U_+W=V$HK1[OJG^Q=GM[M#4^O+C\%^WN#

OM


MN
ZL3]8!P.@E5';3('99#+\1L@;'8WBJ^+[E%!YR;_=WA4Q9]!T#\Z.#J]


M[*7)




M+8233HRE'RNQ&*!#)
48K6J=0V[O\BPXO]J[]&APP_F@E%1R]/+ *NT7?733
M4Y.4.SGS7F%





SY=0!D



;#Q9YZ@9



JX*!=


MF1

W?G

O=Z(HXA[71&K_DX?
MR?\3*=RO3;E FU8:P#)G_X(;=

#^@.;(/XL)LD:WT]2E:E_2)71:T/

W'*=24(3;L2U
M GOZ3\5=P-KUQ%Y=(



^:H,
M+NHV6'V0:?4^#OKV*PC4I2VOPZ;8T3L0-YE)\LHK

;*'37GO
M/$P2
I2L=&+U?;^LI1]F8?%SD7UBA^%S.$_*F;ZCUV489_1-)1(U-HT3J8'A
09N05GGXV@16=SAMHZ41VF9ZBP8

6O?)V
Q9Y

]J+]

L:@]







I

M\A!.5_-BJ+QS\\%IW




M0AC-?^M:P;I:4-;SUV\E )6H_^A*J=W]P9_@/B]]'%+V?&GB




M  5PG(@$I8L9_
&?++\IXY#%;FIX'&WP&%9X)#SGQ1;_:M_*_MO^:$[&Y(.'
M


57ZO$/BN.
!KDMMNN-KE^R*Z/

MSO']]GH$@0Z



M(#K$D1
LY]:U$'\=7!&9P#A(5IK2;2I^ EEV?(0:-980O8HPK8VQNO@E$E

G5*
=
MR4V1_*K4?<\
JKA;V7DVVABAR)3J^S&0U@8S3D;%UGZZH^Z.'L61)4+OC


MN;[

^M2-5N^.E
M8K7Q9CFDK!7QS$+$.



CB=.+8




M/ME*M!H#:K6JG

MEJ\X7?&G#\2S8D!5FK'H2E.[LL]/8./.6P@B6WWJ @O:7NV;D9A!EI@H1IX/


N2](W\
(*4R*_238X$5T','\.US7I




M3


_D+% JNWR70H'RN-%





M&3U

JB;)'6U82\O2
:DO0



9]R-@GM&MTI%*L#QII+;VS*CI/T-,\&JW$6
M3:-1RCL7(5MM8[5P-=T()FL?6G]*0K%0;TI4'G!4IW2[+)@E:1#E6;!;WS=G
ME(94HO:[ PZ&GK'=! 3%NE:&.QVH&1!F!? 2QO RW;J^-5W&J5Q%-]G51]Q
M?Y1%$Y*I+IJO\G JVFU2D=+M





9B7:)K*6








6-ZE*

MQR7__KN)D)!/&8N/'87TZ



MW\++4$DUUWJP[%J!=##[R^\F7C)\S%C$I.D$DB=P$@E_9)^T'S:%G=)LX'3@
ME5[$SJ_/?7)*)GJ]/GNXO3@DCPP&3X8V ]&3ILTG5V7\&E[&3[J]U@
HQ0PD
M7_W]))B.9JQ$$I5L10KS
0:3JF_2 J[IEFHZ@+U_0BC#X
X_[P_+E\0YY-





_CTAZ
M_7WR]/C\\*V%5(

M!WE
8C


MFN(MY?UVXA46HHB 6R '#F-^X296#.YO!ED1]BXOR!B._/?ZA!DS6/(Q8@=5





;=7I1EV%

ME8C7O6/9B%N2GH4=NNRXEIOH]7Q7/KP83X;%B^.+



D )?%N^EA^^0(GD ESJ8*

M






#'N)!UFZPMLST\NA^WKQ_4%R1$O39 EN#+:8)MP


!Q1N5$
MC\J



TMUF

+D7E / \4?XL@7'Z$J+
R0

\$

KLBH5:T[QZ\ZU/

?$&/!3(52:




!2D6NI(BW-3EA#
3;KBL-8AWHQ

@=SY$GS


8XG


@FSQ4F3
#.'GK9[7% PJ!!R1
U]/!KMMI
+$I5P*].H2K5\+



*7!#!;97.(D4I W'M]G!
M







=^16NE+^&K
M99N-:+6K4LU%W.ZZ
(%YS%C45&!IGX4C%[$2:01\!#VPF'025W%D\NWVI9_W


M_NI9'%%U$2MQ1
!'T..(22=1WR ^6D;Y:!Z]E\T$+)^GX]?W_''Z7@ZH)N_M



8U*



HS*R305@H2.YA%










MD&'







\+-C)\R=5









M='

V7TA:G




:@41R7=E4W+GM#FKA2Y+P:)(L=?U
PQ&+_(3QJ$*!VH T2(27^?DP

8.R5\N%I.W;X/']W/R1)K

+)MGO:;8F9_)_UV_I<R9/?Z (<?[KBK  .]!N
MFPQ(


&U#CE6DTEK@AF5;EN!S[*X+D+=KCOK@U=7YOB+*U




6X3

MT#XW7
XV#)_2&?JXV'=[D3TZGM4)GBF=SO/H-]V[@+\!NI?'OR;KFW$ .^1/
M_KPLX]3UL%^\.B$G@]Z.L3/$:E^I!(JXCGM




MZ%L&X9KDC0UQ.]1]





4#'NQKX0'4[]XL


MB;M!H78QSFN;(Q9GF&6 RB%M?

M]Y:(OCSO=[??O[@=?'^XN1MK$3PD3(G8.\+L0AMJBR
BIYAC@
#;6O@ =INS

M:)DFSRZ6&2UR1
YTBPSP
T41'])N


MU2);4)H2XW:EV84NV!I'W$NSQP !=]0(X/@CG2$0:I!Q12A !\[/CZH!6H3
MIR*:EUFQH6UK4
M+\G+^T&Y!GFQ^'J7ET7T5O/8(M6.M-!%6M[@SVR7JP
M

W+4/L^#CW58*NTDY
M5+B__/[X=?FJ=Y %D*66PJXERW+F+WI+7*6PZUAC(H5=4XD =C_2V4
(FCHY
M[-HB 79V?-A0 \I&DM@)85D[B1TBF&UN71[.3\;7L\OGM_*$C?[N9;H\]0W
M+7D.=GW26^1R&W/'(E
_&7X:TV<7-DJLZ*4&5:'RBR6N9N7@2PRLS$$V9
M -8_TIE'H3UID;HH@%2=WRD$ 'RAB9')#/
#N#GI+!+\^!_GX_668E6^)
MW?M/YUH$SY&I1/03+MHY[3
!.@MT3PSY/;P?G+Y/W;HGBHEZ&/+DJ)SENB[$*:W@Y'Y-TQ


R(OKF_-!

R
M[6*;TS)'M U;98\ 646/](AS%Y$-8@

A U$


4;N+$\NTK
M^6.=[X:\.IO-ON=?
0

M80;4! Q2O(HW/YC(?#(.1!R!#+D06Y$?GOI'C[[7@6GY/B9;/RSHR821T8

M#DJFW





12

M1=-HE!:6 

MOH\9T=@:
((:H
&IS[%;[4=H VTT']WHJLVZGMN]U29]_&08HL[:QV['(6



M=C;NW5X^H48JFER


MY8^#N8EAR^G+\_OTZ_AIEF/O* 1$8T2OMFBGO@6TTX^XU37.?-!JZ31\
/++

%YB






E:+_0A@@(7F@QA-L6%_^\ 9
YBN@Q?
Z&J @.97
MT@Q=5[
5L;H+;0_XP^/8P6.3GY GJDA<@&B.DM44[=3&@G7X$
MLJYQYF-82Z=AC_K .3,@#\&+7!T-0-#R*V6&AD=9B%=B+H4<JGSQ*4?IG0[O
M]Y?[L_N[IYL+S!!%DXN2UFE7KMOL,Y06^A&96I992.6TH]P_WS@C!E4ET#
-8;@+6ZUUO6/R3_'?Q

0



15@Q#FZ J=^QVRS'W$.
M%\G*-J-NQU'SB!!MM_


%P&
3U
XH2()[YE5U#S\%LK*&)




P:#C;C3($4:#[S&
M;I@A\Y1E/JJ[R0

/RSQS00C4:L:I
M?%E\0G41_8#$T$$/2P;7G&Q[E





\_
E1FRBR=
)1PUY3OR%UB*W0:=E

@S*9_/)

MGAY9#.8MM^@X!B.





&NG =NH_/@0S7-:.#I:L1R%U^VF*





;$

PXPV*%
HZ1V&O:0&N








7UHYSZFJMSK(9[M002^7[@P573S?]4KZ


MYU35%_G+9[M022^7[@PE73S?]4KZQZG9;\Z35\WI

=%?0MZWE!]51'


+?+&R
M;ZUW**O;H'B6=@1PCDT&!GA(;Y?4K)&V1-K3$.$*@-#OHN6QR9X*CL$P:&
MJ!I%#R?MYHG_F\RC'_$_S=L)^N)%E26%,CZ@@235;='P?SL$((/3(8?2#QO
M3]2LL[8HSVGD0-41;-BWV#+X0H@9U8S!  P]9^C1HI?N(1%=/GO1IA__,5[=
M\#,T&#1].0%JJIO!-3,[0BCDL$#%
S; 35KQ'4F-@T
DXPP&6OS/-AY:_#_Z

MZ3PXX_OGH3RD8$MR!!=T??5]/C4]49480J9P
2

5ZB 8A6-QQ_-8Z._'PT(


M





MAZFLZF3BP.IV)G+.-@#Z8.


.@%NN


+@$&980FCYWLT
M;GN$LO*

36OV_C]81E-HFVSQP82
M3)@
DYRPG5FP.08 %6!HPF#)1N2V32A+X-B
P 28O+[Z8CA-WTB#IJ1Q.&%C
MYQP#X*SBM^G#L57ZY7QXBW[]+3;VE(A!QI KAIVS2LP\ #BY1RG
*4=P;N.%














MF=UG==WNH= Q7&O-T3CZQ\-;.$Q\\7DUB[$N0K?WF 7+!O&;V7J:O-Z\Q*]W
M\7]\('.ITRD&JAL:S#7;$/B%C$\:7E!8=E?5=;
'MT6XL 4'T3^M7MU2XLJ
MXE66AF;RF2KO4O[J?N\2UZGC^8BO@UA'=H



@;7LR4H
M!



MF$RAG+=?[ Y!D @8&C_


M+*!-')@








MNM#^DWZXS)M

2
MF9@X(&B&_28T'K?K9+7R97

J%XIT?=F ZJI[HFB&=HQPC$R&


:8+^%C@V$
AZ?6<'?L7<=?
='@I9OZ7_04D]V:9VQ3XS&IDJ_ST(
M*:M#:76@)VMKC]*P@5=L)]!.




ES(#PY*:!U_/A;- #5K[G4E-G$9/Z2
M@

M/
[<_K<9I).++I\-GN]U2#^





U76=*;!1!9


R1  Q




M?&MX0UU8IQ7KXV/Z.76?^\LF&@!21))\2!IY05H7N:$R Q*E [?8Q&ROY[]
MX&!6LU#A45E_(UH=%\C2H(0-^$@@[@-UJ0?71J]M_&V/__U?8.)!VYQ(AD0

2G%//KO '[P!(NAO]6MMF]D^5+).'RD472./G
N
MGZ?S


MFSAG:DX1;'2B* &#$CQ3SR9OMP58H(*$0

M

ON.[3D,0;]DP4,8_I)6.&]S!4









MVMUDIDQX0E2)2

01E 2S@0#!


%S0(@IE@=@Q@
(\L;JJYAP\[FO:QV$ZM_=;L-Q;M
MP27^N
?$'4R6OFW:HZSAID[@_
P1 PQ



.'B6_+)?O'.A VG-I$=L+:539PS


ML1RTAZN8HNFSH4
RPRD3:)S:1-# VF;GBKMF:@X:;'2BH &#$CQ3ST9_MP58
M0(.$0$ 33*L_V3*RH*GB&3[0Z)E&'33SS4?G-7FBM%CU5Y

M'D%F9PZ4_+A$49()1_!#/7OXL21GP4=.' %'






V0WC-[.7T26:?JU

9 T@
M;.47?([FC &')LJ7?$1_A_RUGCWMCIQGX0JD#S/EK\%TL]
\(LN3TB;A8XF2



M?^K9)5]D!A;DH$$0Z@33
\]@'EGP5'


''



H!U'=THL5^')9

MSUO\=QA^D2\E[U_UW?(&IB@U7TLF% U0A'.N%[^7+-$=T+5( 41(%YHK7H
M2
4Z8GCQ\0X+;33-HPF?CZ09

M@=8Y(#+Y+E;Y2R4\2Z$7S7C-NKZ





RG17UOR8Q'9FS83R


H4M!#:(?VS7.Q


M6+
818XE%9WPQ,MJV@R97MJQA\TN_-H$ET^STD;)TF#E%_CDB!L9PS,V2
M'?PI*@!1/

F

[-JUUSM2FUR8QRD



M:
ZKEO8_KI/M\S:]I?72WZ5_GIL







@IVB0
M^MBL+
L_



ETPE!V1V'JAAT!^:5Z[

QOVR&]

M;0
6!
C[0!



;D
DH6LP_/I



JWM!$1F

\]GW4LW@(!L[(]+%O=D1BCWT? GFE^5]KU[6+

ML
QO;8C


@LR

_KG_%R


HB

ZQW@RZV[\1?-\'+_2Z[M#U+_(0Z(&



(='9*\ RIN$[SI P26:(-DO#NO#8;J[

^G'X[M@+.T)[

M

M!8N:#A$PYORU\?/BW7X_-[9T5' Z[I#P9 T\ &^

MCM$P^(:75X:\37/M'-,OU[0T8!K^H,!T#2P 3XS2RB HY)0CZ87_K7K@W8
MD=54'$#2 Q: FFN4 






T3M.HW=24YE!**.

3ZU
  _K9HG8=RP693NY:0.017H30OTQWAEP/0Q5K\+0RJ'A#
M$QGMPWC2&ROL^3-QXW.D30'Q)900
/('.RQ$)^2%(\R$3R2_;:M2UC:4PE
YC=7Q]VC T(;A4_0L_J&I@ -?L+ & C$L* E X/RO4KE'9
MF=]4&,#B!!:%2F^D$,A4

 !_6Q1N_;D
M@DRGH@&31P 10HLRW1EBF*AD#198Z'A#M4-ME+P:]:+K:#YJ3NFL0 0)G6D9
M08M6''A.IAUIN2&)=:

M

MQ2AB!*GJ%!:4J%E%M87@?GQ_2^^ )1

5*ZZ)Y


;Z78P2#8F
M[*8S9+C_Y1#UYP@D:F 
Q]PLV0$/2XH:0#0_$]2N@=N5VE12@-H((T)HWR9:
M08P.Y;W P@4%



M)?ZT-WZ*+I\+GL




+SP?S2OW:-THZLII9[2!HI^B$T1M-<
M(%;Z2]N !0#R/M#$P+Y[&L=OS]-1
J^W_I!. 532'P)Y28/L1^=EB0!H4%($
MR



F_12CFOZ%W1 TR#=\9E9%G=P5%(E
M/A_

OU





;N&9GB0-D7%) @


+K



M!N?\+
W\^;!J]=&+W^9B.$S1GPXY10



M^]C
6^W]9;UD0 &D1MBS[KN:Q6Y=P&Q
=ZI['(_8)G7?POBE=NTZE\&\)6]-




M/XO4KL^X




@
_
$@C@J*1XD _FF?^UZRQVI#65!I T
M!H


M^HR+

%
M'$KNT*1&^K3E
EV



1Z$T !-







MTI.?B: !
(H$T4G-X!*Y)R35;

4LF[5KJM%

3.P

88F*I(_IZ_/@]-A

MAM#ZS6 0

8;J
MM49O=WUN-IN-XV[






MVG5QNW*;@M0&\-$'W;1#.( :*\&UC0H&$'U0

M3;N

M\3EYW6CW
M$Q*F?^

3Z?4KJF[.//)31EX

ZZ55_'3:F=*0X90FG+H&R




M6I




RA0$^3&)42 3






KPX

3P/(P^5N<-G0N0FC\/'M0,LAZ:C67]SXQ'JNY_#^.9V[5K1@83
MEUKG'T6Q^AY [)OIHO5]1*ISE+/17-=LXZOHT/Z-'K5W2?/'?HSAN/1<$W_

#6]4<#HFM@/<
+0&!
MCDR*$7! 3U_4KNNX(-6II
#D
5B$T'M
]X88+RJ9@P492N[0I
;L/7J];5XV


3


HI)B1#^:9_[5K<W:D-942D#2&



%%5\P4(*'6-H
MHN)C
.F
WJ_CWOWK7&@Z)3!%?T#D% U
@
W*$@O F*2(D WEE_-_JUVO
YK



SWT@;

M3S[9)#\6\=_ =[U@T
Q!@J+)9P6&F0G@@3:JBFP@!/N5_ZG$CS\U?OSW=O:C


(@..9J#A'S)?^/6VZYYN1?4+#A%/1A!BRHZ@CGG&QH@0V)'Q5@
M)&X;A/*PFYS@_I! =&%"#[DUO# !ZJ&(+(!F-'Z( AN3SJ=GN-Y
]CJ_62






MN*BJ%PKG9L

M\(D.1^)W_?[S;-
Z7Z8W_'!H;R4?8F245 T S\*&#;FQ\ /A

M7__2GQ5$ZKUMR[1_N@L4^5+Y3JSL9@FO4\Z[_4;TM&E\W+HK_(AG3QV?4OZ@
MHYK9T QLRGAF)/Q%_'L ]HRN48
SF+3^!?Q1#BG?MOW
ODDN4+Q+9#FQ=!NE



 
&V?YG!&P)LJ&8.(B;LW:%#C.'DMD[N3GWU/L0?IBT1AWWZ



M6_'?(+6L%6EZ=2]CFKK-FP4S

R

J<&T?&I[3DLUT;&9V%1W8#3\Y3T;A/U<J1JU%*.)[%_@\Y+( 6NV

MC

-8/
&I^R;J O\;&T@PX0
M+L_S_=-TMEM^-$84$$ Z/@!XT%'-=6@&-@4_
Q+^0O\] 'M&UZC/&$Q:_\+^








L=
M!(S$A#A7)!AT@FLC;'PGC;O*QN.$7GC.

M65T[AR$S# !G^9$)

M&!#.:X%Z73*QB95:
+-U:O0\?GM


4N/9\*
M#^JI9KIK1C;5'1D1?VV' E7.\% .9:8FKW]=AV7AJBYX.K-K@O4] K)3JSH



&:G\MIVB#
DOL1BF4O935\/(I[_2
M;__1;I1N39-


H=Y@L#Q??)V
$BG-MEVCE
P6
M*
\E4YM8HB5SFZ%


5*/EL ZQ( 9ZXO\SSI]J/7W+I(5^I
MX#]M\]U0Q7_]&




MD^EJ-9PRLQ)19P)D5MW:@LAL@T%A?GPJ_

MRB'J3(3+JEN[#9EM
&3+CT^%:IFP@OX*I=.'URRL-
L%43_73MU;.A0K9RY^



K
M!&O9KO-


MUGL7EA(FXU\$BL33/PG7TI2*JT&KN%)H16A MC0CY[S=;!UGK\O=X'1D9B4D








M[










;XXL$83M]B(8Q-QQSKF'PS1LF$IW
M'J'H?
8+I6E-Q#[

8<%4S\KW
QR






M)^_1^Y']
1RDS7:I]EW;W&#03

MN?$I75$]A&7T4\TW'$'
P7P-E0F@F\74?\S:1UU53&31*72_IV
MQ\I-O=
M-M?Q!_O;
OZ9_@UN2+EBL&U L4P]YAKYN%@QFETH8D0'#&
WGKOBF)RSK




 SH@(#
/;

M#N*^!V7T4

MTF[

M: 93PE=IAPE S

MH

35GT+Q .'!TCU2$C-@ V

.J3+AV9S


(

SH=!CT/2A? RA^8'TM( 0Z@A=CR&0KNI_#XYO@Y2

OJ
MVWL-F7% 5




_0]G


'*9VGW+TC83N6MI



KEP8]9T_#!REQ:QREI+@E;:G#%DU^+@L[OUT0\GW].OTZI


M_0/))LZ3SBB=ZWR:_HW)!W\;@3




M')9A9AL40%;@#N@TRF1;72'I- FH7)++O)X[?[\;PWGB2?7 9/[#A#(_!U


@Z)S


)
M)



&Z&0

MRX)UWZFDP$;
3



60E6A:-A
N^==\+I;3QF E:
M'!=A:8 ;I' :58NJGDZ5X*N]51E(._I]_?/X=&O\?OJY^#S\\?/XV_PU_I7A

4JHS:.7YR:/
YD'&F E3D&5U% #($_66@
M5.K'T^W'GP(_$H4''_WS;_PK7/+QP]\/92DEIRL0N+&$4#\]3ME$58DEYR(7
MG&ID(RL:;8;=4W
S.U[V?7P/+S9E'A(]*!M;)IE*!3*C$V#0=]#\EHGE60
M?%[@Y



M4:_SS:4U:6ZBV3R&



J&(

^P<





3FQI+1:3Z)B_UXTEQ0X@+[+%(\!4^7L
R!S\P2




MX!7'WPA P]+BBU -*H=:M=%[DIR*DE ;00@(321$TTAQHWRKF#!A:HM=D1


-0DKUUG-IC!U
+^*(H4]A#:L7TS7JRPETAYEL*N
MD_.JA7V2]I'




5F
(H81ZHYA04FZE;1)
H\?MM.87E(]S-
.PE/_6-$


3

M?!XGEVOWYTK#E')H6 J





M?DD?T2?3FFX&=(8X1/T! HD:.

Q-TMTP


\P*N4*OJ.+M&RA
MNBCVMK[OXH^BR^?]9;ECN!F%*1*6Q&85+98!(K




@:L+7KLD:



MB%2;U*YYNBCQR:M5
7T$'B$T4C


MQ#$V*:!@(:EFJ5U+=F'V4Z&!TP$D);-H=;Q




#45VC$SL2%0U*-



MO=E53




QP&F2-@=
M


X&
M/+L%JOE $P*MIV0W]










MVD*3$N?IK)T^/;GT-_W3\RL=$9BB/Q]RB@8^P&9E209@3%)8R(:B)G_MVK#1




G;^%T&?-9B
Q_OCXB(5$1D9B8%*T_-G\8S[_


 _C;%71*/XD'Z9_7^V



U./

;;D'R!^-9





]RM$=MO%;Z6U$/+1


M\]L)

YK02)#I(









9ADZ

M^/A9W9L%7?P94U:9:+?%O5:' 0J6OJ;%@#*K:^N84+AGFTG:=3:ZQGJC%MH:

MJQ/-;:N

VTL_8'*^8W-GSO$V^5)L]H



M;U)U='6F+I1Y_WJ+O'[?.-&5*9 AC:@KO4TH+;Z[__)&D^2FD1SP^E6*W&C
MZ;^_?Z/I]8K'U ;30S6/8VE-ZIZWJBA5$L.LO0B?I E_A^/'5][@RE?+6T-



M;;:]4'^9T'A[VPJ
XNC2Y

MM]%ZA)^E+3$%&-EC2 DQ,\9I^YBB-%2;5\]N!0.O#[YP*F(14R0&
 QR[Q


UFO
MT5&01'!Q]KD5K#%N)&4T@7.RJJFFFQO$HF%B2LH%

_-+3'Y09)\JI



MUUTZ+A+++4Y-W(UQHVXA;03D8SU7QS#5@T0$S9ODOE\U0


M:HX1P18-(E/V



(5WJ3V[^_**4)7IR*3:^&2
'&#<&V87'9QKA'(UA@X\I*:P#9[53331:T<.2\
M;3Z G$@(AP1A(1Q3$H#4QPE%/.PY%#RCFEA@X!Z?SU$?B?_B+LSX/1\B.8

M%
;%7








55!NU'=PH2A12@:]21%9@Z4$@
M+9



M\$OQ_1+7?

2BQ_D9RT5!K7@HIT4K0B- -5

M^:$8!$- =\2^2@(RL:4'PIWRZ:


M.
1'M_6 +&T5^OU&VFE.[FX-/IJ]8P^:BKU:Y@_OUF^X ESENL2K\5*JG1


ME


M^RQ4 ;]_LQV^.0Y=K
H7994^OJW\Q8+ $75_L,10%#QEQ0)6;ZK!TVG65M



K2
M\U1H43H*3$VRF.,_6ERP@T#D_T K.)^_*D@I\E26R DN/ FF9]#&#24U
MG)!!*G#VT)MMR)7[
B5G+JE?SMN(=]75/

\_38:71-(EI*%_6R]!9*@<7GHX


M2Z;SRZ=QXX!4
46[!\1X!:+BS78'W_/T@OL(9-(E1*%_IS!!9*C:4?!4:%!L
5[@@L</RP1K.,HU?PR:CUX6*J:LE.'Q8@%(N3-=B3?]_G!P[+Y$N(


(E?*%_$W3QH%!'%H]'!0U3E!46



M7H5J LY2=); LS


M+%5: SF+=5$7W*9L(2LA*!72LPQ9S


19_7XKSGE@@&HD()%J&+^5;BO4G^\ZB#?AP-6-?.:$;&&


M2JD\'U()C4L@S0KU_/=B*'U+E=9 W6)=_FLFB H%5*V#%E,UPHW%9L1PSJH
M^JD@5DW3YD2Q(11MA_@.NO(/5KQUVZ#UY02=!Z@$GH6 IH5V'GOQ%!JEJBL
M@9A%FJ@+:%/RQBH/186D+


M2.FH_##2TBFJ\HN-Y

Y7
MJ=!Q5)[TX@PEE*XQH/)*:P([2?13S4TB6(I 


 IL7JJ*4J 2A%IIP.3!H05






MBP@JIA%B2+;)_KM!C%
P@I03S^
A1


A*:0+;'1333:WD01


M)56

FD# H$4:5^0^I3846['U5+7.G@+&_U^0=
M\7-GZ3:MX/$SJXK++\Y8$OD:0RN_Q;PE51#U70E!B:)JK=-H' G0*C(2@8C


M?)I;MWZ

M=)




M]%)-'9=P))'QMHD+A.Y.11W7PB7485*Z@E?#0SEU/! ?I-118H#HH(YUL)F


GI[1&T(Y8/^74(X EB:2WS5R0


M]JZ$DQ

0H)Y@'0X:48LJ-&1TD
^!E@VOKEC7N[_NC'AW-R&47)QJ!;(V!(R^I


J.'AW4


VQEEMN4^A

M]DQ\D1.9A@#3P6

6[X2!R)GW211%2T00+
MS3.B=:Z5E973!&X2*:=\E?DM)DG<O&U2!GD<DTRSR)(.
BDE R%XD;]$O
'
M X=VA7G)D:



MPC8F)89X-3R4D\L#\4'*)24&B [J:#A[*_ZJ\2'(7H=?'A$N?\@57YQ
Q.(U

I*2D
M(YITL--VW1^T\
-N6-T


M



,2D)0X%H4<XQCX4+*;^4'R^/6_I/^*^+CX_M
M__<K#.=16(5.&,A_QF!K:;TF$RUZWSF_.+\NZROZ6#,GN<@^^-$+P'MV_GP

MOA9\_T5=/']^)_P2V_)KQ
7^O9T'T(/R%W\=MG

K\XOXOL&


R!
M6QN$XQN/8-T9\;@KXGL
!
D*'V7\688/XW!9XE _SY.[U+D21.PJ--(^_3_@


MKI

M


L

M


MRH]I



MM
D\B]XG+I=2*01Q=K^
M^T#?AEOSI%CHZ=&7O U4XC+V^E<P_USXR69[YV@%'Q*#E_0[;O\VYKK^\O]



I+<Y[Q?[RO+F3=(W^.LPW/-.K*B,\A7EG1=7#HKY75LV#9&7);_!5PV_


MX4?G]


OR'.H67+DCS1@@
HO5E^DC/0:PACJ0-8QL
M[NK+ZM*;Q'TS'4B@97D.= NNW($L!HA)!;1D@
DF


M994LSX5NL%4[D

L
M& *FMZL.4)K%*H;ZSSANAH-FNX=U)3_(TS+3@X1ZEN=#67CE;:%QS)HAL%B3

WU)K&AYSB3 5^Y-S3T;)L-$\/^8





N'!J60ZCU&U2GH!4N]*G)N2A9Y_9Y\!='_MUV
M6X;8/U=!A=X@QR7VC1-KINV!=
4?!V




V6H.6D=#:,NR
M)C2-FI2+6_.DI:4LE\96&G^OO_=F013K,6UN/.$L!XK]7]_'#LR_$Y!N/


1.ES)?
]1+[-NL1'0
M6\W%2G+/9N5;)N#7UBUTEQWO/NWZHVWI-I*J06(ML?37[!8D-]9@.BXN[1[N
MH/\_HCQHYL&BV=V5NZIMIW'G2+E9\5P$EM=RGS-0C9#$:RV9=


M#WO4R4E&[/$1O.EQGRV_ ?F 0B2&O8?S8JPF8KF1G?

!7^4BTZ#5D
K
Y@%
M3LV=N/R6[VEHQ605H&F_W


T9X
D
M

M5;=@PG0

\WCA\/].I[
9 S]7^


_'OK3T/63








*\\0PAS+.ZUI


*]^G+\Q[2RI3+*-LQTE_ZUN9G*G/6


M_..T9



MHTP#L$3CR*JE3U9@:*[@4K
5;'9#/L;;*]DJ$A4(K.2_(J5N)SDZ#&HM@P




O.Z#$
M&A#82B#X!5.=3TON0DQUTU;WP6&=??F1Y?:PFFLVC\G1D\#PO.SVI!8#.)
M\!?LYJ25HL


0:4#37LX)?:JWO
MCG@%VX'\(MZM\(

M# 1! P-S88U(]Q
J/[8F!=R[< :3W@#J7_T2A_($RE 
9B7D?O2@%[2J4)B&@
9)4T_

M _A9SGPIAWT+NA-SB3Q@





M9COWP]Q)S'ZUONQVX



MZ6/2?(T([9L#5
C



#+8I+E/:JRV)%_S^%0Y&^NAMU[P(1)OQ\\ T&13H2*$!LW*



';]6A&N/;X=05(+'8K

MAM# '/'3M$%6$E
*UH1SO7[;Z\\%9U59J8)@S
FY:Q][7HVP*BRJQD-K\5Z3
M?K


M2
8E-@K2A#Q85C?@6F 'QFKO/6\4TV\S+:0*I6$%,6,Z@;I#/O %H
A;)1
MK&('ZH-%K

9AU[+


JJU&L16R.^B
I5=

M!:4]KX47


D%SK]_!;:7M,43! \;X
MG=H16'M?LKBEQ]]^HNY[WS.PU^^V_F

(
M=%C?/G IDH%

M0[Q KIU=Y 4OO%%L_PY Z23D\D2Z$\CPTBUC3%/_#_!MQMU3V_\ST[$U&2



U3H:&^YUF6.]3'NY(K)9Z]^B4=O_Q$_+2!8'^K_)K0@69_T
ME



M!V#XQIX!!'Q$GD 4TDF)0L4?3 9^NVWWI[V=*?:_44FA[2^1J.V.4]







M?
:J




**(A9(UZ(4U4F!T 11

5ZZV@^A\F41ZDZ3$6BI:@/U'F[\W^



MU4^-D^3#$GH) ET\L7;2)W]R&*\4)2AXZGW8W(UKM5:E[_)QL).:F2


%1O^WPEG_:-![B!43K%+9#%5N(6]815
ILDI

M2Z.5N

MSH1ZGX'\=#HD;60DTV#I








MB-A+?F.7;#JMU_CIM_A1R5PS@4Z/FKPHE



E
MVS_CKWKSU#GL*F


X4][.F
MDEWDQ=2A




-7D$'ZVZ.-1
M(_8._7V$%TX=$RR?54F5W6^0:*T^QJ6$()Z!?'[YQ#I&F'S'!R9GR00_IL+I


MZ+ AXQA&V-VREM/PV.


MN
:LNP@;.\=I;4?XU02'R*JD;+;Y&HEZPAFD
Q3/6EO
%C)7E(GKV5+'W=@[

'FI$+2!22I79
UBDAH\9BF?M=+U_CXUY/6!&N =6?5F/NOAQA%H=
M+!.

K.9V&O);S=/&!/
+



MD  \#GGY/1;(^SN+CKX9[^.IJ-A962V;
JJ;+Z#1*IT=T%Z[!4.J9/84
@
MB9$1-H^2Y96C3B58'+H#(Y:7W129?5;*%*S1ZOS9A,P/P) +V@9J7YWWX$





M[EAV^0X6WN77:.



MG


 Z:]9F'3]]K 8_




%.SG/.YDF_WO$%AGP\!JG6[

M6
G4



M

M;^LWM4 C18VQ&R#*QMB!538



MI#VXGP-: 4M=CH0GWT6_RZ]NMY5Q!Z[CC(

&.V_8YV:CPB#Y3.
TYIO5!+G[+Y[6KZ




9Z

M+' &KA ,VT.U(W9@@6MD=:XUJLN6H,8+ANPID^@D;)Y@RL@XKF%O3^:JS'

MS!(01?F!GES]ME@.6L

MLG(

CL^6=%A-=SQ:B:IQ^(O [IG4KT4&5T(
M1VG^$T

77)4@1XQ!E3


MY-?P4 QP NV0_CB-D:QY22=F;I^#Q#JIA[2@:*
&\*-.M1.AZY$#

M-




8 SPA'&/]TJBL&OQ

M]1

'#HL7H)\SIY!=Q%M4X-OK?J_4-5
M?8;

MS7H#06+7:
TJP


R[Y+-J
9NLSDMI&
@N

M)J_








M(3&WCXL8\&H-FV*6C=

)0M#


M.N%B





MB(!H9A72^5\NF]^NL@K?_S@J(S]X;FMC-CUA/IVHW5U& [U-JUM5Z)M65PA$
MNY9G;'I*D@=%6!LO(S;0:U+\O^UMJ\-#X/K#F5:;9G4A-^H-!$VMS/\!J9C%


.-
M(N2&O91/8M+5@K4QH\\8?LL:#
0:$*Z=7J?.-V#Q)?UP=ZEW

M8QWM*E\
NH_M]F&O=T8AJPO]^



MCG':R8I@O;E7A.J06SF+0F+CQ0$J:]; HY] -!^(YL(USP+SW8JMRJS;.




M'@^:KL)^9:.WORQ1B-S (AP2(_/C?N*OB[$PD
[Z#.1K-K7;W83[WOIXY
U!
MO2DY!
K0F_@&@\:\+D.I#

CE

MI$#S0NK6*9R
.:/P/+QU/JR+'_5VD'.THN\JR\(.LVGD$W8.*7M)

MW/R[YH5]Y[-NN#_V:H-NF#0?]8YUYZI%O]Q/BD:T\N_GU)\D['L\VUHW3)OJ

M()IHQS5HWZ%^[K4#  



M:!*J;FUF;=






M\ZQ_R*TA
]8D$4*XH&0:]L_F)J-<.
-D-
XBLXUP QG]WMAW&+JBSRBQL
4B)+^8^9G<K!
LC


MGYG::S5E'W-B);LT'


R

5AK-ED-&-)[MJ
M
$HXD9-91^U&.OJS93R@:
J6H=KD


M3;$DL*_

NGY7.*'Z7D0*LK7GAUE?$CEAP75F)T/^8B63+B@1C2-\8+R-6U]
M@RBK+V



M




I5IO=.-O*2?_NV68H35MH
M23@$.#HG^;_*R(?TA^'1VVC4MY/S@0Z_U3L:\K793GL+(_T]]B8@3=UU_*\/
TUW__

?!7%@[#7N%S.QYR

Q_]7N&/


Q

/C6]F
OG=F$RBU


MU+B2;WC#?D)'*NS39JMB-(XGOE%]MW/2OUV_&4K/;OVD3GZLPEYMMM
M#+[A-5


L/K9
=+44T7_F8P6QKOBC]RT:[7
M.P@M:B69E(&%8A

MUHBD:XO8-3P2D/C:!@K:


M66)(&
M[O!(@1H=LXZ$S83T.Q VX.@*EJ-$4W&*;;
+PV
WOJCQ*QW2
=[4I]1-&B

S



MRDTZF!1FXT6W


M(U^/#RX.FR+P:&_
KCQ
MK8<^#AUA^'0
SRZ\78 YR.G?UJ-Z%\PN2#8QDEB/O@30N1D(OYJG/*7EA
MHWQ\[JG2_

MFY.8^\\3/W))'^-9\1Z96$6SHP]J5:R!(?4^PTNCKO\(]YKBEZIV#+/B)C[S

$JAELHIX3VA


M*([?9#:4?Y:(1D4^RG]-D0F\X2P!!0IEF'RB5\WO;Y4+$ZQQM1.^W5?9+'A
M13X:E=H*\^)#.KUYIUK7C')7Z=766]XXO?BV6C43W+W6
5G$3^LSY#0J-#?
M9;^H12KA-$-)#DJ@*;WY(ROJY=;\[&]$?*O^GH)&G=U*?E%C/FJ+W.)Z.6T)





M#VY#U]0#V$!#H][NI;_XX 6 \FBC*W8_A_6T0 BNL6=NF%N]TNEGZ3$V.070





M


Z*\V 6F*^=@0+4ZKEHLU^%5]L



M@TZ;4@*1(V-X]0









!]@2YC-NNZLUDZQ


X]+G

M%ZE(FGKIR1I$(ZJ$91S5ELDZB2P=
9I83



MC

@=HM#TQQ4%!A2IRP6W[-8H




]'DWB[0/FV2&;:68G;T-H#)VPD#8&R67$0;#D0S#=<E O&$4Q%.7^*7J

A0VE!5C&6-CK#((8![@N6TMZ;548M$LFD]'JPW8Y=K%LO'6=
T#4
M+MG/WA^X.%R/APLJX723=)%(+&_]%(4MIPU9Q&SVG(#*I<F3&%N;A:I1*3H9
MM4MF,SZ,ZY8X&:V#\5$D4X1&;L*&\@ IT[




X';*-

K*JR]:-HLNP_V7N[W]/2]@H
M;M%DK&$$!$'C%H@N: []+_1U?^(&%)/M=#99I.OQ4211B!Y:PE9PBR9B!05


M-^/
!LM]?]TE&WFD)FT==X@2=I%2WO7Q#IL.E=IAN8?^NE

M
?GVYG)\2J=W'G
MRUG&]2++




BF^K  W[O[B,
M4%3+?4KR9;'U9@7E]LE$$@[HH?6LO6A :S(-%@N],_P23,6U:#9'YH&(X '

MW#!%JIV
;#Y3DX8B

MGX5HTGHMB_3^+NT/*6%F
40ECD;].K0R2C:KU2

I.U_3WV'GK8RJMH60








MSEDXOG!I&XR2K\*'T+%9K:_P=


M)':63]
EA*!RPR@
PXLARL
RRHY%?T$MU*4RNPS2R$?_ L@CC*:ECZO_*(F&

Q.JGTU7]B=FIT(]YZ5\%:8?3M!Q1_1^=\CWD$N

Q2::\*RB[ PZ&



_9'W+T/19*QO4Y)OT]G
1



MB;N*XZ-S

X



:2T/3[V@[Y8JV4Q<F74B:RC?XO5'8:F#58GZ$$ ?4I%7^?/B2O3

M5*-\5/8#HRIN(*
_I
$=AIYX!C&M.BNQ

IA5**6 \-;I])PLC_ZV^GQ8G8]

M=T?DZZW.!V2 KU\O1\N;JPI'9M^F[EO'[7/@;1RN=


?$!X4
MOI!KE^Z16M5/HV
R+J*U2

;OHIX#X,XH^YE
 DO-M^P:
MP8?^O$DY'

MC


M_P



:ZRWU4+*T&3N /3;PK81/C88QIE
M$
7UG!JM(

MA5VQA6!ZZ9
+U3[;1FZ'7A9-O 0MX0%.P! F)(_/WN2(0ZV6ZG7@W*U6DY
MSO?YA



JON9/

_E*M8Q?I8:
1@$[)]GU=Y.D*O]EZW_\*5VS^3N&7;/T


M5]WV214L_/VT6*WQ1XF$LS#V2[IFX;\3[)IU8R


R$F:KU[D6[#LK)5
MD*M.V$@[-S$#:8'4;1T


F9@:-@)J-


M2IR2JWPI

U&4)ZNP0?G*QP\

MLANZ=A:]!?5*CI&OPGXE42=4WLQ+3/


DIOQ;'-U:GZP A8
'*!ZF77GJX_VF*%(L&'ISLL=N


M_?'R:_9PV^]2U &'!D.OW_^_VP_;%-B^L6B)9?G631M+A&9-F7\T!L4]BK

M+]4S1 ?L0#E@[\7V#SSY



[RP8OQJ:TMX
9+QA9TA7CR




M9#



MJ0


MS[/P/*=N.Z]_F6^Y&QE)M-R/0-I:;A2-S75XAKD:$*E5/[

-JF]'N?]


M%O





M7B;TE8Y;-9I%VPG[1*\\HGJ1\C^3)/N5MM7(X4N



N
MN[CY&




@!S6J[&YGOYS97$H_8!^?

_/RH2BR^YS*NNJ

[DJ\;0!$


:Z-
;G!=NPE0DK F7F(6T0G^9VA=A,B!#&-0I2

M03LR:YRZ\[^JK_XC_QG;L1JI@)UT+&_3MSH\5^$R]1$[.*9D2]1K'7J%

OOC<GSIA!\T(#LXPBV'<#67W:!Z;-C7S(
6B
MXLE8C8NZX8+P!X)BQO 1KN;&H

2T

24WT#G%X+
43T7!)*I^1L6LBM/519^IBYB<D;0@*?;$+@\HWO%9X5P#AB
M 37__A9DD;M;#$ZK7=H=9\

M-1E&W6@$&FF)J?\13;

MH(\C@&ZH?LR
2
M [=RRU48<XS*S*-D9S=^JB)F48SHEZ[.$ - HCUI!5SL;=

DLE/O9%'6




:T3D4 $(*5XX?3

DS;?5;L1
&T
Y-+II%

M\VI1W4_B5HO('5W?ZX1I?
Q/S#P^@-5K(NOKA&/TJ_NHWAV

M*IL   RY#  4    86QN+3(P
34Q
C
Q7W!R92YX;6SLO6N3ZCC6+OC]_(J:
M.E]F(J:ZJKKZ[5N\?4XDL('-+;FX288O'6;R\'88#NY_?J1!&0FMB1?)%;


??OKE




0OFB%GOP2_+V6SW*Q3U5]L)
M@_L1)/POO_U^NP_^Y^WP?T; =C9LG3&;?U+C)BS^Y$VLR
D' ;[2XL5_%&;F

M?

M3SA[

M$

/P9C
SMNYYT0
@#UW4_SCN6(J/-)^O*)__^VI

A(D6*J'R\-P0J_/]4*5=!F?^9\=RW[U+;/
M6#

MS


M*J%4)& 2+55





M/K]UAS8096V&MH47(&+8M


B2E6Y
@%3BI!
MLT?9/+H@W&*ZLI@S7_RY^QFYMQ:%.%Y$ D$S1%G\ F]G^^&Y[\RNBV=!YWD'
M&QOWK=




MIUMXH%?OAVLX9IEHIG2%/[M?M

R.#_(3G
MM;Q83NW=-KRA[8.LM6?^;5GW&IZ&!VFK+W06UJV6+;




MFS0FPLI$L(W$ 


M@7:C=S3I]

.]_'Z:7!YH
0W\]?P_AE ?#

;PTQSON\9=Q*ZP(0%R0(M:/.4EU)%







M?@CWN1*!9









3U[TZD
?M]=IQ7;M^ A-
M0JD'%L9+%9DQ&)D*MY5ESPZ)\2CLN?L670_GBFF%2/L5VN8R37H3;$:$ZY)J
MTH ;7]2O?3D.J

9VOD:O![1


M$Q_+LC].%-:J7QO/_;4J+S9[3_IZ7WE

F%;LO_B 5*^;[E2P5X?DL+RH8
M;6IE%JS-!,]E%8Z%I&EGD2:84QTDTJ 5OHRHLG1F6LK9WW






9A[;?=T%D/3V2;R0].XA7UA2+F30
MC(!G29[(+G:*QI=GH;&R^^^^N0+^V.NB
W



M&ZVOW9EK

MNZ+27$*T\




MLEUUS_F0\JIB
B2US(3W0Y[8(3[MPRWS^W5=;&Q*(^ET9%?8C]/2M)V10QY.
M-/XCA7_(7&9^%:\_6Y.









'MST\820=&JNP17BO.F4





.S@F:?X

UL
MTA?.]_P.*G*7:\#8)R[)25.I;$\S31NU@ZD=3.U@:@=3.YC:P=0.9E)P
K6C

ID.XNTMFDG43N)VDG4




4Q3J6SG
4T;M?.HG4?M



MR^.+%
X!S:Z%POFE'1NT-'A==.P@L.VGC$\G5RG;\TQNH78UM:NI74WM:FI7
M4[N:VM5



M6\NHG^*YO-YVNP[1U^?XM/3ZI#NM].9IKU1[I=HKU5ZI]DJU5ZJ]T@2O-)5G

Y!^FJ%6^EYBBD=I7U+ZB


M;P=;\ (@8E6RO45RR[2+J%U$[2)J%U&[B-I%UYB@BF27(F[11)=CIMAZ/Y


MC


*O;E'L06*Z;-R%+AS?0W




SM$ME*8H;HRN'/:@






MCPLC4.BG@Q2;8&!FG)OE\^
4DQ(

M_L
%2BI?3!NGD)
P+R!/5(B/+;_-?!?XWT'?]M$N]71+IBQ]G].64+J85DR4


M7]WZ-!
TX@*'?@2K=)<QQE;XG_W
MFZTS7%A

M?7]USPU;2_O'OH5L][^7UA4-;+B\F [%H@
B1WWI

M
 _!CY1VS')QS)*I+BZZ+=-I@)\OE&#-EX/MSY;VMY.YFKE+&[8E[3V9_M*8



@-+MD+O\7*4G/HZ4IE+9X:
T;=11(QTUTE$C'37242
=-=)1H[11



MW4_M?FKW






MH6

\0SM/M@V:O@\#S







MP
@!54R&L6F'\
C@MC/8K1%!W?._A\'H?1ZLK?7
3UI?F/6RFWE37U9
4Z:7




8?
3\[5#MK^:L]G:C=5NK'9CM1NKW5CM
MQFHW-O7



&\/)PDD6#!/[]76)20QO(!--JV$%@



&
^+@NF=(XDN+9


O+H97E+.US9_MLZ7!DKNW]5

A(3/Y0]=R#[8=KT
ZG
M;
TPBF_8<QQ+\7)H!U0[
MH-H!U0ZH=DU _J#.:!?7ZDPVTCPNOCZ)D4OUC5X(.YFS@O
B;@.UW8PM7W/
M *#VJVN/UJ?Z^F##0\[!V+R!W^#HZ:/(KALQU1-KO-G^&35*)Q/6=7Z*KOE'
M;W\O(KN[Z-@([H
!COJU=MU[]\?]XYM ?B?6*8#AY#K5YSA%WP)VAR\BRZ'

MPX=&K3L2R&5B70*8'*]+?1YC]

MX&A-ZO
WIEO^[/U[(=F[[R/&W2B:AI&121]56)X&^TJA^ P#'M\F=PGMPB


M0.\GSK





M8B:13Y7*O'X(S!


M%7CV+9.4ER;R





6SW<DP3-:+N?CZ0H<.\
C



M&USC&4@+KO4:KFS_2P1


MJ4GRJ(LA_92RN.C8TX+DG^/!E?V_=$N'T_H6-D80\ J-7=(^BEPRZE9//N

QQ
Z


M?;-FO5GHE+O(ZV
34#)ZUU&44K
GKI






$R
XH 5W9&D;14X(PBZ86#DRXJH=.SX+GJ:HN)O? !R\PF+%C9





M 4X=X-0!3AW@_


(KY35.HT01]\R9FR


XL8.4@

P'/;=[3*ZSX8 9#[L

02D$O.&I)LA\53R=5O5L/N?4;5:3=






MG\H.=]H;^HWEL1&$N6(ON.NS

MS

;
DH6TF!02LP8


US0[H+US#

M7
$5
DH6RF!02DP8G$X$T.6Y










D1J5F @RLH-G#8*G'DM62#CZ%6-P62R1+.9PL9;9H(0$5+S(XY05GI@
M=%'@#&LIY-DOKHR'?\9G_Q#U^%D@TO




C$XD2
M
'/QB82I K6(^BKP4HAL$EH^D@H.J!CMPV(Q.A)V@F7'R\4N')X*S


$2P4FQ?0C;GG#T\
(]0J:



MICNMCEQ49L]$J@3
7-0B8:I 
**^!-!
4D2]/IA?K'

MJ0+!B/H20#
)D7GT$WR_W4$&\CS!XWG?J(-#M?/@#?[*S;AL\)G)EQ*^[#Q

TBY_YA$1C^;XS
MK?K[7S

M&4%6D(=1W14Y'Q&+G

1@7']%SFO$(NEU6XG#%JX<.'J[Y@[MJP@+

T:-1N;*MMX=^W7QW3W8P74(Y;L+]/-B'6:N

MX.]6Y0TOG1-8CYN_%@L\Q


X*:@;\7&RLWFG+DY!D=!Y\Q* K


J;% @]OL0G;:ASJI[ '



Z#@1AT!7F(TV&!MPUADG5G'0\7

MSX.&6'P%Z8C78Y&W76$2]_KL/QC;:=\U#E6N0RPD;!YTC&$K2
6X_HJ\;0N3

MN7XTD; 0;!XDC&$KR
*X_HJ\-0V3J*=IWP _X?_NJCV*KN82@LV#AC%L!6D8
%ZS1G_3NP%^].!X@L/GU+^DKE969)WT:==$4G



4

M61+\+_!K^8;\_?9F8UT^-WVEIWSA7T=\AA/'.J13)



RQSQ3Y*V^C:O'GLH. +[I?LN=UZ2:^#%3$P-BG(3I\LR
M1_F3Y&VB DX%H35VF1\'^'@3=&$:GCQE%2-HF0E:K7

M=UDE3^?GBLZ+GQ%T16D9U6&91P&29)UO*U8%OBK@_TXP[9]Y


MZ_CU41?-!.M14I()J(072_&5*




*:6#GPOWXZ1Q1%&Y]FI[8657




I/
M):R.2C&=
EDV^#EJ]H8[^.4
AV;0C=
D[_3# 3



MS VWUN7&-A(P



M
P JL:^:):
?CZU*I[Z#WZ\)6/A-A*!@<QAPCF.K1D2L
M_@30L C+:MJ4&FO3M!/:< _9WIB'+[PS&0DP*O&1Y(6!5R ,,P_]-3$&
M@3D$)TXF-S*2@)EI& -6C8!QS0F@7@'&5@QC-0G./93^WT)/?O)=X[8[/XA





Q
R!JP:^.:$T] HR8
M6
L._#@XX60TK(RX


K BM*-HKA39[E**





M81 5(19.5^7(N)8VO#(8NA7+^$@HU_87S!$N


7\SFY#PT]D
T
RMPV&W/9 [4;R






EY7K

[





M0_6KJK)3@

*^=

\I;1'+%9EQYA




MB-GQ\C



:@.

M0UTDLCN'





EW!::&F0TYRC #6^MM\W2W4XJ
M'**^9%&@\&5!FJ8356PJV@J;.Q=N!'L]W8FVXUX#%'#HO'
GN$4\9;D7U
M5,+MG:GBK4]SMWY=!]SH[=!GVJTC\^,RT R/JP[='HKX5;.U$B.:P8F$BZ
M?:*.L4F93RHG*$

H0



-S Z7;KL+CG-8

/ 770Z@XYQL+;L[
*AY2?6 YHRG'K440FW
M#::.Q*(Y3

MR&RO32RR

P:)Z*N%V
MNC3Q8


!ZH







$38\KC*L
M(^E- .UDCART_.F\.EB=+/ACPF%3


L
MJC)4P^M

M LBJ@.Q6*Z$D OF2
$J$_=

M($/H-@*H#

MV R+6

M)W
T8AMT[\/(USGS5@@G7M4YS+Q

M91J:;^W:OC7F$]LE8[(E98A@*D
PG+X$T$SF2



M_%3#HBI#-KS.^-/M'S)' )KSP7 Y=N-59LT4 %VME% \Y,-!ZH,U[ :$T U
MJ7L;C)MS ]U15=C_7E9:'/8NHX R['&  56&:EB-::S!$Y(UV5K GU-D@

M
$Z-X:Y9'9MM&+OA

MHX R[-6 56&:%B-\:?:[[])W=HX&*$']K#K@*,;(ZRR4XV,R9 ;)HZI#-%P
M^A+!,YEC 4;?W%;0E@T]JW'BLW8C
GPXHQC*L


ME5
[5:!TQ\-VN)]PF 6.!V28 !X!5(9A
4V)X);

!WV%Q_TI/

A=IN(
MS9C&X^M#/-H^A/!0YEC!ZU3M3Z\[MR -FV8G#FL-J: ,FRC@0%5AG)8C8G@
MFLSQ@U'86@SA7)8]/%)=G#AT.$F0#+W-&*0R+,-H2P3'9(X/=( 3HZ@6VFQ
MF]Y^&EP&J9*Q\[..@JT


M)C\LLC(
).M.!/]DCAU


(RS/#%

;X0_VP1UUP<.A2W]:6'QN6<R!7$C0#TXC0ZM.


-J3 379(Y!P/][=-QM



JPCZ0W$;R3.29Q;$X/:




M8


(X[%:3\; 5N.@DAXDG)$2&GFL441F6Q74E
X+!3%AF38?YY'%
9
MGN'T)8)G



M \NBB.I0+*8K ?SZB\PQA
9U3XK+;K4W]F.#S\Q@FA^EN% E2$:5F,BN9S
MS*!SRYMMG(

MBNI)!*]DCA

M\

;#@X^'9AQ!QD

M4(;5HQA09?B&U9@ KOV7S/& 6N78ZX^=#3JUAT?X3$NCX^9G' %7&=*1]:

9F8YT%W,DY&YX9*<:%98M\WT<
M5AG$;0F@G


M

#DL-$I

SA0XJV:;G6 T5(;L'3A49:B&UYD(



U&A64;JXK#*L
Y



&[;W\JHF;/0V
V=VS#/H45P.M-S0YG:^=3;\A

YV+?O#V@]$X2PXGQN_YX5V8'CUM3MS
MS?7
^6!F\#(/0G]F1OMAZ2^XW:PI+LC^$+NI%+%V
0OFB+KOP2_+V6SW*Q3R
M5]L)@_L1)/8OO_W^RTWPV^'_?#0%:3CZ[

(87ERCR=+C=


0^W(@*
MD(ND*_[L$A _3&??QGVE_!'#45
-R?:TC!&O#S
PN(IPN\GOBS2D$
(5T


6$A%1\S#
M*P*B M0BZ8H_NP3
)4XAW^ XA[^6)_ 7_)ONHN$Z3FAY6(5!4X!1.!WQ9Y.

PG :'5TIJ7B:T/&SHG )IR.^+-)P!S@%+*-[^_V*O02
M*TC2TWY5)T^JXP&:AUMD4 4H1M&8@&BJ@.G *60$OWJ]NK5M'H[FF;P8
#=2


M-?1;QN#J'KS!&^G





MW][9]BBN*WG\_7Z*_0+WGMW5:J65KJXTP $.3\-#%A!OKIH$ B()D&0(\.G7
QR6;JW$M(2P2BC90!&V?@HP*B<GN_V
ME&[17@MO02O)DZ
'2W:2UD-1H48W*&H 83D14X!:*;4JZON G$V\)4$8DO!M




MA.%A-G:''NNW0\


M

;






M?2U?V0#N'L5.C_*]!1SUQ]2Y-;VR%M?E]'*2(0X4$X$L*V8 5YP(Z5&BMX!O

MX)/1

/&@98T51BZDL8LY&_KH6


MQX:02
$(L
MJCH2E??J9A*9B:$64XG$?&77W9(=('O7G5%G/NIAOZ7G&T%B$S!B)J)01+68
MGB3F<CH;*]G'C3 F1]S6I#5#YC3/!!*E7!-F,LJ/IA93G,0<[LZ]=5*GKWLL
M]65 ]\$S!380&*4;\-


MV9Y?%@

M0 844$=\U[=3@S
=1C&IR8LVYGT^F2S\&9-5U:)YH/@PQEK@TD-/DVS 04
Y]M+'SL[A*^.E1ERIVXFE)D8FC)]K[%:QG\%41S^


\K2QR+S1
M-I3'V_AI

M;ZVC8:W&#IX:=6Q880M8G'(L&(HH+Y9:3- 3?7*P
;H3N18;SC=)WN$TM5

KO*:8$BM8K )6#(45BJD6



&(HK&%4%R+[.:)-'!WN#Y:A-]HV
M=@N;54@?]*
OJ%T9N.H 


M#E;4\;WT*ZNVIK+^J=@)E%
M^Z

M6UNU@+N='DVEO(P7%ODUOERQP83TL;C

MPS[[T



MI8/RH+6+'%
M



0E'5(K-%U.F='1^=
M\RZD5ZJ5[#?
L(GB[OE/SOT!_[K%FP

HG)Y9ZK/@K

K9
4+VRYLS(W2ZU4R::B9--9.FFDE3
MS:2I9M*427JI

..+:()M


M)?N&MP0;U(C:F;8SAG;I*#QH)J/$3XL9
3O-G9:S(01\M/:L1=/*WT9M1KL4YI# :^BJ<P2#IVYEHRD-3^V6LR $?+[
M4C^0!\1N1WX<Z#[Z;PB/VJP@4
L8
-(5J%X:C$#1LCCS75]73JG19KCTX#'


XJT]W]46+)4#B8@B(XW!X+VXDB)D(:C%C1<C5@&SWTW6]SU;ZF_X!



M+/V;?M#

=-B[+6P
MCZRN OE\C0_=SKS&7E!S%VY!4Q:G#E0VACPX=EJ
G1;VD^UNGYE_/;*?_!?5
_3JD_S@!U-EZG<V0CO! ^E)?I0&ECX
N)GA95[0H[2M^U




M[@D?R:Y?/[Q98WYF6^

M
SS54%Y2HM\D(VD


=6#D%*!7YHC!FGSLL LL
M9*D%K
\Z'D3P3&(\:7'\8&EC 
R)GH)


+]XUP/911H*



CEN)8VABQ
M!8B5


[K&6:KFW#<JD:&X0*IP^EQ7&#I8T!+R=ZA L<P0AFEFS W.QL2%'QKLY



M.P;IPH%6IR:/59ZJS&HM'%5C






MY(PB:S/YM%X=CDWE_3F_V_QBE-_&&Y]R!5E




A1-Q!%7@RU2(
5\'4XO3;I
\=C!9S)''H)$G
M;R/W@J2Q7]W+H-/SN/?U8?&)
[V \MY] \3)SDOD7Z,N=3VI5V?S[5]05\3UKTBW]6=([6Z6PE[(#/,KH^
M*DOF9?.]TLF5=KWEGEQU\17Y!K48$_BL4#F3Y!ROV8&0'!G9=NG7'WQ*I5UU
MG%.JKC7XV])BK..S G1=+)R

A^?
M%:!)

*O=T2KNR[DZGNJKXWY(6)44^*SB-=
KQ.F93CMDD
MY*D-U])\C=
J[0H#3JNZTO*_-2W*FWQ6D'9T-:%9G86JRUY7#Q\OK;W2K[LB

R@=X=CYK[\*\XFOQ81EMG^Q9N5Y&BK)]G#7YV
MAL^SYU=E\U39/%4V3Y7-4V7S5-D\7S:;!WYH BTJMLNZUEH[.M*;%J+P)G0;

=)(UUX&P_1!P;D^80



=#GB\NSQQ(U#D!M!/19A



MJS+;JLRV*K/MRV:VW3\Y@;:6XUG3Z&/IU6

X].8/P;#D+
MOYMYD&!HB=)THV4(2;?QT2(KK*!G;7O:#W;L F%'60'W 
Z9Q9$590N2-00S
M
&I:9(
5=#*\L




M&[AW#M










MKW2

MP_W!S HFK!+#NDN=O^;.P%1N40G;?(M? 6X@UEK4/\/PG_[N6NQ 9VK/W&2F

_M98MN*:4]
MWZ02T@&37X%R*-I:U-C#, RH@[WO-BAJZX??;I/*=]Y!I70S37X%=CF1UI9
MC;\24U!8&'Z+3_WML41*R/_1.!47B3Y1.#
J\R3*O.DRCRI
D^JS)
J\Z3*
M/
D\1*%^__V/
)I
X[@5I!5IEL-B+6Y)\?S6M:AXZ30\TY(6CJ!^V2)%7+6Z


E1R\L\L%3I
M(]P=^?K&
0G%4;_


1E);'



\K& 9B-G1ZK'3[M

\]'BJ\MC=J!J'W&W
]%@5\6DG:W2TDA819QT!=;I[
DI[


U#D1M#/59S?-Y9SVH?





S+YX*
'V%D13Z[T1VN9U63-_0
! RC=A)*- -!4@^@HC+%[:S78YNM<.=UZ<XV'I_Y^O)P

MO&[0;=I



()S\(:C#MTXCNO^N(4'(R LC^&]L'$ 9B*G +U7&)4Y77R:



M(Q
UXLWNG__V?H#^6)(S_N?_ U!+ 0(4 Q0    ( *2(CDB6[7WEJ6$! &N-

4     DB(Y(\9?[A2(1  Z[@  %
M    @ $0LP$ 86QN+3(P,34Q,C,Q7V-A;YX;6Q02P$% ,4     DB(Y(
M!+;_Y:N7  #=6PL %               @ %DQ $ 86QN+3(P,34Q,C,Q7V1E
M9BYX;6Q02P$% 
4     DB(Y(720-=JZH 0#&AT %
M@ %!7 ( 86QN+3(P,34Q,C,Q7VQA8BYX;6Q02P$% 
4     DB(Y(#?&
M8RJ;   
N0P %               @ $A!00 86QN+3(P
34Q
C
Q7W!R92YX


